THE

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 38.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From October the 31st, 1780,

In the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third,

TO

October the 10th, 1782,

In the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third.

Re-printed by Order of the House of Commons.

1803.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 38.

[ 3 ]

By the KING,

A PROCLAMATION,

For dissolving this present Parliament, and declaring the Calling of another.

GEORGE R.

WHEREAS We have thought fit, by and with the Advice of Our Privy Council, to dissolve this present Parliament, which now fiands prorogued to Thursday the Twenty eighth Day of thisinflant September: We do, for that End, publish this Our Royal Proclamation 5 and dohereby dissolve the said Parliament accordingly :* And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Com-rtiissioners for Shires and-Burghs; of the House of Commons, are discharged from their Meeting and Attendance on Thursday the said Twenty-eighth Day1 of this

infiant September. And We being desirous and resolved,

as soon as may be, to meet Our People, and to have their Advice in Parliament, do hereby make known to all Our loving Subjects, Our Royal Will and Pleasure to call a new Parliament: And do hereby further declare, That, with the Advice of our Privy Council, We have this Day given Order to Our Chancellor of Great Britain, to issue out Writs, in due Form, for

calling a new Parliament; which Writs are to bear Tefie on Saturday the Second Day of this instant September, and to be returnable on the Thirty.first Day of October following. *

Given at Our Court at St. James's, the First Day of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, in the Twentieth Year of Our Reign. GOD save the Kino.

'VOL. 58.

Lord Steward't Deputation

[ 4 ]

/L L IA MEarl Talbot, Lord Steward of His Majesty's Houshold, and one of His Majesty's roost ho-/a nourable Privy Council, To all to whom these Presents shall come. Greeting. Know ye. That I, the said Lord Steward, by virtue of mv said Office of Lord Steward, have constituted, named, and appointed, and by these Presents do constitute, name, and appoint, the Right honourable Welborc Ellis, Sir Thomas Baronet; Charles Me daws, Thomas Hal/eij, Sir Charles GouldCharles Morgan, John Parry, William

Adam, Anthony Bacon, Richard Bcnyon; the honourable John John Robinfim, William Miller, John

Courtney; the honourable James Murray, Staats Long Sir Archibald Edmonjione, Baronet Mor-

jktad. Sir John Rons, Baronet; Thomas Staunton, Bamber Robert Mackreth, Henry Rofczvartic, tyn Fonnereau, John Strutt, Bamber GaJ'coyne, J unior; John Wilkes, Archibalj fifacdonald, John Morgqy, William, Grows, Anthony Storer, Thomas Bowiby, Sir John Huffey Baronet; Robert Skene, Peregrine Gast,

Francis Cockayne Cujt, LovelStanhope, William Slrahan, Philip Stevens, MLord ShuLiham, Abel Smith,. Robert Smith, William Wilberforce, John Darker, Timothy Caficall, Thomas Richard v

kins. Sir John Dunlze, Baronet; John Elwes, Francis Hale, William Morton-Pitt, Sir Frederick Leman Baronet; the Right honourable Lord Newhaven, Robert Mayne, George Graham, Sir Chai'les Cocks, Baronet,}, John Ketirick, Sir Charles Frederick, Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath; Henry Strachey,

Ord, Francis Page, George Ross, George Stratton; the Right honourable Loid Lcicisham, Lancelot Brown, Alex-, ander Murivy, William Majlerman, Nathaniel William Wraxall, Robert Shafto, John Dodd,. Pcnifion Powneyi the Right honourable Sir Richard WorJlerj, Edward Meux John Mayor, William Praed,

Francis Eyre, William Jolliffe, Robert Thijllethwayte; the Right honourable Townshend, Andrew Stuart

the Right honourable the Earl of Courtown, Philip Crefpigny, Daniel Lafcelles, Charles Barrow Warren Sir

Richard Symons, Baronet; the honourable George Augustus North, Sir Joseph Maiobey, Baronet; William teney, Bame Barne, John Bond, John Barrington, Edward Bacon, Sir Henry Hoghton, Baronet; the honourable Anne Poulett, Sir Richard Sutton, Baronet; the Right honourable Frederick Lord } the Right honourable Sir Fletcher Norton;the Right honourable Lord George Germain; Charles Wolf ran Cornwall-, the Right honourable Earl Nugent; the Right, honourable Henry Seymour Conway, the Right honourable Thomas Townshend; the Right honourable Isaac BarrS; the Right honourable Richard Rigby-, the Right honourable Charles Jenkinson; the Right honourable Lord Beauchamp; the Right honourable Lord; Sir Grey Codper,

Baronet; James Wallace, James Mansfield, the Right honourable Lord Charles Spencer-, the Right honourable Thomas Harley; the Right honourable I ord Howe; William Ewer, Christopher

James Whil/hed, Matthew Brickdale, Sir Henry Lippincott, Sir John Stepney, Baronet; Charles Garth, Charles

William Boughlon Rouse, John Macpherson, Alexander MacLeod, John James Macpherson, Paul Ben-

field, George Oujlow, Thomas Orde-, Sir George Howard, Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath; Francis Sykes-, the Right honourable Lord Galway-, Samuel Smith, Junior; William Nedham, Sir William Cunynghame, Baronet; Hugh Montgomery, Sir John Eden, Baronet; Sir William Dolben, Baronet; or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, my Deputies and Deputy, in my Place and Stead, to tender and administer the Oaths mentioned in a Statute, made in the First Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the Assembling and Sitting of this present Parliament, according to the Directions of the said Statute, and of all and every other Statute and Statutes directing the taking of the said Oaths before me; to all and every Perfoti and Persons who is, are, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners of Shires or Burghs of the present Parliament, appointed to meet the Thirty-first Day of October 1780; and to take and receive the Oaths of all and every the said Person and Persons who is, are, or shall be elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners for the Shires or Burghs aforesaid, for the said Parliament; and also to tender and aduiinifter the Oath mentioned in a Statute made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Election of Members to serve in the House of Commons for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for incapacitating the Judges of the Court of Session, Court of Judiciary, and Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, to be elected, or to fit or vote as Members of the House of Commons; according to the Directions of another Statute, made in the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, directing the said Oath to be taken before me; to all and every Person and Persons who is, are, or shall be, chosen a Member to serve in Parliament for any Shire or Stewartry within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and who was not, were not, or shall not be present at the Meeting of Election; and to take and receive the Oath of all and every such Person and Persons; giving them, my said Deputies, Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, full Power and Authority to execute and perform the Matters herein before-mentioned; Ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my Deputies or Deputy shall do and perform in this Behalf, in as ample, perfect, and lull Manner, as if I myself had personally been present, and done the fame. In Testimony whereof I have hereunto fei my Hand and Seal, this Thirty-first Day of October, in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, , and Ireland, King, Delender of the

Faith, fife. Annoque Domini 1780.

Talbot. (L. S.)

2i Geo. III. 310 OBobris.

Parliamentum inceptum et tentum apud civitatem Westmonafteri-enfem die Martis, 31° die Octobris, anno regni Domini nostri Georgii Tertii, Dei gratia, Magnae Britanniae, Franciae, et Hiberniae, Regis, Fidei Defenforis, &c. 21 % annoque

Domini 1780.

Parliament a \ H E King's most Excellent Majesty having, by meets. K.: Hig Royal Proclamation (hereunto annexed) JL dated the' l'H Day of September. \nft, difloived the last Parliament, and by. His Writ of Summons, iflYied under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Teste at Westminster, on Saturday the Second Day of September, called a new Parliament, and appointed the same to meet and fit this Day; the Right honourable William Earl Talbot, Lord Steward of His Majesty's Houshold, came, about Ten of the Clock, into one of the Rooms belonging to the Clerk of the House of Commons, where the Oaths appointed to be taken by the Members returned to serve in Parliament are usually administered; and John , Esquire, Clerk of the

House of Commons, and Mr. Leu, Clerk Assistant, and the other Clerks, attending according to their Duty; and the honourable John Yor Clerk of the Grown in Chan-

eery, having delivered to the said Mr. Hatfell a Bodfc. containing a List of the Names of such Members as hag been returned to serve in this Parliament, the Lora Steward did himself, in Person, adnriinifter the Oaths apr pointed to several of the Members who. appeared, and afterwards made a Commission, or Deputation, under his Hand and Seal (hereunto also annexed) impowering several of the Members, who had before been sworn, to administer the said Oaths to the rest of the Members returned; some of which Commissioners administered t he same accordingly to such other Members as appeared: Whichbeing done, the Mertibers repaired to their Seats in the House of Commons.

Message to After which, a Message was delivered by Sir Francis

Attend Molyneux, Gentleman Ullier of the Black Rod:

His Majesty. *

Gentlemen,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly the House went up to attend His Majesty in the House of Peers; where the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, by His Majesty's Directions, said.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

Lord His Majesty has been pleased to command! mfc to Chancellor's acquaint you, that He will defer declaring the Speech. Cause of calling this Parliament, till there shall be a Speaker of the House of Commons: And therefore it is His Majesty's Pleasure, that you, Gentlemen of the House of Commons, do immediately repair.to the Place where the Commons usually fit, and there choose a fit Person to be your Speaker; mid that you prefen't such Vox.. 38.

Person who shall be fa chosen, to His Majesty hepfe, Tor His Royal Approbation, Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock.; . I

And the Hotife being returned p .!

. The Right honourable Lord George Germain, one of Choice of His Majesty's.Principal Secretaries of State, andoine of Speaker; the Burgesses for the Borough of East Graxjteud W the M r „ County of Suffer, addressing himself to the Clerk (who, proposed* Handing up, pointed to him, atld then fat <Jown) proposed to the House for their Speaker Charles Cornwall, Esquire; in which Motion he was seconded by the Right honourable Welbore Ellis, one of the Burgesses for tire Borough oflTeymoutIiim<\ Melcombe Re* gis, in the County of DorJ'ct.

Then John Dunning, Esquire,(ongef the Burgesses for g!r pitcher the Borough of Caine in the County of Wills, flood up, Norton and addressing himself in like Manner to the Clerk, pro- proposed. posed to the House for thoir Speaker the Right honourable Sir Fletcher Norton; in which Motion he was seconded by the Right honourable Thomas Townfftend, one of the Burgesses for the Borough of I ill

the County of Southampton. > r.

.'Whereupon arose a Debate; in the Course of which, Debate the said Sir Fletcher Norton and the said Mr. Cornwall thereupon, severally addressed themselves to the House.

And the Debate still continuing;

the House wasmoved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 7th Day of 1777, of the unanimous Order of the House, That Mr. Speaker be " desired to print the Speech by him made to His Majesty in the House of Peers this Day, upon his prefettting to His Majesty the Bill for the better Support of " His Majesty's Houshold, and of the Honour and Di.gnity of the Crown of Great Britain, which then received the Royal-Assent," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 9th Day of May 1777, of the Proceedings of the House on " feme Aliufions hsving been made in a Debate to the Speech cf Mr.

" Speaker, delivered at the Bar of the House of Peers " on Wedneslaylaft;" and of the Order of the House in.

Consequence thereof, "That the Thanks'of this House " be returned to Mr. Speaker for his said Speech to His ' Majesty," might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

And after further Debate in relation to both the said Persons;

C The

6 i° — a° — 3° Novembris. A. 1780.

Mr.Cofmvall The Question was put by the Clerk, That Charles chosen Wolfran Cornwall, Esquire, do take the Chair\)f this

cr‘ I Ioufe as Speaker.

The Clerk declared the Yeas had it.

The I Ioufe was divided.

The Yeas on the Eight Hand;

The Noes on the Left.

The Tellers were appointed by the Clerk, viz.

Tor the Yeas,

Mr. Secretary of War - - 203

For the Noes,

'M r.Byng - - - 134

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Whon u|K)n the said Mr. Conncall was conducted to the Chair by Ixird George , and the said Mr.

Kill's, where, (landing on the upper Step of the Chair, lie returned his humbled Acknowledgments to the I Ioufe, for the great Honour they had been pleased to confer oh him; but as he (bund the Circumstances he had mentioned, with respect to himself, when he before addressed hirpself to the House, had not had sufficient Weight with the House to prevent their feating him in that Chair, he hoped the House would permit him to date them in another Place.

But the Members cried No, No.

And thereupon he fat down in the Chair; and then the Mace (which before lay under the Table) was laid upon the Table.

Then the Right honourable the Lord Viscount Hindi-ingbrooky Vice Chamberlain of His Majesty's Hous-hold, and one of the Knights of the Shire for the County of Huntingdon, having congratulated Mr. Speaker elect, moved to adjourn till Tomorrow, Twelve of the Clock.

And the House accordingly adjourned, till Tomorrow, Twelve of the Clock.

Mercurii, i° Novembris;

Anno at* Georgii III. U Regis, 1780.

Choice of fV 1 HE House being met, and Mr. Speaker elect

Speaker JL having taken the Chair;

approved. A Message was brought front His Majesty, by Sir Francis Molyneui, Gentleman Uflter of the Black Rod.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend I Ii6 Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker elect, with the House, wont up to attend His Majesty in the House of Peers: Where Mr. Speaker el eft was presented to His Majesty for His Iloyal Approbation; And

Then the I-ord High Chancellor of Great Britain, after receiving Directions from His Majesty, signified His Majesty's Approbation of Mr. Speaker cleft.

The House being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had been in the House of Peers: Where His Majesty had been pleased to approve of the Choice the House had made of him to be their Speaker , and that he had, in their Name, and on their Behalf, by humble Petition to His Majesty, laid Claim to all their ancient Rights and Privileges, particularly that their Persons, their Ef-tatos, and Servants, might be f ee from Arreds, and all Modulations; that they may enjoy Liberty of Speech in all their Debates, may have Access to His Majedv's Royal Person, whenever Occasion shall require; and that all their Proceedings may receive from His Majesty the most favourable Condruftion; which, he said. His Majesty had confirmed to them in as full and ample Manner as they have been heretofore granted or allowed by His Majesty, or any of His Royal Predecessors.

And then Mr. Speaker repeated his most respectful Acknowledgments to the House for the Honour they had done him.

Mr. Speaker then put the House in Mind, that the first Thing to be done, was to take the Oaths, and make and subscribe the Declaration, and to take and subscribe the Oaths of Abjuration and Qualification, by Law required.

And thereupon Mr. Speaker fil'd alone, (landing upon the upper Step of the Chair, took the said fird-mentioned Oaths, and made and subscribed the said Peclaration, and took and subscribed the said Oath of Abjuration; and also delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and took and subscribed the Oath of Qualification.

And, after him, several other Members took the said fird-mentioned Oaths, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 2* die Novembris;

Anno 2i* Georgii III*1 Regis, 1780. Prayers.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 3* die Novembris;

Anno 2i° Georgii IIP" Regis 1780.

Prayers.

SE V ER AL other Members present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to I he Clerk of this House an Aecount of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Mr. Speaker takes Oaths*

Members take Oath*

Members take Oaths.

Members take Oaths.

21 Geo. III.

Luiice, 66;

Anno 21* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

Members OEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, rake O and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took ths* and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in fudi Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

ClimWHhe A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandestine Qwhwnes* Outlawries, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Grand - Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do Committees, fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursdayin the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Committee Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges be ap-.of pointed:

Privileges. And a Committee was appointed of Mr.

Mr. Towit/hend, Mr. LaMr. Dodd, Mr. Byng, the Lord Mahan, the Lord Clive, Mr. Mr. Fox,

Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Buller, Mr. Barrow, the Lord New-haven, Mr. Si inchin , Mr. Adam, Mr. St. John, Mr.

Baker, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, Mr, Eyre, Mr. Harris, Sir JaniesLowlher, Mr. Palk, Sir Philip Jennings Sir George Yonge, the Lord North, the Lord JJarker, M r. Dunning, Mr. Pentqiu Sir Edward Mr. Miller,

Mr. Plumer, Mr. Rous, Sir George SavHe, Admiral pel, Mr. Ewer, Sir George the Earl of Surrey,

Mr. deGrey, Mr. Walpole, Charles Cocks, Mr. Skene, Mr. Drake, Mr. Pultency, Mr. Macdonald, Mr.

Sir William Dolben, Sir Richard Sutton, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Citjl, Sir Fletcher Norton, Earl , Mr. Keene, Colonel Barre, Sir Horatio Mann, Mr. Murray, the Lord

Althorpe, Mr. Ejiwidi, Mr. Mr. Mr. Boyd, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Page, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Brick dale, Lord George A ugujlus Henry Mr. Ord, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Lijler, Mr. Graves, Lord George Germain, Mr. , Mr. Mr,

Parker, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Smith, the Lord Westcote, Mr. Ambler, Sir

Mawbcy; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet upon Friday Sevenniglit, at Seven of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to fit ever

day, and Friday, in the Afternoon; and all who come are to have Voices; and they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Privileges; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, from Thne to Time; and the Committee are to have Power to fend for Per Ions, Papers, and Records, for their Information; rrtid if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Matter of Privilege of any Vol. 38.

Novembris, 7 .

Member, he is to withdraw dating the Tim'e tile Mutter is in Debate,

Ordered, That all Persons who will question aniy Re^ Usual turns of Members to serve in Parliament, do qubilion Order* the same within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in; and that all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, do make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Retiirn for that Place; and if any Thing shall come iu Question," touching the Return or Election of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members returned upon Double Returns, do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath ahV Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That where this House shall judge any Petition touching Elections to be frivolous and vexa^ tious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made Id the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That, if it lha.ll appear that tiny Person hath procured himself to be eleCied or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be; by Bribery or any other corrupt Practices, this House will pfdceetl with the utmeft Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person. hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House; or any' Committee thereof, or direCHy or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing* or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a High Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any. Person. hath given falle Evidence, in any Case, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of t he Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, o.r any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Resolved, That, in all Cases of controverted Eiections for Counties in England and Wales, the Petitioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed by the House, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents; Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who. voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; aild that the Sitting Members do, by themselves or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stranger, or Strangers, that he shall see; or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, While the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody without the special Order of the House;

Ordered,

Usual

Orders.

8 6° Novembris. 1780.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker's Cham her be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by hint; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do-take Care to clear the Speaker's Chamber every Day before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger, or Strangers, into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take Care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, duritig the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple Bar and Westminster Hall, shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Psflage of the Members to and from this House; and 'that tile Serjeant at* Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in waitingdo take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in fnittfler Hall, Or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by' Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of Jhe House, or' upon the Stairs Jeading--thereto. *

1 I " '

Ordered, That the SeVjeant at Arms attending this House do takb care that there be no Gaming, or other Difonjers, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as thall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such jFootmen be discharged out of Custody, but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting or losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Poll Office to this House, or feme other Person to be appointed by the Poll Master General, do, for the future, every Day, during' the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the least immediately after the Rising of the House, and also from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take Care, during his Stay (here, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Poll Master General.

Ordered, That when any Letter, or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame; and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, 17

with the Contents thereof, iT proper to be communicated to this House.

' *

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof‘to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void. ' , .

Ordered, That the Votes of this. House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and, that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person but such as he shall appoint do presume to print the fame.

The House taking Notice, by the Book of Returns, Coveptry that the Sheriffs of the City of Coventry had not re- Special turned any Citizens to serve in this Parliament for the Return, said City; and that they had made a Special Return why they had not returned such Citizens; the said Return was read, by which they certified, that they were impeded in the Execution of the Writ, and titat the Election was prevented by Riots.

Which said special Return or Certificate is as follows; viz.

4

These are to certify. That Thoma and Thomas Butler, Sheriffs of the City of Coventry, have returned the Writ of Election for the present Parliament, to them directed; and that the Execution thereof (as far as they were able to proceed therein) appears in a certain Schedule thereto annexed; by which Schedule it apr pears, that no Citizens are elected for the said City and County.

A Copy of this Schedule here followeth; to wit::

By virtue of the Writ of Election to us directed (to which this is annexed) Proclamation being first made of the Premises in the said Writ mentioned, and of the Day and Place, as by the said Writ is directed, we the within named Sheriffs did, in Obedience thereto, on the Ninth Day of September, in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of bur Sovereign Lord the King, proceed in order to cause Two Citizens, of the mofi sufficient and discreet of our said City, freely and indifferently to be choseti, according to the Form of the Statutes -in such same made and provided; when there appeared as Candidates Edzcard Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd, Esquires, and Sir Thomas Halifax, Knight, and Thomas Rogers, Esquire; and thereupon a Poll was opened in the usual and accustomed.Manner, and proceeded in a peaceable and orderly M ay for about the Space of Half an Hour; at the End of which Space of Time, divers Persons, and particularly Colliers and others, not Inhabitants or Freemen of the said City, to the Number of Five hundred, and more, with a blue Flag carried before 1 hem, and having blue and white Cockades in their Hats (beiifg the Marks and Badges by which the Party of the said Edward Roc Yeo and John Baker Holroydwere distingtulhed) tnmuHOnufly

and riotously assembled together at the Place of Election, and did disturb and impede the said Election, and did, in our View, violently, riotously, and outrageously assault, beat, strip, bruise, and otherwise ill-treat, a great Number of Voters attending at the Place of Election, and offering to poll for the said Sir Thomas Halifax and Thomas Rogers, Esquire, and then and there disturbed, impeded, and obstructed the said Voters from giving their Votes; the said Rioters and Disturbers at the same Time openly and publickly threatening, that no Person lhoulcl come up to poll for the said Sir Thomas Hal fix and Thomas Rogers, Esquire; whereupon we adjourned the said Poll to Monday the Eleventh of the said Mouth of Sep, and continued

the

2i Geo. Ill*

6" Novemhrii.

the fame, by divers other Adjournments, from Day to ' Day, to the Eighteenth of the said Month, in order that the said Election might lie made; but the said Poll was disturbed and impeded, from Time to Time, by like Tumults, Riots, and by Assaults and other Outrages committed upon the Persons of many Voters offering to poll for the said Sir Thomas Halifax and Thomas lingers, by the said Rioters and Distu'rbers: And we, afliited by the Magistrates an*l Peace Officers, endeavouring, by an Exertion of all the Power and Authority veiled in us, and particularly having appointed Two hundred Thirty-six additional Con-ltables to preserve the Peace, to flip profs the said Tumults and Riots, and to remove the said Obstructions, and to open a free Access to the Booth for the Voters on both Sides to come up to poll, were, notwithstand-

ing, riotoufiy and forcibly afi'aulted, and driven back, and otherwise ill-treated, to the imminent Danger of our Lives; and the Voters were, by Numbers and Force, violently and illegally hindered from giving their Votes; so that, out of Two thousand Voters, and upwards, no more than Eighty-three were polled, and a free Election could not be had; but we were, by Means of said tumultuous and illegal Force, interrupted and obstructed in the Execution of the said Writ, and of our Duty and Office, and in making the said Election: For which Catifes aforesaid, we did not cause to be elected, nor ‘ could we cause to be defied. Two Citizens of the said City and County, according to the Exigency, Form, a0(i Fdllft of the said Writ. Given under our Hands and Seals this Twenty-sixth Day of in the Year of Our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty,

Thomas (l. s.) Noxon. Thomas (l. s.) Butler.

Given under my Hand this 31st Day of October 1780, Chat Freioen, Deputy Clerk of the Crown.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That Mr. Speaker do ifl'ue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Coventry.

And the said Motion was, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Noxon and Mr. Thomas Butler, late Sheriffs of the City of Coventry, do attend this House upon Thursday Fortnight, the 23d day of this Instant November.

The King's Mr. Speaker reported to the House, That, when the Speech House did attend His Majesty upon last, in

reported. she House of Peers, His Majesty was pleased to make a Most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which Me. Speaker said he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is with more than ordinary Satisfaction that I meet you in Parliament, at a Time when the late Elections may afford Me an Opportunity of receiving the moll certain Information of the Disposition and the Willies of My People, to which I am always inclined to pay the utmost Attention and Regard.

The present arduous Situation of public Affairs is' well known; the whole Force and Faculties of the ^Ionarcliies of 1France and are drawn forth, and

exerted to the utmost, to support the Rebellion in My Colonies in North America, and, without the leall Provocation or Cause of Complaint, to attack My Dominions; and the undisguised Object of this Confederacy manifellly is to gratify boundless Ambition, by destroying the Commerce, and giving a fatal Blow to the Power of Great Britain.

By the Force which the last Parliament pitt into My Vol. 38.

9

Hands, and by the Blessnig of Divine Providence on the Bravery of My Fleets and Armies, I have been enabled to withstand the formidable Attempts of My . Enemies, and to frustrate the great. Expectations, they had formed; and the signal Successes which have attended the Progress of My Arms in the Provinces of Georgia and Carolina, gained with so much Honour to the Conduct and Courage of My Officers, and to the Valour and Intrepidity of My Troops, which have equalled their highest Character in any Age* will, I trust, have important Consequences in bringing the War to a happy Conclusion: — It is My moll earnell Desire to fee this great End accomplished; but I am confident you will agree with Me in Opinion, that We 'can only secure safe and honourable Terms of Peace by such powerful and respectable Preparations, as shall convince our Enemies, that We will not submitto receive the Law from any Powers whatsoever, and that we are united in a firm Resolution to decline no Difficulty, or Hazard, in the Defence of Our Country, and for the Preservation of Our essential Interestsi

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have ordered the Estimates for the ensuing Yeartd he laid before you. I fee and feel, with great Anxiety and Concern, that the various Services of the War mull, unavoidably, be attended with great and heavy Expences; but I dc-lire you to grant Me such Supplies only, as your own Security, and lasting Welfare, and the Exigency of Affairs, shall be found to require.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I repose an entire Confidence in the Zeal and Affections of this Parliament, conscious that, during the whole Course of My Reign, it has been the constant Obj c*Ct of My Care, and the Wish of My Heart, to promote the true Interests and Happiness of all My Subjects, and to preserve, inviolate, Our excellent Constilution in Church and State.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most Gracious Speech from the Throne.

To congratulate His Majesty upon the safe Delivery of the Queen, and the Birth of another Prince; and to allure His Majesty, that we take a sincere Part in every Event that contributes to His Majesty's domestic Happiness.

That we acknowledge, with the utmost Gratitude, His Majesty's condescending Goodness, in His Desire to meet His Parliament at this Time, and His Gracious Expressions of Attention and Regard to the Dispolltfon and Wilhes of His People.

That we are impressed with a due Sense of the Difficulties of the present arduous Conjuncture, -when the whole Force of France and Spain is combined and exerted to support the Rebellion in His Majesty's Colonies; and to attack all the Dominions of his Crown; and when it is but too manifest to all the World, that the real Views of this most unjust Confederacy are to give a fatal Blow to the Commerce and Power of Great Britain, in Resentment for the successful Efforts which this Nation has so often made to save the Liberties of from the Ambition of the House of Bourbon.

That we have observed, with great and just Satisfaction, that His Majesty, by the Support of His Parliament, and the Spirit and Bravery of His Fleets and Armies, has, under the Divine Protection, been enabled to withstand the formidable Attempts of His Enemies; and we offer our moll cordial Congratulations to His Majesty, on the Signal Successes which have attended t,he Progress of His Majesty's Arms in the Provinces, of Georgia anil Carolina, and in which the Conduct and D Courage

AdHrels on the King's

Speech;

io 6° — 70 Novembris. . 1780.

Courage of His Majesty's Officers, and the Valour and Intrepidity of His Troops, have been so eminently distinguished.

That we consider His Majesty's earnest Desire and Solicitude to see the War brought to a happy Conclu-fion, as the strongest Proof of His Majesty's paternal Regard for His People; but we entirely agree with His Majesty, that safe and honourable Terms of Peace can only be secured by such powerful Preparations and vigorous Exertions as shall convince our Enemies that His Majesty and His Parliament are united in a firm and stedfast Resolution to decline no Difficulty or Danger in the Defence of their Country, and for the Maintenance of their essential Interests.

To assure His Majesty, that we are thoroughly fen-fible that these Ends cannot be effected without great and heavy Expences; and that we will grant His Majesty such Supplies as the lading Security and Welfare of His Kingdoms, and the exigency of Affairs, shall be found to require.

That His Majesty may rely, with entire Confidence, on the most zealous and affectionate Attachment of His faithful Commons to His Person, Family, and Government; and that we acknowledge, with the liveliest Sentiments of Reverence and Gratitude, that the constant Tenor of His Majesty's Conduct thews, that the foie Objects of His Royal Care and Concern, are to promote the Happiness of His People, and to preserve inviolate 'our excellent Constitution in Church and State.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word " Happiness" at the End of the Second Paragraph, to the End of the Question, in order to insert these Words;

" That in the present arduous Situation of Public " Affairs, we think it an indispensable Part of our " Duty, to make those spirited and vigorous Exertions which such a Conjuncture demands; and " that we beg Leave to assure His Majesty, that we " are united with a firm Resolution, to decline no " Difficulty or Hazard in the Defence of our Country,

" and for the Preservation of our essential Interests," instead thereof.

And the question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out, stand Part of the Question j

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J ^Gr: } 11

Tellers for the Noes, j {£; Gr'mitk- } .30.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put j

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most Gracious Speech from the Throne.

To congratulate His Majesty upon the safe Delivery of the Queen, and the Birth of another Prince; and to assure His Majesty, that we take a sincere Part in every Event that contributes to his Majesty's domestic Happiness.

That we acknowledge, with the utmost Gratitude, His Majesty's condescending Goodness, in His Delire to meet His Parliament at this Time, and His Gracious Expressions of Attention and Regard to the Disposition and Wishes of His People.

That we are impressed with a due Sense of the Difficulties of the present arduous Conjuncture, when the whole Force of France and Spain is combined and exerted to support the Rebellion in His Majesty's Colonies, and ta attack all the Dominions of His Crown; and when it is but too manifest to all the World, that the real Views of this most unjust Confederacy are to give a fatal Blow to the Commerce and Power of Great 20

Britain, in Resentment-for the successful Efforts which this Nation has so often made to save the Liberties of Europe from the Ambition of the House of.

That we have observed, with great and just Satisfaction, that his Majesty, by the Support of His Parliament, and the Spirit and Bravery of His Fleets and Armies, has, under the divine Protection, been enabled to withstand the formidable Attempts of His Enemies; and we offer our most cordial Congratulations to His Majesty, on tile signal Successes which have attended the Progress of His Majesty's Arms in the Provinces of Georgia and Carolina, and in which the Conduct and

Courage of His Majesty's Officers, and the Valour and Intrepidity of His Troops, have been so eminently di-llinguished.

That we consider His Majesty's earnest Desire and Solicitude to see the War brought to a happy Conclu-lion, as the strongest Proof of His Majesty's paternal Regard for His People; but we entirely agree with His Majesty, that safe and honourable Terms of Peace can only be secured by such powerful Preparations and vigorous Exertions as shall convince our Enemies, that His Majesty and His Parliament are united in a firm and stedfast Resolution to decline no Difficulty or Danger in the Defence of their Country, and for the Maintenance of their essential Interests.

To assure His Majesty, that we are thoroughly fen-fible that these Ends cannot be effected without great and heavy Expences; and that we will grant His Majesty such Supplies as the lasting Security and Welfare of His Kingdoms, and the Exigency of Affairs, shall be found to require.

That His Majesty may rely, with entire Confidence, on the most zealous and affectionate Attachment of His faithful Commons to His Person, Family, and Government; and that we acknowledge, with the liveliest Sentiments of Reverence and Gratitude, that the constant Tenor, of His Majesty's Conduct shews, that the foie Objects of His Royal Care and Concern are to promote the Happiness of His People, and to preserve inviolate our excellent Constitution in Church and State.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. de Grey, Mr. Rigby, Sir Richard Sutton, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Pulteney, Sir George HoSir Horatio Mann, Mr. Penton, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Lord

George Germain, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Adam, Mr. Bowlby, Mr. Ellis, the Lord Mr.

Attorney General, the Earl of Sir Grey Cooper,

Mr. Eden, Mr. Ord, Mr. Ro Mr. Mr.

St. John, or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 7* die Nove

Anno 21* Georgii III'" Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Robert Fellowes, Esquire, Lord Shotefiiam of the Manors of Shotesham Hall Swans and Toft ^xic*°:ure-Hall, and Shotesham Saint Benedicts, in the County of Norfolk, and Owner and Proprietor of Lands and Tenements within the Parishes of Shotesham Saint Mary,

Shotesham

b

21 Geo. III.

Novembris.

ii

tfingham

lodo&irc.

Bcflelfleigh,

Ac.

Roads.

Shotefiam Saint Botqlph, Shotefiam, All Saints, and Shotesham Saint Martin, in the said County; and also of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the said Parishes, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That these are, within the said Parishes, divers Commons and Waste Lands, over which the Petitioners and several other Persons are entitled to Right of Common; and that the said Commons and Waste Lands are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement, but, if divided and inclosed, might be put in a State of Cultivation, and greatly improved: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons and Waste Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, 'Fhat Leave be given to bring in $ Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Harbord Harbord. Sir Edward , and Mr. Coke of Norfolk, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir John Wodehouse, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Hingham, in the County of Norfolk, and

Patron of the Rectory and Parish Church of Hingham, in the said County, and Owner and Proprietor of several Messuages, Farms, and Lands, in the said Parish, and of the Reverend Philip Wodehouse, Clerk, Rector of the said Rectory and Parish Church, and Lord of the Manor of Hingham Rectory, in the said Parish, and of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Farms, Tenements, Cottages, and Lauds in the said Parish, having a Right of Common or Pasturage, or otherwise interested in the several Commons and Waste Lands in the said Parish of Hingham.in the said County of Norfolk, was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several large Open and Uninclosed Commons and Waste Lands in the said Parish, the Feed of which, in their present State, is of little or no Value to the Persons interested therein; and that, if the said Commons and Waste Lands were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, and all Rights of Common thereon were extinguished, the same would be of great Benefit to such Persons, and of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edward Aftley, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, and Mr. Bacon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Trustees and Mortgagees for and under Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending and widening the Road from Beffelft through Wantage to Hungerford, in the County of Berks, and from Wantage to Marlborough, in the County of other Roads

in the said Acts mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That several considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed, and, together with the Tolls, applied in putting the said Acts in Execution, and great Progress has been made; but the said Roads cannot be completed and kept in Repair, and the Money borrowed be repaid, with the Interest thereon, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be enlarged; and that the Petitioners apprehend it would be more commodious for PaOengers, and advantageous to the Trust, if the Road leading from the Turnpike Road between Wallingford and Wantage, through Pidgeon Lane, to the Turnpike Road between Wanl the

upon Wantage Doztms, were di reded to be repaired, in-

stead of the Road leading from the Turnpike Road be-Vox. 38.

Private

Bills.

Stratford upon Avon Roads.

tween Reading and Wallingford, through Halfpenny Lane, to the said Red House, which is aPart of the Roads included in the said Ada: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Terns and Powers of the said Acts, and to include in the Provisions thereof, the said Lane called Pidgeon Lane, instead of the said other Lane called Halfpenny Lane.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Elwes, Mr. Hartley, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions for private Bills after the Sixth Day of February next.

A Petition of several of the acting Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, through Alcester, in the " said County, and Feckenham, to a Place called Bradley

" Brook, in the County of Worcester; and from Alcester,

" through Great Coughlon and Crabs Cross, in the said " County of Warzoick, and through Hewell Lane and " Burcolt, to The Cross of Hands on a Common called " The Leek hay, and out of Hewell Lane, through Church " Lane and Tutnell, to Bromsgrove, in the said County of Worcester," whoseNames are thereunto subscribed,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the original Term of Twenty-one Years, by the said Act granted, is expired; and the additional Term of Five Years, granted by an Act made in the Twenty-eighth Year of his said late Majesty, will also be expired at the End of this present Session of Parliament; and that the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said first-mentioned Act, and made considerable Progress in the Reparations of the said Roads, and for that Purpose have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted; but find that the said Act cannot be carried into effectual Execution, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term therein granted, and the Tolls and Powers thereof, be further continued, increased, altered, and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the said Term, and render more effectual the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

shall appear to them, to the House: ....

And it is referred to the Lord Beauchamp, Sir.

Skipwith, &c.: And they are to meet To-morrpw Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Several Petitions, complaining of.nndueEledionsgnd Controverted Returns, being offered to be presented to the House; Ele<^ion:* Resolved, Nemine Conlradicente, That whenever several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, shall, at the same Time, be offered to be presented to the House, Mr.

Speaker shall direct such Petitions to be all of them delivered in at the Table, where they shall be classed and read in the following Order; viz. Such Petitions as com-plaiu of Double Returns, in the First Class; such as complain of the Election or Return of Members returned to serve for Two or more Places, in the Second Class; and the Residue of the said Petitions, in the Third Clafc:

And the Names of the Piaoes to which fuel) Petitions

(contained

v

New Radnor Election.

Ditto.

I*

7° Novembris.

A. 1780,

(contained in the First Class, if snore than One) shall relate, shall, in the First Place, be written on several Pieces of Paper of an equal 'Size, and th'e same Pieces of Paper shall be then rolled up, and put by the Clerk into a Box or Glass, and then publicly drawn by the Clerk; and the said Petitions shall be read in the Order in which the said Names shall be drawn: And then the like Method shall be observed with respeift to the several Petitions contained in the Second and Third Gaffes respectively.

And several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, were accordingly delivered in at the Table: And several of them appearing to be Petitions complaining of Double Returns, the Names of the Places to which such Petitions related were, in tile First Place, put into a Glass, and drawn by the Clerk in the following Order:

A Petition of John Lewis, Esquire, was read; Setting

forth. That at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of New Radnor, in the County of Radnor, and its Contributory Boroughs, the Petitioner and Edward Lewis, Esquire, were candidates;

and that Thomas Lewis, Bailiff of the said Borough, who was the Returning Officer, received on his Poll for the Petitioner the Names of Fifty Burgesses, resident within the respective Boroughs of which they are Burgesses; and Thirty Burgesses for the said Edward Lewis, who were also resident within their respective Boroughs of which they are Burgesses; and, notwithstanding the Majority of residing Burgesses was admitted to him by the said Edward Lewis, and which appeared on the Poll for the Petitioner, and who alone have a Right to vote, the said Thomas Lewis has made a Return of the Petitioner, and also of the said Edward Lewis; and that the Petitioner was duly elected, and alone ought to be returned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief as shall appear just. '

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 24th Day of this instant November, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " 24th Day of this *' instant November," and inferring the Words " lft " Day of December next," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words " 24th " Day of this instant November," stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " ift " Day of December next," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the ill Day df December next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.:

A Petition of Edward Lewis, Esquire, was also read; Setting forth. That at the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of New Radnor, in the County of Radnor, and its Contributory Boroughs, the Petitioner and John Lewis, Esquire, were Candidates; and that Thomas Leiois, Bailiff of the said Borough, who tvas the Returning Officer, received on his Poll for the Petitioner the Names of Sixty Burgesses, who all had a Right to vote; and only Fifty Burgesses for the said John Lewis; but, notwithstanding the Majority which appeared on the Poll for the Petitioner, the said Thomas Lewis has made a Return of the Petitioner, and also of the said John Lewis, under a Pretence that several of the Burgesses who voted for the Petitioner, pot being resident within their respective Boroughs, had no Right to vote; and that the Petitioner was duly elected, and alone ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the Hottfe to take the Premifds into 19

Consideration, and to grant him such Relief as shall appear just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and *

11th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament,

the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by tlictnselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That. Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought neeefl'ary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of Henry Harford, Esquire, and Lionel Lyme Regis Darell, the Younger, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, Ele<a*01*-That, previous to the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lyme Rc-.gis, in the County of Dorset, the Precept for the said Election was delivered by the Sheriff of the said County to John Coade, Esquire, the then Mayor, and the proper Returning Officer for the said Borough; and that the said John Coade duly proceeded to the Election of Bur-

gestes for the said Borough, according to the Purport of the said Precept; when the Petitioners, together with the honourable Hairy Fane, and David Robert Michel,

Esquire, were Candidates; and that at the Close of the Poll, the Petitioners, having an undoubted Majority of legal Votes, were, by the said Returning Officer, declared to be duly elected, and were returned by him as such, and the Return, together with the Precept, was delivered back to the Sheriff of the said County; and that the Petitioners are informed, the Sheriff of the said County hath likewise thought proper to annex to the said Precept another Return, made by some Person who had no Right to do so, whereby the said Henry Fane and David Robert Michel are likewise declared to be elected Burgesses for the said Borough: And therefore praying.

That the said Return of the said HFane and David Robert Michel may be taken off the File, and that the Petitioners may be declared by the Iloufe to be duly returned and elected Members for the said Borough; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as the Nature of the same requires, and as to the House shall seem reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday Fortnight, the 24th Day of this inflaut November, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of several Electors of the Borough of Lyme Ditto.

Regis, in the County of Dorset, was also read; Setting forth. That, previous to the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Lyme Regis, the Precept for the said Election was delivered by the Sherifl'of the said County to John Coade Esquire, the then Mayor, and the proper Returning Officer for the said Borough; and that the said John Coade duly proceeded to the Election of Burgesses for the said Borough, according to the Purport of the said Precept, when Henry Harford, Esquire, and Lionel Darell, the Younger, Esquire, together with the honourable Henry Fane, and David Robert Michel, Esquire, were Candidates; and that, at the Close of the Poll, the said Hairy Harford, Esquire, and Lionel Dared, Esquire, having an undoubted Majority of legal Votes, in the Judgment of the said Returning Officer, were declared by him duly elected, and were returned by him as such, and the Return, together wish the Precept, was delivered back to the Sheriff of the said County; and that the Petitioners are

r

f 21 Geo. III. 7° . 13

are informed, the Sheriff of the said County hath like-' wife thought proper to annex to the said Precept another Return, made by some Person who had no Right to intermeddle therein, whereby the said Jlcnry Fane and David Robert Michel are likewise declared to be duly elected Burgesses of the said Borough: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said last mentioned Return of the said Henry Fane and David Robert Michel; and that such Relief may be granted to the Petitioners, as to the House shall seem meet. \

A Petition of the honourable Henry Fane and David Elc 10a. Robert Michel, Esquire, was also read; Setting forth. That ever since the Beginning of the Year 1778,

Davie, John Coade, WairenLijle, George Kerbey, Robert Clarke, and others, Capital Burgesses or Burgesses of the Borough of Lyme Regis in the County of Dorset, with a View to acquire an undue Influence at the then approaching General Election, have conspired together to prevent a legal Election of a Mayor of the said Borough; and that in pursuance of the said Conspiracy, they procured John Coade to be illegally placed in the said Office on the 4th Day of October 1779; and that the said John Coade took the said Office upon him; and that on an Information in Quo Warranto being filed against the said John Coade, by Leave of the Court of King's Bench, he fled from the Processof the said Court, and did not appear to the said Information until it was too late to try the same at the last Assizes; and that the Majority of the Capital Burgesses, being denied their Right of voting for a Mayor of the said Borough on the 30th Day of August 1779, being the Monday next after the Feast of Saint Barthob and the usual Day for electing a Mayor of the said Borough, did assemble themselves according to the Statute of the Eleventh of George the First, on the Day following, being the Day next after the said usual Day for electing a Mayor of the said Borough, and did then duly elect William Peterson, one of the Capital Burgesses of the said Borough, to be Mayor of the said Borough for the Year then next ensuing; and that the said William Peterson was at the same Time duly sworn into the said Office, and took upon himself to act as Mayor soon after the said John Coade absconded to avoid the Process of the Court of King's Bench; and that the said William Peterson continued to act as Mayor until his Successor was duly elected; and that, on the lateDifsolution of Parliament, the said William Peterson applied, or caused Application to be made, to the Sheriff of the County of Dorset, to have the Precept for electing the Two Burgesses to serve in the ensuing Parliament for the said Borough, delivered to him, but the said Sheriff thought proper to deliver the same to the said John Coade; and that the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough was held the 9th Day of last, when Henry

Harford and Lionel DaJunior, Esquires, and the Petitioners, were nominated as Candidates to represent the said Borough; and that, at such Election the said John Coade presided at a Poll taken at the Town-Hall of the said Borough, and at the said Poll admitted a very large Number of unqualified Persons to voteunder various illegal Claims, all of whom voted for Hemy Harford and Lionel Darell, Junior, Esquires; and that the said John Coade rejected, or received with a Query, a large Number of Jegal Votes, which were tendered for the Petitioners; and that, at the Poll so taken by the said John Coade, the Majority of legal Votes was in Favour of the Petitioners, but that the said John Coade declared the Ma jority of Votes to be in favour of Henry Harford and Lionel'IDarell, Junior, Esquires, and that they were duly elected, and bath made his Return accordingly to the House; and that the said William Peterson offered also to take a Poll in the Town-Hall of the said Borough, but was forcibly and violently prevented; that he thereupon publicly adjourned his Poll to the Custom House within the said Borough, and there

received the Votes of all legal Voters who offered to poll before him, and that upon the said Poll the Majority of legal Votes was in Favour of the Petitioners, and that thereupon the said William Peterson declared the Petitioners duly elected, and hath made his Return accordingly to the House: And therefore praying, That the Return made by the said John Coade may be taken off the File, and that the Return made by the said William Peterson may be received as the legal Return of Members to serve for the said Borough, and that the Petitioners may be declared to have been duly elected; and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Pretnifes as to the House shall seem meet. And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the said Petition of Henry Harford, Esquire, and Lionell Darell, the Younger, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Confxderation. Memorandum:

' In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returps of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of Philip Yorke, Esquire, was read; Setting forth. That at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hellfton, in the County of Comioall, the Right honourable Thomas tiers, commonly called Lord Hyde, Lieutenant General William Evelyn, Jocelyn Dean, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were proposed as Candidates; and that Darell Trelazcney, Esquire, Sheriff of the said County of Cornwall, made out his Precept for the Election of Two Members for the said Borough, and caused the same to be delivered to Matthew Wills, a Freeman of the said Borough, who had a Right to preside at the said Election, and was the proper Returning Officer; and that the Poll was duly taken before him, and the lawful Freemen of the Borough, who alone had Voices in the said Election, voted for the said Jocelyn Dean and the Petitioner, who were duly elected, and rightfully returned by the said Matthew Wills, and others,' Freemen of the said Borough, to the said Darell Tre- >

C* 1

lawney. Sheriff of the said County of and

that, under Colour of a Royal Charter, obtained but a short Time before the General Election in the Year 1774, and then attempted to be imposed on several of the ancient and the then subsisting Members of the Corporation of Hellston, against their Consent, Hugh. Rogers took on himself to act; at that Election as Mayor and Returning Officer of the said Borough, although a Majority of the existing Members of the said Corporation, at the Time of the passing of the said Charter, opposed the same in every Stage of its Progress, ;ind have not accepted, but on the contrary absolutely rejected, and still reject and refuse to act under the same; and that at the said General Election in 1774, a Return was made by the said Hugh Rogers, and another Return was executed by Richard Johns, and others, claiming a Right to vole independently of the said modern Charter; and upon that Occasion the House, in pursuance of a Resolution of the Select Committee, to whom the Merits of that Election was referred, did order the Deputy Clerk of the Crown to amend the Return, by taking off the File the Indenture of Return which was made by the said Hugh Rogers, and by

Hellfton

Election.

Dumbarton

Election.

14 70 Novembris. 1780.

annexing thereto the Indenture of Return executed by the said Richard Johns and others; and that, under the fame pretended Authority, John at the lait

General Election, took on himself to act at that Election as Mayor and Returning Officer, and tookaPoll, and admitted great Numbers of Per foils, who had no Right to vote, nor claimed any other Right than such as they pretended to derive under the said Charter, to poll for the said Thomas Lord Hyde and Lieutenant General William Evelyn, and unwarrantably made a Return of them, as Members for the said Borough, to the said Darted Trelmcney, the Sheriff, who has not only annexed to his Writ the Return so made by the said Matthew Wills and the other Freemen of the said

Borough, of the Petitioner and the said Jocelyn Dean, but has also annexed to his Writ the Return so made by the said John Hoblyn, and has sent both Returns with his Writ into the Office of the Clerk of the Crown; and that the said Darell Trelawney, the Sheriff, ought only to have accepted the Return made by the said Matthew Wills and the other Freemen, of tlfo said Jocelyn Dean and the Petitioner, and sent the fame, with his Writ, into the Office of the Clerk of the Crown; And therefore praying the House to take the Premisesinto Consideration, and to grant him such Relief as the Circumstances of the same call for and require.

Ordered That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 26th Day of January next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

And it appearing, that Two of the said Petitions so delivered in as aforesaid, and which complained of the Election or Return of a Member returned to serve for Two Places, related only to the Election for the County of Dumbarton, the said Petitions were next read, as follows:

A Petition of the honourable George Keith Jtone, Captain in His Majesty's Navy, was read; Setting forth, That at the last Election of a Representative to serve in Parliament for the County of Dumbarton, the Right honourable Lord Frederick Campbell of Ar-dincaple, and the Petitioner, were the only Candidates; and that the Majority of the Freeholders upon the old or former Roll, being in the Interest of Lord Frederick Campbell, did, upon various illegal andfrivolous Grounds and Pretences, refuse to inroll as Freeholders, or receive the Votes of, many Persons who were entitled, and claimed, to be inrolled as Freeholders, and tendered their Votes in Favour of the Petitioner, and expunged from the Roll the Names of sundry Freeholders, and relufed to receive their Votes, when tendered for the Petitioner, who by Law were entitled to have continued on the said Roll, and to have voted at the Election; and that the aforesaid Majority offreeholders on the old Roll, in the Interest of Lord Frederick Campbell, also unwarrantably and illegally inrolled, and received the Votes of others not duly qualified by Law, and not only refused or ne-gh (‘'ted to expunge the Name of the said Lord Frederick Campbell, and the Namesof other Persons, from the Roll of Freeholders previous to the said Election, which by - Law ought to have beeu expunged from the said Roll, $1

but permitted them to continue ou the Paid Roll, and to give their Votes, contrary to Law and tire Freedom of Election; and that by these, and other illegal and unwarrantable Acts and Proceedings, as well as by an unjust and unfair Partiality in the Sherit!'Depute of the said County of Dumbarton, the said Lord Frederick Campbell was declared to have the Majority of Votes at the said Election, and he has been returned as the Representative for the County of elect-

ed to serve in this present Parliament, although the Majority of those who were entitled to be on the said Roll, and to vote at the said Election, voted, or tendered their Votes, for the Petitioner; and that the said Lord Frederick Campbell was by Law nbfolutely disqualified and ineligible to represent the said County in Parliament, and that the Petitioner ought to have been returned as the Representati.ve for the County of Dumbarton, duly elected to serve in this present Parliament: And there fore praying. That he may be permitted to be heard, by himself or his Counsel, upon the Merits of the aforesaid Election, and against the Return made in Favour of the above-mentioned Lord Frederick Campbelland that the Petitioner may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House may seem proper.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 2d Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

An Amendment was proposed.to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Friday the 2d " Day of February," and inserting the Words " Tuesday the 13th Day of March," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words "Friday the 2d Day of February," stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 2d1 Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Dam- Ditto.

barton, thereunto subscribing, was also read; Setting forth, That at a Meeting of Freeholders for the County of Dumbarton, held in September last, for electing a Representative to serve in Parliament for the said County, the Right honourable Lord Frederick Campbell, and the honourable George Keith Elphitistone, were the only Candidates; and that the Poll began upon the 14th, and finally closed between Four and Five o'Clock in the Morning of the 15th of September last, when Lord Frederick Campbell was declared duly defied, and was returned, although the other Candidate, the aforesaid George Keith Elphinstone, had a clear Majority of legal

Votes; and that many undue and illegal Acts were committed previous to, and at the Time of, the said Election, and in procuring and making the Return in Favour of the aforesaid Lord Frederick Campbell, whereby the Free-

dom of Election has been violated, and an unfair Repre-fentation in Parliament of the said County obtained, contrary to the Willies and Inclinations of the Majority of the Freeholders, and to the great Hurt and Prejudice of their unquestionable Rights and Franchises: And therefore praying, That they may be permitted to be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, upon the Merits of the aforesaid Election, and against the Return made in Favourof the above-mentioned Lord Frederick Campbell j and that the Petitioners mav have fuel) Relief in the Premises as to the Home may seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Coafi-derational the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament,

the

21

Geo.

III.

-1 7

Novembris.

J5

OrVnev and

Zetland

hletfion.

Bridgewater

Hicciion.

the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counlt 1, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Confide-ratien.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for fuel) Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Then the Names oft he Places to which the Residue of the said Petitions related, were put in the Glass at the Table, and flrawn by the Clerk in the following Order:

A Petition of Charles Dundas was read; Setting forth. That at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the County and Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland, Robert Backie, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that, by the illegal and arbitrary Proceedings of the Court of Freeholders of the said County at the said Election, the Partiality of the Praefes and Clerk of that Meeting, and various Acts of undue Influence, Robert Backie, Esquire, was returned as Member to serve in t his present Parliament for the County of Orkney, whereas the Petitioner, who was elected by the Majority of the Votes of the real and legal Freeholders present at the said Meeting, ought to have been returned as Member to serve in this present Parliament for the County o and Zetland:

And therefore praying the House to take the Matter into their Consideration, and to grant such Relief as to them shall seem meet; and that the Petitioner may be heard, by himself or his Counsel.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 6th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock' in the Afternoon.

Meviorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the ioth and 11 th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the lime on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do Issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as. shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of John A cl and, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Town and Borough of in the County of Somerset, the honourable Anne Boidett, Benjamin Allen, Esquire, the honourable Charles James

Fox, and the Petitioner, wereCandidates; and that Thomas Phelps, the Returning Officer of the said Borough, acted, during the whole of the Poll, with great Partiality iowardsthe said Benjamin Alleadmitted many Per-

fons to poll for the said Benjamin Allen, who ought to have been rejected, and rejected many Voters for the Petitioner, who ought to have been admitted; and that the said Benjamin Allen, by himself and his Agents, previous to and during the Poll, was guilty of Bribery and Corruption, and of attempting to bribe and corrupt those who had a Right to vote in the said Election, and hv such, anddivers other illegal and unwarrantable Acts, has procured himself to he returned -with the said Anne Poulcll, to serve for the said Borough of in Parliament, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, and the legal Electors of the said Borough, and in Defiance of the Law and Freedom of Election: And therefore praying the VOL, 38.

House wij! lake the Premifos into Consideration, and grant him such Relief therein as shall, upon Examination, appear to be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken intoCotifi-deralion upon Friday the gth Day of February next; ,at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum: ‘

' In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 1 ith Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, oC Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied wirh Orders fog their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of John Gordon, of K Esquire, was Kirkcudbright read; Setting forth. That at the late Election of a Mem- Election. her to serve in Parliament for the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, in Scotland, the Petitioner, and Peter John Jione,

Esquire, of Carnjalloch, were Candidates; and that, at

the Election Meeting, great Partiality and Injustice were shewn by the Freeholders in thelnterefl of Mr. Johnfone, in the Choice of a Praefes and Clerk; and that, in the making up the Freeholders Roll at the said Meeting, a great many Freeholders in the Interest of the Petitioner were refilled to be inrolled, v»ho were clearly ent tled to be put upon the Roll, and others were inrolled who had no Right; and that, upon the Election, a great many legal Votes were rejected which were tendered for the Petitioner, and a great many illegal Votes were received in Favour of the said Mr. John Jione, and by which unjust Conduct, a Majority was procured in Favour of Mr.

John Jione, and he was thereupon declared to be duly elected, and has been returned, whereas the Petitioner had the Majority of legal Votes given and tendered for him, and ought to have been declared duly elected and returned: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into their Consideration, and grant him such Relief therein as the Nature of the same shall require, and the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 13th Day of February next* at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of William Craick, of Arbigland, John Ditto. Nezcall, of Barjkeoch, John Syme, of MeekleCulloch, Adam Craick, Younger, of Arbigland, Patrick Heron, of Heron,

George Maxwell, of Carruchan, William Copland, of Cob-lieston, Alexander Ferguson, of Craigdarroch, CaptamTho-mas Goldie, of Cruicks, Sir Robert Laurie, of Maxwelltoun,

Baronet, Edward Maxwell, Younger, of Cairgen, Alexander Gordon, of Culvennan, Wellwood Maxwell, of Barn-

cleugh, Alexander Gordon, of KiWilliam Maxzcell,o(Rickhorn, DavidBlair, of 11

Adam Gordon, of Garlarg, of the 81 ft Foot, Mr. John Macmurdo, of Park, Factor to his Grace the Duke of Queensberry, Benjamin Moudie, of Knocknarling, Writer in Edinburgh, John Clark of Nether Laggan, Writer in Dumfries, Robert Datzelt, of BallingAdvocate, Richard DalzelljY oun ger, of Glenae, David Cairns,

barroch, John Dalye/l, of Barncrofi, Alexander Copland, of Furlhhead, Thomas Young, of Young field, and James yell,\o\\\\goT, of Barncrojh, all Freeholders in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, was also read; Setting forth, That

the PetitionersapprehendingthatPefcrye/tn/fo/jej Esquire, of Carnjalloch, has been unduly returned as Knight of the Shire for the Stewartry or County of Kirkcudbright, in Place of John Gordon, Esquire, of Kenmore, who was the Person duly elected. and for whom the Petitioners

voted

16 7° Novembris. 1780I

voted, beg Leave to make Application to the Justice of the House for Redress; and that the Petitioners apprehend Injustice has been done in the following Particulars: 1 ft, By the Stewart Substitute of the County refusing Admittance to the Freeholders to the Place of Election as early as they were entitled by Law to af-(emble, and that for the express Purpose of serving the Interest of Mr. Johnjtone, whereby he, as Returning Officer, was guilty of gross Partiality: 2'lly, That the Majority of Freeholders who were on the Roll preceding the Day of Election did wrong, by striking One or more Persons off the Roll, whole Qualifications to Hand upon the Roll were good, because they understood that they were not in the Interest of Mr. Johnjtone, or believed them to be in the Interest of Mr. Gordon: 3<3Iy, That the Majority of Freeholders remaining on the Roll did wrong in adding to the Roll, and receiving the Votes of, sundry Persons in Favour of Mr. johnjtone, though these Persons had no Title to stand upon the Roll, or vote: 4thly, That they did also wrong in refusing to add to (he Roll, or to receive the Votes of sundry of the Petitioners, and others, when offered for Mr.

don under Form of Protest, though they had a good Title to stand upon the Roll, and vote as Freeholders: And cthly, That many of the Freeholders who voted for Mr. johnjtone were influenced by Bribery and Corruption, and other illegal Practices, and others were prevented by the same Methodsfrom giving their Votes; and that by all or some of these Means, Mr,

who had the Minority of legal Votes, was returned as Knight of the Shire aforesaid, in Place of Mr. Gordon, who had the Majority of legal and qualified Votes: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises under Consideration, and, upon their appearing to be true, to ordain the Clerk of the Crown to amend the Return of a Knight for representing the said Stewartry, by inserting the Name of the said John Gordon, Esquire, of Kenmore, therein, in Place of that of Peter,

Esquire, of CarnfaUoch.

Ordered, That the said PetiticnbetakenintoConsideration, at the same Time that the lall preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the ioth and 1 ith Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Shaftesbury A Petition of Sir George Collier, Knight, and Hans JllefUon. WintropMortimer, Esquire, was read; Setting forth,

That at the late Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of <S % a/'/on, otherwise burp, in the County of Dorset, Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Francis Sykes, Esquire, and the Petitioners, were Candidates; and that Charles Pinhorn, then Mayor of the said Borough, and acting as the Returning Officer at the said Election (and being the Steward or Bailiff and Agent of the said Francis Sykes)partially and unlawfully

admitted many Persons to poll for the said Sir Thomas Rumbold and Francis Sykes, who were not duly qualified to vote at that Election, and rejected the legal Votes of other Persons who offered to poll in Favour of the Petitioners, and the said Returning Officer acted in other Respects with great Partiality; and that the said Sir Thomas Rumbold and Francis Sykes, by themselves or their Agents, were guilty of many Act of Bribery and

*7

Corruption in tlieCourse of the said Election, whereby many Electors were influenced to give their Votes in Favour of the said Sir Thomas Rumbold and Francis Sykes-, and that, by the Means aforesaid, and by divers other corrupt and unw'arrantable Practices, the said Sir Thomas Rumbold and Francis Sykes have procured them-

selves to be unduly returned to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioners, and in Violation of the Rights of the said Borough; and that the Petitionersconceive, agreat Majority of the legal and uncorrupted Voters at the said Election polled for them, and that they were respectively duly elected, and ought to have been returned; and that the said Charles Pinhorn hath made an undue and false Return: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 16th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the ioth and x ith Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Ele&ious, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Sir John Paterson, of Eccles, Baronet, Berwick tvas read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner, and Alcxan- ^e<^on# der Renton, of Lammerton, Esquire, and Hugh Scott the

Younger, of Harden, Esquire, in the View of the late Election, did each severally offer themselves as Candidates to serve in Parliament for the County of Berwick in Scotland, and that Mr. Renlommd Mr. Scott, after having severally engaged the Votes of many of the Electors, became sensible that, if each of them continued to stand, their Numbers separately taken would be inferior to those who intended to support the Petitioner; for this Reason those two Gentlemen entered into a written Contract, or B argain, importing in Substance, That Mr. Scottfliouid bechofen Member at the then ensuing

(now lafti Election, but should, at the End of Four or a certain Number of Sessions, procure his Seat to be vacated, and thereupon Mr. Renton Ihouldbechofen in his Place; and that, in case of Mr. Renton's diving, or declining to stand, certain Gentlemen named in the Con-trad! as Guarantees thereof, should have t he Nomination ofanother Candidate in Mr. Scott's Place;" and according to these Conditions, Mr. Renton and Mr. Scott, and their several Friends, became bound to give and dispose of their Votes; which Contract was signed by the Parties, and several of their respective Voters as Guarantees:

The Contract was communicated bythefetwo Candidates to their several Friends, who acceded thereto; Mr. Renton thereupon declined handing, and it soon appeared, that by Means of this Contract Mr. Scott acquired a Superiorly in Point of Number over the Petitioner; and the Petitioner Hated in the Face of the Meeting, the Fad! as to this Bargain, which was not denied by the Parties and their Friends, who were all present, and was even acknowledged by One of the Guarantees; and the Petitioner contended that it was illegal, corrupt, incontinent with the Freedom of Elections and Constitution of Parliament, and therefore not only dilqnalifted the Electors who had acceded to it, or were influenced by it, but even disabled both Mr. and Mr. Renton from being elected; and he protested against the Validity

of

V

2X GEO. III.

7° Novembris.

of any Election |hat sfcight bd mad* of either of these Gentlemen; He objected also, and protested against, the Enrolment and Vote* of several Claimants to be enrolled, as not being duly qualified; but these Objections, which appeif at length upon the Face of the Minutes, ware over-ruled, and Mr. Scott was elected by an illegal and disqualified Majority* and was re-v turned by the Sheriff as Member for the County afore* {kid} and the Petitioner, greatly aggrieved by these proceedings, is obligerl to «p|/ly to the Suffice of the House for Redress; He hopes to make it appear that* for and upon account of the Obj</tions above-mentioned, the Election and Return of Hugh , Esquire;

was and is void, and that lie the Petitioner was duly defied by the Majority of legal and qualified Voters: And therefore preying the House to take the Premises under Consideration* and that he may be beard by his Counfe) thereupon, and may have such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-. {^deration upon Tuesday the 20th Day of February ytext, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and lith Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Election#, dr Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were lent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel* or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr, Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Amndtl A Petition of the honourable Percy Wyndham was tieSioa. read 5 Setting forth. That at the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of,

in the County of Sussex, the Petitioner, together with Sir Patrick Craufurd, and Thomas Fitzherbert, Esquire, were Candidates and that the said Sir Patrick and Thomas Fitzherbert, by themselves and their Agents, were guilty of many gross and notorious Acts of Bribery and (Corruption, whereby many of the Voters were prevailed upon to give th<*ir Votes for the said Sir Patrick Craufurd and; and by such

unlawful Means, and divers other corrupt and unwarrantable Practices of the said Sir Patrick Craufurd and Thomas Fitzherbert, their Agents and Abettors, they have procured themselves to be returned to serve for the said Borough in Parliament; and that Persons were admitted to vote at the said Election for the said. Sic Patrick Craufurd and Tlumias Filzherwho had not a Right

to vote, and the Petitioner had a great Majority of legal and uneprrupted Votes at the said EJe&ion, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House to take this Matter into Coqsideration, and to afi therein as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Confederation upon Friday the 53d Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum: .

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nlh Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

# Vqj,. $3.

*7

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifiaedrife Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of John Saunders and Alexander Hume, FAquirCs,. was read} Setting forth, That at tlr* late Election f jfMembers to serve in Parliament for th - Borough of Dvwn/om, in the County the Petitioners, and the honourable Henry Seymour Conway, and Robert Shufto, Esquire, werp the Candidates; and that the Pe itiotrtrs had a Majority of legal Von s, but the Person who acted as the Returning Officer at the said Election, took upon himself to admit several Persons to vote, under fraudulent, occasional, ti&itkm.s, and illegal Conveyances, and thereupon declared the said Henry Seymour Conway and Robert Shafto to be duly elected Members for the said Borough, contrary to the Duty of his Office, in open Defiance of the Law and Freedom of EkH ion, and in manifest Prejudice of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief therein, as-upon Examination shall appear to be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Confederation upon Tuesday the 27th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, ihade in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, Or Agents; at the Time on which the said Petition iVas ordered to be taken into Confide-_ ration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers; an Records, as shall be thought necessary by tlio several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition*

A Petition of Ajfhetm Curzon, Esquire, was read; Setting for b, That at the last Ele ion of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the B. trough of Clithero, in the County of Lancajtcri Thomas Lifter, Esqnie, John

Parker, Esquire; and the P'-titionei, offered themselves as Candidates $ and that Thomas and Richard

Edlefton, Gentlemen; Bail ffs of the said Borough, who presided as Returning Officers at the said ELction, during the Poll acted with the greatest Partiality in Favour of the said Thomas Lifter and John Parker, rejecting the Votes of many Persons who had an undoubted Right to poll, and who tendered their Votes for the Petitioner; and admitting many Persons to poll for the said Thomas Lifter and John Parker, who had no Right to vote; whereby, and by other undue Practices of the said Bailiffs, and also of the said Thomas Lifter and John Parker, and their Agents, the said John Parker obtained a Majority of Votes upon the Poll over the Petitioner, and has been unjustly returned to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, though not duly elected, and although the Petitioner had a Majority of u»-questionable legal Votes over the said Joim Parker, and ought to have been returned to serve for the said Borough; in manifest Injury to the Rights of the Electors, and in open Violation of the Law and Constitution of Parliament: And therefore praying, That the Freedodi of Election may be restored, and that he may be reeeiv-. edas duly elected, instead of the said John Parker-, and that the House will giant him such other Relief and Redress as they shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 2d Day of March next, at Three of the Qowk in the Afternoon.

T Memorandum;

Downtbft

Election.

CJrhffo

Election*

Edinburgh

Election.

Honiton

Election*

t8 70 Novembris^ lilA: 1780

*' ' 'Mcmoraitdtfm.* *V theraftlvtj a» lock, and oflbredstb'Vbte foe. tlid Pefi-

In pursuance of Two Afis, made in the toth and tioner, were rejected by the Returning Officer; by Hea- _ i ith Years of His present Majesty's Reign, tb son of which Premises, the

regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, hr cured himself to be returned bne-of. the Burgesses toi*

Ketiiriis of Members to serve in Parliament, the said Borough, to the greUUlnfury and Prejudice of the like Notices, as'in former Cafes^wc^eiTent the Petitioner,-who was, duly elected, and ought to to tire Parties; accompanied'frith Orders; fok have beeh returned with the said Sir' in the

' their Attendance, by themfeNes,; theii Connfel, Stead of the-'said AMacleod: And therefore or Agents, at the Time on which fhcS said Pet praying the House to take the Premises irfto Confide' tition was ordered to be- taken hub Confide*- -rdtion, and grant-him such'Retief therein-as to the ration. , . i "t ' JHortfe thall teem just. -]'*- J. T-

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, br - Ordered, That the said Petition betaken into Costfil Warrants, for such Persons, Papers!, aitd Records, as deration, Upon Friday tfeeqth t)ay of March next, at shall be thought necessary'by the several Parties, on the Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. '

-Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition. Memorandum .* ' Vy ' *

' - In pursuance of Two Acts, madein the ioth and

A Petition of Sir Lawrence Dundae, Baronet, was read* v: hith Years of -His present Majesty's Reign, to

Setting forth, That at the left Election of aMember to . regulate-theoTriate of controverted Elections, of

for-vein Parliament for the City of-Edinburgh, William Returns of Members-to serve in Parliament,

Miller, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates* ~ the Idee Notices*.'as informer Cafes, were lent and that by the most unprecedented-and illegal Pro- v — to the^Parties; accorttphnieU with Orders so

-ceedings of Part of the Town'Council of the City of their Attendance, by themselves, their CounfeK

Edinburgh, and of Mr. Jafeph Willikmfon, one of the or Agents, at the Time^on which the said Pe-

Town Clerics of the fstid Guy, acting as RetUthing Of- > tition was ordered* *»'Be taken into Confide-

\ficer at the fai<J EleSicm,' William^miller, JSfquire, wal ' . ration:

returned as SeprdSeotathne of the Ibid.City m Parlia- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or ment; whereas the Petitioner 'was duly elected by a Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as ‘Majority of the iegsd Bl&Stors of the said City, aid re- shall he thought necessary by the several Parties, on the lowed as thear fte-prefeotative in Parliament* but, by Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition, the Partiality of the Sheriff Depute of the County of

Edinburgh, the Return made in Favour of the Petitioner - A Petition of Sir Adam Fergnffbn, Baronet, was read; was refused to be annexed to the Writ for the said Setting forth. That at-the lad Election of a Repre- *" lo°' County: The Petitioner, therefore, being materially in- fentative to serve in Parliament for the County of Ayr, jured bythefe and other illegal Means, and undue In- "Hugh Eftjuire, Mdjor in the Regiment of

fluehce, tiled at the said Election, prays the House to West Fencibles, and the Pt-trtioner, appeared as-Cart--take the Matter into their Consideration, and to grant afidates* -and that the said Major Hugh Montgomery such Relief as shall seem meet; and that the Petitioner was declared to be electod, and was refunded by the may beheard, by liimfeif or Counsel. Sheriff according!}'; and that nevertheless the Petitioner

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Confi- was duly elected, as having a Ma jority of legal Votes, -

-deration upon Tuesdaythe 6th Day of Marchnext, at -inasmuch as several of the Persons who voted for Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. Major Montgomery bad rto -proper.Tide -to vote, or

Memorandum: were disqualified from voting; and on the other Hand,

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the ioth and many Gentlemen, who produced deur-and unexcep-i-xth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to tionable Titles, and who tendered their Votes for the regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Petitioner, were turjuftly rejected by a Majority of the Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, Freeholders actually Handing on the: Roll; who were the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent in the Interest of Major Montgomery; and that the to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for Number of Freeholders on the Roll who voted ft>t* their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, the Petitioner, joined io thofeivho, being unjuirly re-or Agents, at the Time on which the said Pe- je&ed, tendered their Votes for him, exceeds the N-uiu-lition was ordered to be taken into Confide- -ber ofthofe who voted.for-iMajor Montgomery, at least ration. when those who had no Title to vote, or were difqua-

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or lifted from voting, are deducted* from all which it is ^Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as evident that the Petitioner had the Majority of legal shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on tire Votes, and is duly elected: And therefore praying the Hearing of -the Matter of the said Petition. ‘House to find -that the Petitioner was duly elected, and

ought to have been returned, the Mbrnber to serve in APetkionof LawreiiccCVr, Esquire, was read; Setting Parliament for tha said County of Ayr; and to grant vforth. That, at the last Election of Burgesses tc serve in such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall Parliament for the Borough of Honiton, in the County seem meet. '

of Devon, Sir George Yonge, Baronet, AlexanderMadleod, Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Confi-- Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that -Aeration Upon the'-1-31(1 Day of next,

the&id Alexander Macleod was not at that Time, ner is -at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon,

he bow, ^qualified to ropresent the said Borough in Par- .

-Rameniydbr Want of a Efficient Estate, as by Law is In pursuance of Tvyo Acts; made in the ioth and required; -and moreover the said Alexander Macleod,- 1 ith Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to previous to and at the ffime of the said Election, was, *' regulate the Trials$f controverted Elections, or

.'by himself and his Agents, guilty of gross Bribery and Returns of Members to serve in Parliament,

-Corruption, giving and distributing to several of the the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were

Voters, and promising to many others of them, very sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders

-crttisiderable Sums of Money, or 'other Gifts ‘ and Re- for their Attendance, by themselves, their Conn-

w'ards, to give their Votes for him at that Election1* fel, or, Agents, at the Time on which.tl^e said

anefthat many Persons not duly qualified to vote were Petition was-ordered to he taken into Conlide-

-fldmitted to poll for the 'said Alexander Maelebdand Sqr , - - --ration. ' *

George Yonge, and fevertd>good-‘Vottee* Who tendered Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or ... ..... - i Warrants,

a t Gb6. III.

*f Novembris.

Warrants, for fnfch Persons, Wper.®, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Abingdon A Petition of Thomas JVdoldridge, Esquire, was read;

Kieaion. Setting forth. That at the Election of a Burgess to ferVe in Parliament for the Borough of in

the County of Berks, on Wednes/ai) the 6th and on Thursday the 7th Days of September la,

'6ft|uir-e, and the Petit ioner, were Candidates; and that John Harding, Esquire, Mayor of the said Borough, who presided as Returning Officer at the said Election, behaved rrrth great Partiality in Favour of the said John Mayor, Esquire, the Sitting Meniber,.by rejecting the Votes of several Persons who had an'undoubted Right of Voting, and who tendered their Votes for the Petitioner, and by admitting on the PollJi;(for the said Sitting Member, the Votes Qf several Persons who had no Right to vote, and ought to have been rejected; and that the said Sitting Member, by him.lelf, or his - Agents, previous to and at the Poll, were guilty of Bribery, and divers other illegal and unwarrantable Acts, And by fqch Means procured a colourable Majority on the Poll, to the Prejudice of the Petitioner, and the legal Electors of the said Borough: And therefore praying the Mouse to take the Premises int" Coufitieration, and to grant such Relief to the Petitioner as to the Houser shall seem m*et. '

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday tire 5th Day of December next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

' Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Afis, made in the xothand T11h Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Election.', or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were ftnt to the Parties; accompanied with Orders Ibr their Attendance, by themselves, their Cmiy-s 1 fel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ififue his Warrant, or Warrants,: for fdch Persons, Papers^ and Records, as shall be thought neceflfcry by the several Parties, on the

Adijeft

to the King.

Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Mr. de Gray reported from the Committee, appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be presented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place.; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty's most dutiful ftnd loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, return Your Majesty the Thanks of this House, for Your most Gracious Speech from the Throne. 1 We beg Leave to congratulate Your Majesty upon the safe Delivery of the Queen, and the Birth of another Prince; and to aflbre Your Majesty, that we'take a sincere Part in every Event that contributes to Your Majesty's domestic Happiness.

We acknowledge, with the utmost Gratitude, Your Majesty's condescending Goodttels," in Your Desire to meet Your Parliament at this Time, and Your Gracious Expressions of Attention and Regard to the Dif-position and Willies of Your People.

We are impressed with a due Sense of the Difficulties of the present arduous Conjuncture, when the Whole Force of France and Spain is combined and exerted to

the'dtebelllon in Your Majesty's Colonies, and dtijtbe Dominions «f-Your* Grown; and iVox. 38.

19

when it is blit too nianiifeft to all the World, that the real Views of tin's most unjust Confederacy are to give a fatal Blow to the Commerce and Power of Great Britain, in Referttmeuffbr the successfu! Efforts u hicli this Nation has so often made', to save the ^Liberties of Europe from the Ambitiou of the House of

We have ofrfcrved, with great and just Safish^tioni that Your Majesty, by the Support of t onr Parliament, and the Spirit and BraVerv of Your Fleets and^Armie^ has, under the Divine Protection, been enabled to withstand the formidable Attempts of Your Enemies; and we offer our most ebrdia! Congratulations toYoup Majesty, on she signal Successes which have attended tiledYbgress of Your Majesty's Arms in the Province

Of Georgia and Carolina, and in which the Conduct an4

Courage' of Your Majesty's Officers, and the VaTctif and Intrepidity of 'Ydur Troops, have been to, emit nently diflingtrifiied:; ' " *" ,

We confi ler Your Majesty's earnest Desire and So*. Iicitude to see the War brought to a happy ConcTufion, as 'the strongest Proof of Your Paternal Regard lor ^our People: But we entirely agre'6 with'Your Mar jesty, that safe and honourable Terms of Peace can only be fedured by such powerful Preparations and Vigorous Exertions, as shall convince our Enemies, tha$ Your Majesty and Yoqr Parliament, are united in a'firni and itedfaft Resolution, to decline mrDifficulty or Danger hi* the Defence of their Country, and for the Maintenance of their essential Interests.

We are thoroughly feufible that th°fe Ends cannot be effected without great and heavy Expence*; and we will grant Your Majesty such Supplies, as the lasting Security and Welfare of Your Kingdoms, and the Exigency of Affairs, shall be found to require:

Yoflr Aliijefiy may 'ielv, with entire Confidence, on the most zealous and aff. dlionate Attachment of Your faithful Commons to four Person, Family, and Government; and we acknowledge, with the liveliest Sentiments f Reverence and Gratitude, tlmt the constant Tenor of Your Majesty's Conduct (hews, that the Pole Olijedts of You 1 Royal Care and Concern are to pro*. mote the Happiness of Your People, and to preserve inviolate our excellent Constitution in Church and State.

The said Address being read a Second Time:

Rejoined, That this House doth agree with the-Committee in the said Address, to be on footed to His Majesty.

- Rejoined, That the said Address be prefenled lu'His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of His Majesty'3 moil honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty's Pleasure, whan He will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament; be taken into Confide* ration Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That a Message be

sent to the Queen, to offer to Her Majesty our nmft sincere Congratulations on the Birth o*'another Prim e, and on Her Majesty's hapjy Hecuvery; and the most zealous Assurances of the Duty, Gratitude, and Attachment, which this House'and this Nation owe to Her Majesty. „

Ordered, That Sir George , Mr. , the

Marquis ‘AGraham, the Lord Clive, Mr. Jown-

Jiiend, Mr. Hale, Sir Grey Cooper, Colonel Conway, the Earl of Coarlown, and Mr. do attend iter

Majesty, with tire said Message.

A Petition of John Fenton, Esquire, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That at the late Election of Burgesses to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Freston, in the County Palatine of

The King

prt«h to he considerecL

McfT ge to the Queen on me B«r h of another Prmce.

Preston

Election*

20

7* — 8° — 9® Novembris.

u4.1780.

Lane after. Sir Henry Hoghtorh, Baronet, John

Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the said Sir Henry Hoghtim and the Petitioner were duly elected Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, by a Majority of the Persons qualified to vote by the Constitution of the said Borough; notwithstanding which, Thomas Pedder, Esquire, the Mayor of the said Borough, with Thomas , Esquire, and

Thomas Briggs, Gentleman, Bailiffs of the said Borough, presiding at the said Election as Returning Officers, thought fit, contrary to all Justice and Right, and in Violation of the Condi tut ion of the said Borough, arbitrarily to admit a great Number of PeiTons to vote for the said John Burgoyne who had no Right to give their Votes at the said Election, and, under a Colour of a pretended Majority of Votes thus illegally admitted, the said Mayor and Bailiffs have unduly returned the said John Burgoyne as one of the Burgesses elected to re-

frefent the said Borough in Parliament, to the great rejudice of the Persons entitled to vote by the Constitution of the said Borough, and to the great Injury of the Petitioner, who ought to have beeu returned one of the said Burgesses: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the petitioner such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 16th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the tolh and nth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, she like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 8° die Novembris;

Anno 21* Georgii III*1* Regis, 1780.

Time

ftptttinted for receiving Addicts.

Shoteftiam

Inclosure.

The King's Speech to be considered*

Prayers.

THE Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the House, That His Majesty, having been waited upon (pursuant to the Order of Yesterday) humbly to know His Majesty's Pleasure, when be would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day at Two of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

Sir Harbord Harbord presented to the House, according to Ordar, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parishes of Sho-testiamSaint Mary, Shotefham Saint Botulph, Shofcsham All Saints, and Shotestiam Saint Martins, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration,

His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made. That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Jlefolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 90 die Novembris;

Anno 21® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker reported to the House, That the House attended His Majesty Yesterday with their Address, to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most Gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I thank you for this very dutiful Address.

I receive your Congratulations on the Increase of My Family, and on the happy Recovery of the Queen, as a Mark of your Loyalty and Affection.

I have a firm Confidence, that the Support of My faithful Commons, and the Spirit of My brave People, engaged in a just Cuufe, and fighting for their Country and their efl'ential interests, wdl, in the End, enable Me to surmount all Difficulties, and to attain the Object of all My Measures and all My Exertions, a safe and honourable Peace.

A Petition of John Frederick Kern and Nathaniel Lewis Palejke, was presented to the House, and read;

Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Garth and Mr. Elives do. prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Henry Lord Porehefter, Lord of the Manors of Highclere and Burghclere, in the County of

Southampton, was presented to the House, and rtarl; Setting forth. That there are, within the Manors and Parishes of Highclere and Burghclere aforesaid, several Open Arable Fields, and also several Commons and Waste Lands, belonging to the Petitioner and several other Persons, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Jervoise and Mr. Thistlelhweyte do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, being offered to be presented to the House, the same were delivered in at the Table.

And it appearing that One of the said Petitions complained of the Rle&ion and Return of a Member returned to serve for Two Places, the same was read in the First Place; as follows:

A Petition of Sir James Marriott was read; Setting forth. That at the latt Election gf Members to serve

- ' in

The Kinr's Answ^f to Acinus,

K<rn's

Ac.

Nat.

Hig^cJrc

Ac.

Inciolurc*

Sudbury

Eiettioiv

11 Geo. III.

9'

No^Hibf'is,

It

Plymouth

JLWtion.

in Parliament for the Boraiigh of Sudbury, iii t he County of Sttfoik, the Petitioner, John Hen ni her, j unior, Esquire,

Sir Patrick Blake, Baronet, and Philip Champion pigny, Esquire, Were Candidates; and that the said Sir Patrick Blake and Philip Champion Crefpigny, by them

selves and their Agents, tvere guilty of Bribery, and other corrupt, illegal, and unwarrantable Brattices, in order to procure themselves to be returned at the said Efr-dion; and that William the Mayor of the said Borough, who presided as the Returning Officer at the said Election, ferutinized into the Votes of all Persons who offered themselves at the said Election to poll for the Petitioner, that he, or the said Sit Patrick Blake and Philip Champion Crefpigny, or their Counsel or Agents, thought objectionable; and that he the said William Humphry Was guilty of corrupt, partial, and illegal Practices, previous to, and during the Course of, the said Election, by rejecting the Votes of several Persons who had an undoubted Right of voting, and who tendered their Votes for the Petitioner, and by admitting on the Poll, for the said Philip Champion

pignyj the Voted of several Persons who had no Right to Vote, and ought to have been rejected; notwithstanding which, at the Ciofe of the Pali, the Petitioner had a Majority of Votes, as the same were taken and admitted on the Poll by the said Mayor and Returning Officer, and such Majority was declared for the Petitioner by the Returning Officer, and he ought then to have declared the Petitioner duly elected, but, instead thereof, the said William Humphry, under a Pretence of making a farther Scrutiny into the Votes who had polled for the Petitioner, or foiiie such Pretence, and in order to give Colour to his corrupt and partial Return after' the said Election was so fclosed aS aforesaid, struck several of the Petitioner's Votes off the Poll, by which Means he left a Majority on the Poll for the said Philip Champion Crefpigny, and then returned the said Philip Cham* pion Crefpigny as duly elected, to the Prejudice of the

Petitioner, and in Violation oftlie Rights and Privileges of the Electors of the said Borough of Sudbury t And therefore praying the Hotrfe to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner Fuch Relief as to the House shall seem meet;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 20th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In purfhance of Two Acts, made in the idth and 1 ith Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the 'fime on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That M f.Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought neceflhry by the several Parties,* on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Then the Names of the Places to which the Residue of the said Petitions related, were put into the Glalsatthe Table, and drawn by the Clerk in the following Order:

A Petition of John Culme, Esquire, was read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner was a Candidate at the late Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, arid was duly elected by a Majority of the legal Voters of the said Borough, and ought to have been returned; but that Thomas Bligh Darraco Gentleman* took upon

himself to act as the Mayor and Returning Officer of the said Borough, and rejected the Votes of many Per-who offered to poll for the Petitioner, who had a Right to vote, and admitted several Persons to ^You. 38,

Vote for George Darly, fefquire* whb Were hoi legally entitled to Vote at the said Election, and did tlot return the Petitioner, but Petti rrifed the said George Darby, Esquire; and that the Proceedings of the said Thomai Bligh Darracolt at the said Election, were in every Rb-spect Unlawful* as Well as prejudicial to the Petitioner! in open Violation of the ancient Rights and Privileges of die legal Voters of the said Borough, and of the Laws for feciiring the Freedom bf Election of Members to serve in Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that he may have such Relief therein as. to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 1id Day of March next* at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition Of the Reverend John Julian, Clerk, John Crojfman, George Boushton, Thomas and Thomas Squire, Gentlemen, all legal Voters of the Borough of Plymouth, iti the County of Devon, on Behalf of themselves andmany Other Electors of the same Borbtigh, was also read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have an undoubted Right, according to ancient UsagC, to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Plymouth; and, in Consequence of such Right, the Petitioners attended at the I alt Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borbilgh of Plymouth (Sir George BrydgeS Rodney, Baronet; Sir derick Leman Rogers, Baronet, George; Esquire; and John Cultne, Esquire, be>ng Candidates) aha de-

manded their Right to vote for the said Sir Georgi Btrydges Rodney and John Culme; but that Thomai Bligh Darracolt, Gentleman, the Mayor and Returning Officer of the said Borough, would not admit the Petitioners; and a great Number of Personsthen present (who Claimed and had a legal Right to vote) to pollfor the said Sir George Brydgds Rodney and John Culme, and admitted several Persons to vote for the said Sir Frederick Leman Rogers s.nd George Darby, who were not legally

entitled to vote at the said Election, and did not return, the said Sir George Badges Rodney and John Culme, who were duly elected, and ought to have been returned, but returned the said Sir Frederick Leman Rogers and George Darby, to the manifest Prejudice of the Petitioners, and in open Violation of the ancient Rights and Franchises of the legal Voters of the said Borough* and of the Laws for securing the Freedom of Election of Members to serve in Parliaments And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that they may have Rich Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition he taken into' Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Pej tition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 1 ith Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as m former Cafes,- were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel* or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr- Speaker do issue his Warrant, of Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of the honourable Temple LuitreU, was read; Setting forth. That Thomas Hutchins Esquire,

/. Townfon, Esquire, and the Petitioner, beingCaadidates

at the late Election for Burgessesto serve in Parliament for the BorbUgh of MilbornePort, in the County of SomCrJet,

the said Thomas Hutchins Medlycott Und J. Townfon, by

G a Syftera

Ditto.

AtiiWne

Port

Election.

22

9° Novembris. . 1780.

a St'stemofCorruption dtfvised and carried on for some Time antecedent to the said Election, as well in Person as by their joint and respefiiye Agents or Managers, and by Bribery and other undue Influence, and by Attempts to bribe and corrupt those who had a Right to Vote at the said Election, did procure themselves to be elected to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough; and that the said Election came on, the Ninth Day of September kist, before George Longman and John Peckam, the Returning Officers of the said Borough, and they, or One of them, in an arbitrary and partial Manner, re-jefied.iuanv Persons having a Right and claiming to vote for the Petitioner, and admitted several Persons to vote for the faiil Thomas Hutchins and

J. Thomfonwho had no Right of voting, and struck off . from the Pull several Voters Names who had been admitted to poll for the Petitioner, in order to give a Majority to the said Thomas Hutchins and /. Town/bn,

and made a Return of them as Burgesses to serve in Parliament to the great Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in Violation, of the Rights of Elefiiou for the said Borough: And therefore praying, That the Merits of the said Election and Return may be taken into Consideration, and such Relief granted as the Nature of the same may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Confi-deration unon TueJ'day the 27th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and . 1 xf.li Years of I lis present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the T rials of controverted Elefiions, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as flia.ll be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Roxburgh A Petition of Robert Ker, of Cockertoun, Esqu ire, com-Eletfion. monly called Lord Robert Ker, was read; Setting forth. That at the Ejection of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire or County of Roxburgh, the Petitioner, and Sir Gil , Baronet, were the only Candidates; and that the Petitioner and other Freeholders insisted, that the said Sir Gilbert Elliot ought to be struck off, or not continued upon, the Roll of Freeholders of the said Shire or County, as not having a sufficient Qualification as required by Law, but the Majority of the Freeholders present refused to strike off the said Sir Gilbert Elliot, and ordered him to he continued upon the Roll; and that the same Majority refu fed to enroll several Persons as Freeholders, though legally entitled, and to receive their Votes in the Elefiion of the Commissioner, when tendered for the Petitioner, and they did enroll several other Persons as Freeholders who were not legally entitled, and received their Votes in the Elefiion of the Commissioner, when given for the said Sir Gilbert Elliotand that by such Means the said Sir Gilbert Elliot had a pretended Majority of Votes, and has been returned as the Person duly elefied to serve in Parliament for the said Shire or County of Roxburgh-, whereas the said Sir Gilbert Elliot was and is disqualified and ineligible, and the Petitioner was duly elefied by a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned as the Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the said Shire or County:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises under their Consideration, and that they would be pleased to permit him to be heard thereon by his Counsel, and give him such Red refs as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 30thDay of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Roxburgh, thereunto subscribing, was also read; Setting forth, That at a Meeting of Freeholders of the County of Roxburgh, held in October last, for elefiing a1 Representative to serve in Parliament for the said County, the Right honourable Robert Ker, of Cockertoun, commonly called Lord Robert Ker, and Sir Gilbert Elliot, of Mynto, Baronet, were the only Candidates; and that the Poll began upon the Third, and finally closed between Two and Three of the Clock in the Morning of the Fourth Day of October last, when Sir Gilbert Elliot was declared duly elefied, and was returned, although at the Time of the Elefiion he was ineligible, and although the other Candidate, the said Lord Robert Ker, had a clear Majority of legal Votes; and that many undue and illegal Afis were committed at thteTime of the said Elefiion, and in procuring and making the Return in Favour of the aforesaid Sir Gilbert Elliot, whereby the Freedom of Elefiion has been violated, and an unfair Representation in Parliament of the said County obtained, contrary to the Willies and Inclinations of the Majority of the Freeholders, and to the great Hurt and Prejudice of their unquestionable Rights and Franchises: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, upon the Merits of the aforesaid Elefiion, and against the Return made in Favour of the above-mentioned Sir Gilbert Elliot, and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House may seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Afis, made in the 10th and 1 ith Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confuler of the Motion, made Yesterday, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That His Majesty's moll Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow: Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ditto.

Supply,

.Geo. III.

16° Novembris,

V'tneris, iob die Novembris;

Anno 21* Georgii 3*" Regis, 1780*

Prayers.

Bingham QIR Edward Ajiley prefen ted to the House, accord-Indoiuxe. ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Larids within the Parish of ham ,in the County of Norfolk: And the same was re? ceived; and read the Fil'd Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bighclcre Mr. Jervoise p re fen ted to the House, according to &c. Order, a BiK for dividing and inclosing the Ope'ri hdofure. Arable fields, Comqnons, and Waste Lands, in the Manors and Parishes of and in

the County of Southampton i And the same was fe*-ceived; and read the FirdTime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Dumbarton A Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Dnm*

Ejection, barton, thereunto subscribing, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That at a Meeting of Freeholders for the County of ,held in

SeptemberJad, for electing a llepresentative to serve in Parliament for the said County, the Right honourable Lord Frederick Campbell and the honourable George Keith Elphmjlonewere the only Candidates; and that the Poll began upon the 1 pit, and finally closed between Four and Five o'Clock in the Morning of the 15th, of September lad, when Lord Frederick Campbell was declared duly elected, and was returned, although the other Candidate, the aforesaid George Keith Jtome, had a clear Majority of legal Votes; and that many undu6 and illegal Acts were committed previous to and at the Time of the said Election, and in pro* curing and making the Return in Favour of the aforesaid Lord Frederick Camp, whereby the Freedom of Efeftion has been violated, and an unfair Representation in Parliament of the said County obtained, contrary in the Wishes and Inclinations of the Majority of the Freeholders, and to the great Hurt and Prejudice of their unquestionable Rights and Francliifes: An i therefore praying, That they may be permitted to be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, upon the Merits of the aforesaid Fieftion, and against the Return made in Favour of the above-mentioned Lord Frederick Campbell; and that the Petitioners may have fitch Relief in the Premises as to the House may seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the Second Day of February next, at the same Time that the Petition of the honourable George Keith Elphinfone is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acis, made in the roth and nth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Confide^ ration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifiuc his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

America; fill to detain fa spected Person*.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for fur-Von. 38.

tiier continuing an Act, made in the Seventeenth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled; ic An Act to impower His Majesty to secure and detain Persons Charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of " High Treafou committed in any of His Majesty's Colonies of Plantations iri America, or on the High

Seas, or the Crime of Pirady," might be read.

And the same beifig read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave lie giveii to bring in d Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to impower His Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime " of High Treason, committed in any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, ax on the ,e High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy And that Sir drCy Cooper, &Ir. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Beauchamp reported from the (Committee* to whom the Petition of several of the act ing Trullees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of " Stratford upon Avon, in the county of,

.through Alcester, in the said County, and " to a Place called Bradley Brook, in the County of " Worcester; and from Alcester, through

" and Crabs Cross, in the said County of Warwick, and " through Hercell Lane and Burcptt, to The Cross of . " Hands on a Common called The Leekhay, and out of

" Hewell Lane, through Church Lane and to

" Brumfgrove, in the said County of Worcester f whose Names are thereunto subseri bed,' was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Stand* ing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's 'fable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove, the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

'A Member present informed your Committee, That the Trullees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and made great Progress in repairing the said Roads; for which Purpose a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed, and now remains due, which cannot be repaid, and the said Act effectually carried into Execution, unless the Term and Powers thereby granted be further continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Stratfordupon Avon, in the County of Warwick, through Alcester in the said County, and , to a Place

called Bradley Brook, in the County of Worcester; and from Alcester through Great Coughton and Crabs in the said County of Warwick; and through Hewell Lane and Burcott, to The Cross of on a Common called rJhe Leekhay, and out of Hewell Lane, through Church Lane and Tutnell, to Bromsgrove, in the said County of Worcester: And that the Lord Beauchamp, Sir Thomas Skipwith, Sir George Shuckburgh, and Sir Robert Latvley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Thomas Hyde, commonly called Lord Hyde, and William Evelyn, Esquire, Lieutenant General of His Majesty's Forces, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That at the last Election for Members to serve in Parliament

Stratford Upon Aron

Hellftoa

Sicilian.

Supply.

lo6 Novembris.

A. 1780.

24

liament for the Borough of in the County of

Cornwall, the Petitioners, and Philip Yorke and Jocelyn Dean, Esquires, were proposed as Candidates to represent the said Borough in Parliament; and that the Sheriff of the said County of Cornwall delivered the Precept for the'EIedlion Of Members to serve in Parliament, to Matthew Wills, one of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and refused to deliver the same to John Jloblyn, Esquire, the then Mayor of the said Borough* to whom such Precept ought to have been directed, and ‘who had the Right to preside at the said Elettion, and 'is the proper Returning Officer of the said Borough; and that the Poll was taken before the said John the Mayor of the said Borough; and a great Majority of Persons legally entitled to vote at the said Election, voted for the Petitioners, who were duly elected and rightfully returned by the said Mayor to Darell laidiiey, Esquire, the Sheriff of the said County of Cornwall; and that the said Matthew Wills took upon himself to preside at another pretended Election for the said Borough, at which he the said Matthew Wills, and also Richard Penh ale and William took upon

themselves to vote for the said Philip Yorke and Jocelyn 'Dean, and the said Matthcxo Wills, without any lawful Authority, returned the said Philip Yorke and Jocelyn Dean as Members for the said Borough, although no other Persons, save the said Matthew Wills, Richard Penhale, and William Rogers, voted for the said Philip Yorke and Jocelyn Dean, and the said Sheriff accepted and annexed the said last mentioned Return, as well as the Return made of the Petitioners by the said John Hoblyn the Mayor, to his Writ of Election, and transmitted the same to the Office of the Clerk of the Crown; and that the said Matthew WiUs, Richard hale, and William Rogers, claimed to vote as Freemen of the said Borough, pretending to have been elected to such Franchise under a Charter granted to the said Borough in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, although in Truth the said Matthew Wills, Richard Penhale, and William Rogers, were not duly elected Freemen according to the Provisions of the said Charter, but. were elected by the Mayor and Aldermen only, and in the same Manner as all the other pretended Freemen of the said Borough who claimed their Franchises under the said Charter, and who were ousted of the same by the Judgment of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, and although the Corporation created by the said Charter is dissolved: The Petitioners therefore hope, That tire House will take the Premises into Consideration, and give such Relief as the Circumstances of this same call for.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Confr-deration upon Friday the 26th Day of January next, at the fameTime that the Petition of Philip Yorke, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two A6¥s, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion made upon Wednesday last. That a Supply be granted to his Majesty; the.Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report

,-4

to the House; which lie rfead in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and id as followeth; vizi

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time; Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Cotn-mittee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning nbxt, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Elwes presented to the House, according to Or- Kem'* der, a Bill for naturalising John Frederick Kern and *c-Nathaniel Lewis Palejke: And the same was received; at‘ and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Commissioners appointed by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for exa- of Public mining, taking, and Hating, the Public Accounts of Accounts, this Kingdom, do forthwith report to this House what Progress they have made therein.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Accounts Navy for the Year 1781. with an Estimate of the Half *nd

Pay of Officers of the Navy, and such of the Officers orc|^"^3

of the Marines as were employed in the last War, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-build mgs, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty's Yards, and other extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done Upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1781, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards,

Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1781, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1781, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of His Majesty's I and Forces, and of such of the Officers of the Marines as were reduced before the last War, who are to be on Half Pay, for the Year 1781, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1781, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of Services incurred, and tiot provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House,

shewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half Years ended at the 5th Day of April 1780, and tire 10th Day of October 1780, as well of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called The Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called The South Sea Fund, as also of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called The General Fund.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's moil honourable Privy Council.

21 Geo. III. 13" Ndvembris.

Lwnce, 13d die Nov emir is 5

Aitno 21* Georgii III'11 Regis 1780.

Praters.

<YO HN Frederick Kerri and Nathaniel Lewis Patejke

J took the O aths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Accounts; The House being informed, that some of* the Com-j robibited missioners of the Customs attended at the Door; they EGoods<1,a called in; anti, at the Bar, presented to the House,

pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of prohibited India Goods imported into Saint Helen's and Private Trade Ware-house, in the Port of , from Michaelmas 1779

to Michaelmas 1780; what delivered oht for Exportation during that Period; and what remained in the said Warehouse at Michaelmas 3780: And also,

N° 1. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, imported into Leadenhall Warehouse, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1779 to Michaelmas 1780; also what exported during that Time; and what remained in the said Warehdufe at Michaelmas 1780: And also,

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in His Majesty's Warehouse in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1779; what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what renmined at Michaelmas 1780: And also,

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods, prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Warehouses in the Out Ports; at Michaelmas 1779; what havfc since been brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1780: And also,

N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Gofrds, which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at Saint Helen'S) Leadenhall, and Billiter , and the

Custom House, in the Port of , since Michaelmas

1779, in order to be dyed, giazed, and refreshed; what have been since returned, and what remained at Mi-chaelmas 1780: And also,

Russian N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Naval Stores Russia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1779 to Michaelmas 1780: And also,

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Ports of England commonly called The Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1779 to Michaelmas 1780: And also,

U hale N° 8. An Account of the Number of Ships which Fishery. have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Streights and The Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens; from whence they were fitted out, and at What Port in Great Britain they were discharged and also what Quantity of Oil or Whale Fins each Ship has imported, in the Year 1780.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon, the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred arriongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sh?tefharn A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and In cloture. Waste Lands in the Paiillies of Sliotesham Saint Mary; Shotesham Sdint Botolph, All Saints, and

sham Saint Martins, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Haroord > Harbord, Mr. Coke of , &c.: And they are to this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

maker's Chamber. to*. $8.

The Lord Beauchamp presented to the.Housej according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term of arl Act; made in the Twenty-fetenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, through Alcester in the said County; arid Feckenham, to a Place called Bradley , in the Cou nty

of Worceftei;and from Alcester, through Great Cough-

ton and Crabs Cross, in the said County of Warwick;. and through Hewell Lane and to The Cross of.

Hands on a Common called The and out of

Ilewell Lane through Church Lane and Tutnell; td Bromsgrove in the said County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, According to Order, a Bill for further continuing an Act; made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majestjr, intituled, "An Act to impower His Majesty to fee lire and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of the Crime of High " Treafdn, committed in any of His Majesty's Colonies " or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or u the Crime of Piracy;" Arid the same ivas received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning neat.

Sir George Howard acquainted the House, That the Gentlemen appointed to attend Her Majesty with the congratulatory Message of this House, had attended Her Majesty accordingly; And that Her Majesty was pleased to say,

Gentlemen,':

I very sensibly feel this additional Mark of Duty to the King; and attention to Me, from the House of Commons; for which I desire you will return My particular Thanks.

the Hoh'febeiriginformed, that Sir Guy , one of the Cdrhmissioners for examining, taking, and Hating, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " The Report of the Cotnmifsioners for examining, taking, and stating, the Public " Accounts of this Kingdom, to the honourable the u Hotife of Commons, in pursuance of an Order dated the loth Of November 1780."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read;

The said Paper is as followeth; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizerti, and Burgesses; in Parliament assembled.

In obedience to an Order of this honourable House; bearing Date the 10th November Instartt, " That the " Commissioners appointed by an Act, passed in the last " Session of Parliament, for examining, taking,- and stating, the Public Accounts of this Kingdom, do forth-' with report to this House what Progress they have 41made therein ;"

We report. That as soon as the Act, by which we were conllituted, was passed, and a proper Place for our Reception could bfe provided, we entered upon the Execution of the Act; and after the necessary Arrangements of Office, and Forms of Proceeding, were settled, we ini the first Place, in Obedience to the express Oireftiotis of the Act; made use of all the necessary Means for coming at a Knowledge of the Names of all Person'g in' the Receipt of Public Money, or to whom Public Money unaccounted for had been issued, that we might dill i*et

Stratford upon Avon Road*;

America j Bill

to

fulprfled

Personw

The Qaefn'i Answer to congratulatory Message.

Report

of the

Commission^rt

Of

Public

Account*.

Cricklade

Eie&ion.

16 130 Novembris. A. 1780.

rest Precepts for an Account of the Balances in their Hands, in order to examine what Part thereof might ite applied to the Public Service.

From Time to Time, as such Information( not procured without Difficulty, nor without Delay) has been obtained, we have issued Precepts in Confluence thereof, to which, for the most Part, Returns have been made. We have received Accounts of the Balances in the Hands of the Receivers General of the Laud Tax, and of the Representatives of those who are dead; of the different Treasurers, and Representatives of Treasurers, of the Navy, whose Accounts are unsettled; of the different Paymasters, and Representatives of Paymasters, of His Majesty's Forces, whose Accounts are unsettled; and of various other Classes of Public Accountants: Reports of which wall be made to His Majesty, and to both Houses of Parliament, in pursuance of the Directions of the Act, as soon as such Examinations have been taken as are necessary to enable us to judge what Part of those Balances may be immediately taken out of the Hands of the Public Accountants, and applied to the Public Service.

We began thefeEnquiries with the Receivers General of the Land Tax, of whom we have examined as many as we thought necessary, not only as to the Public Money ito their I lands, but also as to the Mode of collecting, receiving, paying in, and accounting for, the Taxes received by them. Upon the First Part of this Enquiry, "namely, as to the Public Money in their Hands, we are preparing a Report, which we hope will be soon ready to be p relented.

As the Excise is one of the most considerable Branches of the Public Revenue, we have examined several of the Officers in its different Departments, as well to be informed of the Mode and Manner in which it is collected and paid in, as to enable us to judge with what comparative Expence, Efficacy, and Dispatch, the Land Tax is collected and paid into the Exchequer.

The Returns of Balances from the Treasurers of the Navy* whose Names as Public Accountants (land first in the General Certificate of Accounts depending in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest, are now under our Consideration. We have examined the Right honourable Earl Temple, Represen tat ive. of the late George Grenville, Esquire; the Right honourable Lord Viscount Barrington; the Right honourable the Lord Viscount Howe; S«r Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, Representative of the late Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet; and the Right ho-. nourable Welbore Ellis; and we are now collecting such other Information as may enable us to report upon the Balances respectively in their Hands.

In the Execution of the Trust veiled in us, we have proceeded with as much Expedition as we found consistent with the Difficulty and Importance of the Objects before us, and an exact and impartial Attention to the Interests of the Public, and the Rights of Individuals.

A Commission of Accounts, to the Extent and for the Purposes expressed in the Act, is not an ordinary Institution; and we have been obliged to content ourfeives with the Suggestions of our own utiderstandings, unaffifted either by the Lights of our Ancestors or the Experience of Cotemporaries. A Reference to the Mi-mutes of our Proceedings will, if called for, shew that we have at Least been diligent and persevering.

Office of Public Accounts, Guy Carleton, (L. S.)

Bell Yard, Temple Bar, T. Anguish, (L. S.)

13th November 1780. A. Piggott, (L. S.)

Richd Neave, (L. S.)

Sam1 Beachcroft, (L. S.)

Geo. Drummond, (L. S.)

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Fable, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of Samuel Petrie, Esquire* was delivered in

at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the late Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, Paul Ben-field, Esquire, John Macpherson, Esquire, and the Petitioner were Candidates; and that, previous to, and during and after the Poll, the said Paul Bet field and John Macpherson, by themfel vesand their Agents, were guilty of many gross and notorious Acts of Bribery and Corruption, whereby many of the Voters were influenced to give their Votes for the said Paul Bcnfield and John Mac* pherjbn, and did, by themselves or their Agents, entertain and allow'to the said Electors who had a Right to vote in the said Election, Money, Meat; Drink, Entertainment, or Provision, and by such unlawful Means, and by the Threats and Prornifes, and divers other corrupt and unwarrantable Practices and Proceedings, of the said Paul Bcnfield and John Macpherson, their Agents and Abettors, they have procured themselves io be unduly returned to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough, to the manifest Injury of the Pet?* tioner, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the said Borough, and of the Commons of Eng/a?id; and that the Returning Officer, during the Conrfe of the said Election, admitted many Persons to poll for the said Paul Bcnfield and John Macpherson who were not duly qualified, and rejected the legal Votes of other Persons who tendered their Votes in Favour of the Petitioner; and that the Petitioner conceives he had a great Majority of the legal and uncorrupted Votes at the said Election; and wTas duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant unto the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 3d Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum;

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 1 ith Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections,v or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were font to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken intQ Confederation.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of the Right honourable the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, of the City of Edinburgh, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That at the 1 aft Election of a Member to serve in Parliament, for the City of Edinburgh, Sir Lawrence Dundas, Baronet, and William Miller, Esquire, were Candidates; and that, by themost unprecedented and illegal-Proceedings of Part of the Town Council, and One of the Town Clerks of the laid City, acting as ReturningOtticer at the said Election, William Miller, Esquire, w?as returned as Representative of the said City in Parliament, whereasSir Lawrence Dundas, Baronet, wasduly elected and returned by a Majority of the legal Electors of the said City, but, by the Partiality of the Sheriff Depute of the County of Edinburgh, the Return made in Favour of the said Sir Lawrence Dundas was refused to be annexed to the Writ for the said County: The Petitioners therefore, being materially injured by these and other illegal Means, and undue Influence, in their juit Rights and Privileges, pray the House to take the Matter under their Consideration, and to grant such Relief as foal! seem meet; and that the Petitioners may be beard, by themselves or Counsel.

Ordered

Edinbuf^H

Hied

a i Geo. III. 130 — 140

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Confi-derat ion upon Tuesdaythe 6th Day of March next, atthe

same Time that the Petition of Sir Lawrence Baronet, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two A6)s, made in the ioth and nth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were feat to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

The Order of the Day being read; fepplj- The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord re ported from the Committee, That theyhad Clime to several Resolutions; which they haddireCied him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 14*

Anno 2t° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1780, Prayers.

Hishelere, A BILL for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Sec. il Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Ma-Icdofore. nors an(j parj(hes of H and Burghclere, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jervoise, Sir Edward AJlley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Novembris, 27

A Petition of the Manufacturers, Tradesmen, Me- Debtoi*. chanics, Mariners, Farmers, and others, confined for Petitions. Debt in His Majesty's Gaol the Castle of Lancaster:

And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in Saint:

Thomas Ward, in the County of Devon: And also,

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty's Gaol at Chelmsford, in the County of Essex:

Were severally prefen ted to the H >use, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections arid Returns, being offered to be presented to the House; the same were delivered in at the Table: And the

Names of the Places to which the said Petitions related, were put into the Glass at the Table, and drawn by the Clerk in the following Order; viz.

A Petition of John Buller, Esquire, was read; Setting Saltash forth. That at the late Election for Members to serve in Elc&ioii; Parliament for the Borough of Saltq/h, in t he County of Cornwall, the Petitioner, Sir William James, Baronet, the Right honourable Charles Jenkinson, and Sir Grey Cooper,

Baronet, were Candidates; and that Mr. Robert,

the Mayor and Returning Officer for the said Borough, behaved himself with Partiality in Favour of the said Charles Jenkinson and Sir Grey Cooper, by rejecting the Votes of several Persons who had an undoubted Right of voting, and who tendered their Votes lor the Petitioner and Sir William James; and by admitting on the Poll for the said Charles Jenkinson and Sir Grey Cooper, the Votes of several Persons who had no Right to vote, and ought to have been rejected; and that thereby a Majority of Votes was improperly received on the Poll for the said Charles Jenkinson and Sir Grey Cooper, and they were returned as duly elected, to the Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the Electors of the find Borough of Salta/h

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall feejtri meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 6th' Day of next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon,

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the ioth and u th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to'

regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders, for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was Ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue Iris Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Hi«gham A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and laclosure. Waste Lands within the Parish of in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward AJlley, Sir Harbord Harbord, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

' A Bill for naturalizing John Frederick Kern and haniel Lewis Palcjkc, was read a Second Time.

‘ Mefolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes, Sir Thomas Skipwith, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Joshua Manger, Esquire, on Behalf of himself and John Adams, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That at the last r le&ion of Members for the Borough and County of the Town of Poole, Joseph Gulson, Esquire, William Morion Pitt, Esquirfe,/o/x« Adams, Esquire, and the'Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the Inhabitants, Housholders within the said Borough and County, paying Scotland hearing Lot, have a Right to vote for Members to serve in Parliament; and that a Majority of Persons so qualified, duly rendered their Votes'at the Poll in Favour of the Petitioner and the said John Adams, but were rejected by the Returning Officer, whereby a Majority of Votesappeared upon the Poll in Favour of the said Joseph Gulston and William

Mo r top

Poole

Election*

A

Poole

Election*

Account of Exchequer Bilb.

a 8 r 40 — i 50 Novemhris.

A. 1780;

" vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Eighty."

Ordered; That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account of fcount of the Monies raised at the Receipt of the Exche- Exchequer quer, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of an s‘ Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of " One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned and to whom the same were iflfued.

Morton Pitt, who were accordingly returned, although the Petitioner and the said John Adams were duly elected by a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House, on behalf of the said John Adams and himself. That they will be pleased to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the ioth Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afterrioon.

A Petition offeveral Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants and Housholders; and also paying Scotland bearing Lot, within the Borough and County of the Town of Poole, in Behalf of themselves and others, in like Manner Inhabitants and Hbulbolders within the same, was also read; Setting forth, That on the qth Day of the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said. Borough came on; and that Joseph Gulston, Esquire, William Morton Pitt, Esquire, Joshua Esquire, and John Adams, Esquire, Were Candidates at the Election; and that Joseph Garland, Elqttire, Sheriff

of the said County, and Returning Officer of the said Borough, presided at the said Election, and die wed great Partiality in Favour of the Sitting Members; and that the Petitioners, and many others duly qualified, as well by the General Laws and Custohis of the Land, as by the particular Constitution of the said Borough, being Inhabitants and Housholders within the same, and also paying Scotland bearing Lot, offered to give their Votes in Favour of Joshua Mauger and John Adams, Esquires, but were illegally rejected and prevented by the said Joseph Garland, Sheriff and Returning Officer; and that the Votes of the Petitioners, and many others in the same Interest, being thus illegallytejefted, on calling up the Poll there appeared a Majority of Votes in Favour of the said Joseph Gulston and William Morton Pitt; whereas the Nurhber of Votes for the said Joshua Mauger and John Adams would have far exceeded the Num-

ber of those for the said Joseph Gulston and William Morton Pitt, had the Petitioners, and many others claiming a Right to vote, not been rejected, as above: And therefore graying, That, as their Freedom of Election hath' been taken away, and manifellly violated, by the above Measures used by the said Sheriff, the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and restore to them and others, in like Mail her the Inhabitants and Hous-holders within the said Borough and County, their Rights, as Electors, of eluding their own Members) and give the Petitioners such other Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Coiili-deration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the ioth and 1 ith Years of His prefCnt Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament; the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, Or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Confide-deration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Ordered, That there be laid before thisHotlfe, an Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Ser- ' r4

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

That Ninety Thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, including Twenty thousand Three hundred and Seventeen Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Ninety thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, includiilg Ordnance for Sea Service;

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Jtefolvedi That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Ways resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, an<i Mtan*. to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 15° die Novembris;

Anno 21® Georgii III*11 Regis, 17S0;

Praters.

THE Lord Hinchingbrbok reported to the House, That their Address of Friday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the Estimates, Lift, and Accounts therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

A Petition of the unhappy Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty's Gaol at ,in the County of Kent: And also,

A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors confined in His Majesty's Gaol at Chelmsford, in the County of Essex: And also,'

A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors, Prisoners in His Majesty's County Gaol at Aylesbury, Bucks: And also,

A Petition of the unhappy Prisoners for Debt in His Majesty's Gaol of Newcastle-upon-Ty And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt within the County Gaol of Salop:

Werfe severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table

Mr.

Answer to Adtlrefs

for Estimates* &c.

Debtors

Fe;iik>ns.

2i G&o. III. 15* Novembris. 29

Krm's, Mfi FJxAet reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing John Frederick Kern and thartiel Lends Palrjke; was committed - That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ciilham A Petition of fevepl Trustees appointed to put in Fyfield Execution an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of Rgatfc the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second* intituled. " An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers

granted by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the " Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads " leading from Henley Bridge in the County of

" to Dorchester Bridgei and from thence to Culham " Bridge, and to a Place called , in the Road

" lending to Magdalen , in the said County, and for widening the said Roads; and also for repairing * and widening the Roads leading from the End of * -Oldham Bridge next to , in the County of Ox-

ft>rd, to the End of Burford Bridge next to,

" in the County of Berks, and from The Mayor's Slone at the End of the Boar , in the Town of

l* don aforesaid, to Shippon in the said County of Berks,

and from thence to the West End of the Town of Fy-"field, in the same County," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied according to tneDi-rbftions of the said Acts; but the Money borrowed as aforesaid cannot be repaid, and the Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acte are enlarged; and that the Petitioners apprehend the said Roads might be kept in better Repair, if separate Trustees were appointed for the Care of each District of Roads, and the said Districts made separate and inde-

fendent of each other: And therefore pray ing, That eave may be given to bring in a Bill lor continuing the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of the said Acts, so fur as relates to the District of the said Reads leading from the End of Culham Bridge next to Culham the County of Oxford, to the End of Burford Bridge next to Abingdon, in the County of and from The Mayor's Stone at the End of the Boar Street, in- the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to Shippon in the said County of Berks, and from thence to the West End of the Town of Fyfield, in the same County, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the Houl'e:

And it is referred to Mr. Elives, Mr. Powney, See.: And they are'to meet To morrow Morning, at Niue of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Shotefhams

icdofiire.

A Petition of some of the principal Owners and other Proprietors of Lands and Tenements in the Parishes of the Shoiejliams, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parishes of Sholefham Saint Mary, Shotefham Saint Botolph, Shote/ham All Saints and Sho-tesham Saint Martin, in the County of Norfolk, has been brought into Parliament by the Lord of the several Manors of the Sholeshams aforesaid, at whose foie In-

ftigation it was first moved; and by whose eager Solicitations all the Signatures have been procured which appear to give a Sanction to it; and that the funda* Principle of the said Bill is manifestly to subject 38.

the Property of this other Owners, and the Allotments for the poor Inhabitants, to the uncontroulable Will and Pleasure of the said Lord, and, if palfed into a v

Law, would be highly injurionsto the Petitioners Rights ftnd Properties, and add grievous Oppression to the present Necessities of the poor Inhabitants of the said Parishes: And therefore praying. That they may be indulged with the Opportunity of laying their Objections to the several Clauses in the said Hill, by their Counsel, before the House, not doubting but such Ob-jeftions will be duly weighed, and that the Complaints of the Petitioners will be full v red relied.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, Upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to he heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the (Riot*.! last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to pre- Preventing " vent any Mischief or Inconvenience which may arise " to Sheriffs, Gaolers, Suitors, Prisoners, or others, by sheriffs &c. the Prisoners in several Gaols in the Counties of dlesex and Surrey, and the City of London, having " been set at Liberty during the late Tumults and Insurrections," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill so extend the Provisions contained in the said Act: And that Mr. Attorney General and Mr. Solicitor General do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Patrick Graeme of , Thomas _ .

Dundasof Fingnjk. George HaldaneoiGhuecgles, Robert

Laing, James Riddoch, Captain J< hn Traill, ami Thomas Zetland Traill, Barons and Freeholders of the Counts and Ste- Election. waitiy o i Orkney and Zetland, was delivered in at the

Table, and read; Setting forth. That at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said County and Stesvartty, by the arbitrary and illegal Proceedings of those calling the mf'-lyes the Majority of the Court of Freeh ..filers and the Partiality of the Praefes and Clerk of the said Meeting, the Names of Persons, legally difipial.tied from being Barons and Freeholders of the fair; County, were allowed to remain on the Roll of the Names of the Barons and Freeholders; that the Names of other Persons, who were not legally qualified to he Freeholders, were admitted on the Roll, and did illegally and improperly exercise the Privileges of Freeholders at the said Deft ion; that the legal and just Claims of oi her Persons, to have their Names infected in the Roll of Freeholders, were rejected, and that these.

Claimants, notwithstanding their legal and properQua-lifications to be inrolled, were refused the Privilege of giving their Votes in the Court of Freeholders of the said County and Stewartry; I y which, and by other undue Means, and arbitrary Proceedings, an apparent Majority of Votes of the Freeholders on the Roll thus made up, was obtained for Robert Esquire, of

Tankemefs, to be the Commissionerto ftrve in this present Parliament for the said County and Siewartiy; whereas the Petitioners appif head, that if the Names of Persons legally disqualified from being Freeholders of the said County and Stewartry had no. been allowed to remain on the Roll, and that the Names of other Persons who were not legally qualified to be Freeholders had not been admitted on the Roll, and illegally" exercised the Privileges of Freehold* rs at the said Election, and the Petitioners had been permitted (<ts they were by Law entitled) to give their Votes, and exercise the Privileges of Freeholders of the said County and Stewartry, the Majority ot legal Votes of the Free-

1 holders

3o

15 ° Novembris. A. .1780.

holders were in Favour of Charles Esquire,

who ought to have been returned (he being the Person duly elected) to serve in Parliament as the Repiefenta-tive of the County and Stewa^try of Orkney and Zetland: The Petitioners, therefore, being materially injured by the illegal Means and undue Influence used to gain an apparent Majority in Favour of the said Robert Backie, Esquire, and many of them being refused the Exercise of the Privileges to which, as Freeholders, they are entitled by Law, pray tire House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to grant such Relief as they shall think fit; and that the Petitioners may be heard by themselves, or their Counsel, in Support of the Fasts above set forth.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 6th Day of February next, at tire same Time that the Petition of is ordered to be takeu into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Pe-. tit ion was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or. Warrnnts, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Several other Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, being offered to be presented to the House.} the same were delivered in at the Table: And the Names of the Places to which the said Petit ions related, were put into the Glass at the Table, and drawn by the Clerk in the following Order; viz.

®k?k«npton Petition of Charles Philip Jennings, Esquire, was oa'read; Setting forth, That at the last General Election for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Okehampton, in the County of Devon, Richard Vernon, Humphry Minchin, Richard IJeavyJide, Esquires, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the said Richard Vernon and Humphry Minchin were, by themselves, or their Agents, previous to, and at the Time of, the said Election, guilty of many Acts of Bribery, by giving and distributing to several of the Voters, and promising to many others of them, pecuniary or other Gifts and Rewards, to give their Votes at that Election; and that the Conduct of the Mayor, who took upon bimfdf solely to act as the Returning Officer at the Election, was flagrantly partial in Favour of the said Richard Vernon and Humphry Minchin, by admitting great Numbers of Persons who had no Right of voting to poll for them, and rejecting many good Votes, W'ho tendered themselves as such, and offered to poll for the Petitioner, and for illegally returning the said Richard Vernon and Humphry Si inchin, who, by the M cans aforesaid, and by other undue Methods and Influence, procured an illegal Majority of Votes, to the Prejudice and Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned one of the Burgesses to fit in Parliament for the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant him such Relief therein as shall be just.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 24th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words the 24th Day of " April next/' and inserting the Words " Sevennight, 16

" the 28th Day of this Instant instead

thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words "the " 24 th Day of April next," Hand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " Sevennight, the 28 th Day of this Instant be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 28th Day of this -Instant November, atThree of the Clockin the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the loth and nth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament,.

the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be takeu into Confide-, ration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or -Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as. shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Robert Fofer, Esquire, was read; Set-- Newark ting forth. That at the last General Election for Mem- upon Trent bers to serve in Parliament for the Town of Newark Election. upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, the Petitioner, and the Right honourable Lord George Sutton, and the honourable Sir Henry Clinton, were Candidates;

and that the said Lord George Sutton and Sir Henry Clinton severally, by themselves, or their respective-Agents, before and at the Time of the said Election, and during the Poll, were severally guilty of Bribery at the said Election, by giving Money, Meat, Drink,-Entertainment, or Provision, and by Promisesand Engagements to allow Money, Meat, Drink, or Entertainment, to the Eltclors of the said Borough; and that many Persons w'ho had no Right were admitted to vote, for the said Lord George Sutton and Sir Henry Clinton, and several others who had a Right, and would have given their Votes for the Petitioner, were rejected; and that by thefeand other indirect illegalMeans, and undue Influence, a Majority of Votes was obtained upon the Poll for the said Lord George Sutton and Sir Henry Clinton, and they were returned as Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, whereas the Petitioner had a Majority of legal, uncorrupt, and uninfluenced Votes, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confi-, deration, and to grant him such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration, upon Tuesday the 24th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Maj< fly's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elen ions, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on ti.e Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Mr

2i Geo. Ill*

i g0 — 16° Novemhris.

3*

(Riots.)

Preventing

L~iilCt to

S^criiTs,

&c.

Supply.

Moos.

Mr. Attorney General pfefentad to the House, according to Order, a Bill to extend the Provisions contained in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, " An.A6l to prevent any Mischief or " Inconvenience which may arise to Sheriffs, Gaolers, "Suitors, Prisoners, or others, by the Prisoners in " several Gaols in the Counties of Middlesex and " rev, and the City of Londhaving been set at " Liberty during the late Tumults, and Insurrections:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further, of the Supply granted to His Ma-.jessy,.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- ' ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply grauted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Old took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Me, Ord reported from the Committee, That they ‘ had come to several Refutations.; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was -directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again. '

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply, granted to His Majesty.

~ And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovts, 16° Novembris;

Anno 2i* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1780. Prayers.

A PETITION of the unfortunate Debtors, confined in His Majesty's Gaol at Chelmsford, in the County of Eff'ex: And also,

A Petition of the Tradesmen, Farmers, Artificers, and Labourers, confined for Debt in the County Gaol of Stafford:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Jh*ftefhury A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Bo-fcJe&ion. rough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That at the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise in the County of Dorset, Si r George Collier, Knight, Han$

timer., Esquire, Sir Thomas Baronet, and Francis

Sykes, Esquire, were Candidates; and that Charles Pin-horn presidedas Returning Officer, being Mayor of the P^^jiq.<£^hewed great Partiality in Favour of

Petitions.

the Sitting Members, by receiving oh the Poll many Votes in their Favour, which ought to have been rejected, and by rejecting many good Votes which were tendered for Sir George Collier and Hans Wintrop Mortimer, and ought to have been received; and that, by such Behaviour in the Returning Officer, as well as by Bribery, and other illegal and corrupt Practices, of the said Sir Thomas Rumbold and Francis Sykes, or their Friends and Agents* the Return of the said Sir Rumbold and Francis Sykes was procured, in manifest Violation of the Rights of Election, and to the Prejudice of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners conceive a great Majority of the legal and uncorrupted Voters at the said Election polled for Sir George Collier and Hans Wintrop Mortimer, that they were respectively duly elected, and ought to have been returned, and that the said Charles Pinhorn hath made an Undue and false Return: And therefore praying the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as to the House thall seem meet*

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 16th Day of February next, at the same Time that the Petition of Sir George,

Knight, and Hans Wintrop Mortimer, Esquire, is or- dered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 1 ith Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought uecessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Several other Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, being offered to be presented to the: House; the same were delivered in at the Table: And the Names of the Places to which the said Petitions related, were put into the Glassat the Table, and drawn by the Clerk in the following Order;

A Petition of Christopher Potter, Esquire, was read; Setting forth. That at the latt Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cambridge, Benjamin Keene, Esquire, James Warwood Adeanc, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that, after the ordering of the Writ of Summons to Parliament, the said Benjamin Keene, by himself or his Agents, did give and allow to divers Persons, having Votes in such Election, Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Provision, and did make Promises to give or allow" Money, Meat, Drink, Provision, and Entertainment, to divers Persons having Votes in such Election, in order to procure himself to be elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that, by Means of the aforesaid, and divers other corrupt and illegal Practices, the said Benjamin Keene did procure himself to be returned, together with the said James Wancood Adeane, a Member for the said Borough, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, who, without such corrupt and illegal Prao* tices, would have had a Majority of Votes for the said Borough: and therefore praying. That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioner such Relief as shall be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 27th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th an4 11th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to

regulate

Cambridge

Election.

Ivelchester

£lection.

32 16° Noventbr1780.

regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, Were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered' to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of certain Electors of the Borough of l'vclchester, in the County of , whose Names

are thereunto fublbribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Electors of the said Borough, was read; Setting forth. That soon after the Dissolution of the late Parliament, a Precept was iflned, by the High Sheriff of the said County of Somerset, to William the Return-

ing Officer of the Borough of Ivelchester, directing him to cause Two Burgesses to be elected, to serve in the present Parliament for the said Borough; and that the said Returning Officer proceeded to the Election without giving Four Days Notice, as required by Law, and thereby surprized the PetltiOneris, and deprived them of the Benefit of offering their Votes when such EJe&ion might have been legally held; and that the said Returning Officer, in Consequence of such pretended Electien, did return Peregrine Cujl and Samuel Smith, Esquires, as Burgesses duly elected to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough, in Violation of the Rights, and to the manifest Injury, of the Petitioners, and others, the legal Electors; and that the said Peregrine Cust and Samuel Smith have, by themselves or Agents, for a considerable Time past, carried on a System of Bribery and Corruption, in a moll gfofs and extraordinary Manner, by giving, or causing to be given, large Sums of Money to a great Number of the Voters, in order to procure themselves to be elected for the said Borough; and have also given, or caused to be giVen and allowed. Money, Meat, Drink, and Entertainment, to many of the said Voters, in open Defiance of Law, to the Prejudice of the Freedom of Election, and to the great Detriment of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the PremisesintoConsideration, and to grant such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tt rtf day the ill Day of May uext, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the iotli and nth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, ot Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the Houseypur* Army suant to their Address to His Majesty, E innate*

Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's I and Forces in Great , in-

cluding those in Guernsey and Jersey, from 25th December 1780 to 24th December 1781, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1781:

And also,

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, Africa, and the East Indies, including those in Garrison at Minorca and for the

Year *781.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the Foreign Troops id the Pay of Great Britain, pru suant to Treaties, for the Year 1781: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Artillery for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, purl'uaut to Treaties, for the Year 1781; And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain, and of Four Regiments of Fencible Men in North Britain, from 25th December 1780 to 24th December 1781, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Cloathing for the Embodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year 1781.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

s

ESTIMATE-

21 Geo. III.

16° Novembris.

33

ESTIMATE, of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, including those in Guernftyand jerjty, from 25th December 1780 to 24th December 1781, both inclusive; being 365 Days.

H

urfe.

Dragoons.'

Light

Dragoons.

TirdTmop of Ilorfe Guards Second Ditto -

First Troop of Grenadier Guards -Second Ditto -

Litoyal Regiment of Ilorfe Guards

First Regiment of Dragoon Guards Second Ditto -

Third Ditto -

Earl of Pembroke's Dragoons Earl of Panmure's

Lord Southampton's

Lieut. General Carpenter's -Lieut. General JohuJione's Sir Henrp Clinton's -Lieut. General Pitt's Lieut. General Joh<

"General Elliott's Colonel Hareourt's -Major General Ms

Major General Phs -

Major General Douglas's Lieut. Colonei Hols

Major Lijler's Corps -

Foot

SFirft Regiment of Foot Guards Cold dream Regiment D°

Third Regiment D° --Duke of Argyll's Foot, 2d Battalion Lieut. General s Regiment -Sir William Bo

Lieut. General Sand ford's Lieut. General

Sir John Sebright's -

Lord George Lennox's -

Lord Adam Gordon's Lieut. General J lav Hand's - *

Lieut. General c

Sir Thomas WilJ'on's

Lieut. General Tnipaud's 1 Sir David LindJ -

Major General s

Major General Morrison's Earl of Seaforth's -

Colonel Scott's -Colonel Reid's -

Lieut. Colonel Whyte's Colonel Stanton's -

Lieut. Colonel FuUarton's Major General Rainsford's -Lieut. Colonel Humberstone's Sir Thomas Egerton's Corps -Earl Favconberg's Regiment -Lieut. Colonel North's Corps Hjle of Man Corps -

Foot.

Invalids.

J Lieut. General Wren's Regiment -t Thirty-six Independent Companies

Garrisons with Fire and Candle Contingencies upon Account

War-Office,

16th November 1780.

.* 30,

Total

C. Jenkinson.

Numb s« Pay for the Troops and Regiments for 365 Days.

- 181 17,605 3 4

- 181 - i7>^0.) 3 4

- »74 - 10,870 18 4

- *73 - 10-743 3 4

- 3l9 - 26,054 18 4

t no Q

- 427 - 21,528 18 4

- 286 - 14,685 3 4

286 - 14,685 3 4

- 286 - 14,685 3 4

- 286 - 14,685 3 4

- 287 - 14,730 15 10

- 286 - 14,685 3 4

- 286 - 14,685 3 4

- 286 - 14,685 3 4

- 286 - 14,685 3 4

286 n „ 0 0 14,685 3 4

3,2DO

- 412 - 19,037 *5 10

412 I9>°37 15 10

412 - 19,037 15 10

412 I9»°37 r5 10

- 412 - ,9,037 15 10

- 275 - 12,604 13 4

" 207 - 9-433 *4 7

2^54 2

2.033 - 52,064 4 2

- G305 - 33,668 4 2

" L305 33,722 19 2

- 991 - 18,119 4 2

991 - 18-374 M 2

991 - 18,374 14 2

- 823 - 16,330 14 2

- 991 18,374 14 2

991 - 18,374 14 2

991 - \ - 18,374 14 2

- 823 - 16,330 14 2

- 823 - 16,330 14 2

- 823 - 16,330 14 2

- 99 - 18,374 14 2

- 823 - 16,330 14 2

- 991 - 18,374 14 2

- 823 - 16,330 14 2

- 1,020 - 19,308 10 —

- 1,168 - 20,604 . 5 —

1,169 - 21,042 5 — -

- 827 - 15,472 19 2

- 827 - 15,308 14 2

- 827 - 15,472 19 2

- 1,168 - 20,604 5 —

827 - 15472 19 2

- 1,108 - 20,604 5 —

- 496 - 9,277 1 8

- S27 - T5>472 *9 2

- 414 - 7n*5 ‘9 2

- 34^ 28,595 6,077 5 —

9°5 - 13.949 1 8

" 3»3°8 - 48,657 lO IQ 4

4,2 1 3

- - 32,218 l6

20,000

- 39,666: - - &

TOTAL.

82,87<y 6 8

168,126 4 %

1x7,227 7 1

566,416 2 6 62,606 12 6

52,218 16 —

*>049,774 8 11

ESTIMATE

34

16° Novemb

A\ 1780.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the General and General Stall Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 17S1-

General and General Staff Officers -

War-Office,

16th November 1780.

Total for 365 Days.

- 42,927 16 —

C. Jenkinson.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, Africa, and the East Indies, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from 25th December 1780 to 24th December 1781, both igciufive; being 365 Days.

Lent. Gen. Prefion's Regiment of Light Dragoons

Detachment of Foot Guards, exclusive of Officers

Royal Regiment of Foot, 1 ft Battalion -

Major General Styles's Regiment of Foot

Major General Prescott's -

Lieut. General Armstrong's -

Earl Ligonier s ——

Lieut. General Murray's -

Major General Faucitt's - -

Major General Robert/bn's -

Lieut. General Monckton's '

Lieut. General Gnome's -

Lieut. General Parker's -

Lieut. General Mackay's -

Lieut. General Gage's -

Sir William Howe's -

Lieut. General Tayler's -

Major General Majjey's -

Major General Grey's ——

Lieut. General Evelyn's.

Lieut. General Parjloiv's -

Major General Clarke's -

Earl Cornwailin's ——

Lord Frederick Cavendish's -

Lieut. General Campbell's -

Sir Ei/?r Coote's ——

Sir Robert Pigol's -

Sir Robert Hamilton's -

Lord JoA/z Murrays, 2 Battalions -

Lieut. General Carey's - ‘ - -

General Abercrombie's -

Major General Vaughan's -

Sir Gw/ Car let oil's -

Lieut. General Elphin/lone's -

Lieut. General Frederick's -

Major General James Grant's *

Major General Jo/w Campbell's -

Royal American Regiment, 4 Battalions

Major General Mathew's -

Lieut. General Francis Grant's - -

Lieut. General Pomeroy's -

Lieut. General Sherard's -

Major, G£Qe&iJ Trypji's ——

Lieut. General Frqfer's 2 Battalions

Lord M'Leod's ill Battalion -

Numbers. Pay of the [ Regiments, &c. for 365 Days. T O T A L.

494 _ OO 00

1,069 - 17,766 7 6

991 - 18,374 2

991 - 18.374 x4 2

823 - 16,513 4 2

991 18,374 X4 2

499 " 12,315 14 2

991 - '8,374 X4 2

823 16,330 x4 2

823 - 16,33° x4 2

823 - 16,330 14 2

991 - 18,374 M 2

4^9 - 12,315 x4 2

499 - 12,315 x4 2

823 - 16,330 x4 2

823 16,33° x4 2

499 - 12,315 14 2

823 - 16,330 x4 2

823 - ' 16,330 14 2

823 16,330 x4 2

991 - T- 18,374 x4 2

823 - 16,330 14 2

823 - 16,330 M 2

991 - 18,374 x4 2

823 - 16,33° M 2

823 - <6,330 14 2

823 - 16,330 14 2

823 - 16,330 14 2

1,995 " 35,985 T9 2

823 - 16,330 x4 2

991 - 18,374 x4 2

823 - / - 16,33° x4 2

499 - 12,315 14 2

991 18,374 x4 2

823 - 16,330 x4 2

823 - 16,330 H 2

823 16,330 14 2

3.293 - 65,578 6 8

499 - 12,315 M 2

823 - 16,330 x4 2

823 - 16,330 *‘4 2

99'- ' 1 18,374 x4 2

823 - 16,330 x4 2

2>394 - 44,250 3 4

1,401 - 24,99° g 8

Lieut.

21 Geo. IIL

i 6° Novem

35

Lieut. Colonel Campbell'& Regiment -

Lieut. Colonel APDon iel's

Major General Hall's -

Sir William Erskine's -

Colonel MLean's -

Rejal Highland Emigrants, Battalions

Earl of Harrington's Regiment -

Colonel St. Lexer's ....

Lord Viscount Cheiclon's-

Colonel Keating's ....

Late Lieut. Colonel Caret/s -Colonel Tottenham's ——

Colonel Ackland's ....

Lieut. Colonel Stuart's -

Colonel M'Carmick s ——

Colonel Prefect I.' s-

Captain Commandant Wall's Corps - -Major Dalrymple's Corps -

Garrisons in North America, viz. Montreal, Quebec, St. Augustine, Pcnfacola, Alobille, arid South Carolina

Garrisons in Nova Scotia, Halifax, Placentia, St. John's Neufoimdland, Louijbourg, St. John's Island, Providence, Bermudas, and Africa -Garril'on at Tobago - - - .

Officers serving with the Forces in North America and the West Indies -

Contingencies upon Account -

MINOR (} A. Earl of Eglintoune's Regiment of Foot

Major General Morris's

Officers of the Garrison, fife.

GIBRALTAR. Colonel Picton's Regiment of Foot Lieut. General Boyd's -Lieut. General Waljh's

Lieut. General Baugh's Colonel Ross's

Lord McLeod's, 2d Battalion

Officers of the Garrison, Sc.

Provisions for His Majesty's Forces serving in North America, Nova Scotia, New Sic. deducing

a.\d. per Diem from each Non-commissioned Officer and Soldier, towards that Expence:

Remains to be borne by Government -Provisions for the Forces at Gibraltar -Provisions for the Forces in the West Indies Provisions for the Forces in Africa, deducing 2 per Diem from each Non-commissioned Officer and Soldier, towards that Lx pence:

Remains to be borne by Government

Total - -

823

823

1,018 - - 18,779 5 —

1,168 - - 20,604 5 —

1,018 - - 18,943 10 —

1,019 - - 10,217 5 —

1,019 - - 19,217 5 —

1,350 - - 26,559 16 8

8.-7 - - 15,308 14 2

827 - - 15.47 " l9 2

827 - - 15,308 14 - 2

6S7 - - 13,;69 12 6

687 - m 13,605 7 6

687 - - . *3*733 2 6

687 - - l3>16 12 6

827 - 15,3»8 14 2

687 - - J3.769 12 6

687 - - i3,769 12 6

213 - ‘ 4,170 2 6

5°3 - - 9,337 18 4

8,558 l5 —

_ 3,226 10 _

1,646

559 *3 4

43,212 19 2

4,000 ——

16.330 14 2

16.330 14 2

5,861

64,7*4

16.330

16.330

16.330

16.330 20,768 24.734

14

14

14

14

10

16

1,102,646 15 — .

83.597 4 —

36,800 12 ---

33,712 8 —

5,000 — —

... £.

54.557 17 6

32,661 8 4

5>917 11 3

110,826 3 4

3.749 12 3

I59'II9 4 —

1,488,927 ——

War-Office,

16th November' 1780.

C. Jenkinson.

Vol. 38 ESTIMATE

3*5

16b Novembris.

A. 1780.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties,

for the Year 1781.

Pay, &c. for 365 Days.

28,017 11 ‘ I »

18,692 II 3

251,658 7 6

"28,281 15 11I

11,470 IO 1*

82,429 18 61

27,080 14 4l

11,216 IO 6i

ri5>545 2 4

u»3i5 6 —

6,027 13 ii

►H »- il

i2,563 19 101

5.414 1 3

9.364 17 1

49-373 17 I

m -

2,299 16 7*

3.io(5 — 10|

*.057 11 —

Numbe R.S.

GIBRALTAR.

Three Battalions of His Majesty's Hanoverian Infantry

MINORCA.

Two Battalions of the same -

NORTH A MERIC A.

Troops of Hcffe Cqfiil, including Staff Officers

Two Regiments of Ifanait -

Regiment of Waldeck ——

Troops of the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, including Staff Officers ——

Troops of the Margrave of Brandebourgh Anfpach

Sic....

A Corps of Foot of Anhalt Zerbft -

Total for Pay

Subsidies per Annum; viz.

To the Landgrave oillejjh CV/^c7,altheRate of 480,187 Banco Crowns -To the Hereditary Prince of llejfc CaffeU at the Rate of 47,024 Banco Crowns -To the Reigning Prince of Waldeck, at the Rate of 25,050 Banco Crowns - -

To the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, at the Rate of 64,500 German Crowns -To the Margrave of Brandebourg Anfpach, Sic. at the Rate of 52,214 Banco Crowns r

To the Reigning Prince of Anhalt Zerbft, at the Rate of 22,500 Banco Crowns -

Provisions for the Troops at Gibraltar ~

Provisions for the Forces in North America, deducing 2^d. per Diem from each Non-commissioned Officer and private Man, towards that Expence:

Remains to be borne by Government -

Total for 1781

To make good a Deficiency on an Augmentation to the Troops of Hefje Hanau, from 29th March 1779 to 24th December 1780 $ viz. -Pay for 271 Days for 120 Men, being an additional Company of Chasseurs for 1779 - -

D° for 366 Days, for the Year 1780 - -

Subsidy per Annum, for the same - *

M23

95

",o

3>472

1,284

670

4>300

M47

613

2.373

21,786

Total

24^59

- c

TOTAL.

46,710

412,137 16 ui

162,383 19 8*

58,738 14 2

679>97° x3 H

6,463 8 5{

686,434

7i

War-Office,. 16th November 1780.

C. Jenkinson*

ESTIMATE

2i Geo. III.

16° Novembris

37

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Artillery for the foreign Troop? in the Pay of Great Britain, puiTuaut

to Treaties, for the Year 1781.

Pay of Three Companies for the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse Gaffel -

Ditto of a Brigade, attached to the Regiments of II(incut. ——

Ditto of ,1 Detachment of Artillery, with the Regiment of Waldeck ——

Ditto of a Detachment with the Troops of the Margrave of Brandthourgh A fife. -Ditto of a Detachment with the Corps of Anhalt

Total lor Pay

Proportional Subsidies per Annum.

To the Landgrave of Ilejffe , at the Rate of 22,050 Banco Crowns -

To the Hereditary Prince of Ileffe Cassel, at the Kate of j, 800 Banco Crowns -

To the Reigning Prince of lValdeck, at the Rate of 523 Banco Crowns - - .

Total

Numbers.

588 *

128 - At

14 .» *

44 -

12 1 _ 1 \86

4* — «

- m m

- - 786

Pav, &V. for 365 Days.

*5>34* 3 4

3.771 4

35* 16 8

1.326 3 4

3°4 3 4

5»3t>5 L5

».*55 — —

125 19 —

r

TOTAL.

21,097 — —

6,586 14 —

27,683 14 —

War Office,

16th November 1780.

C JenlUnfo.

VOL. 38.

ESTIMATE

16° Novemb

A. 1780:

feSTlMATE of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the Several Counties in South Britain, and of Four. Regiments of Fencible Men in North Britain, from 25th December 1780 to 24th December 178;, both inciuftve j being 365 Days.

Regiments, B;.t alion>, or Corps. Numbers. 1 Pay for 365 Days.

I 600 9'°73 5 10

I 6?> 6 9>742 9 2j

I 708 10,788 15 10!

I 537 7.567 13 4

I 637 9,751 ic 8:

I 725 10,947 16 8

I 436 6.573 10

I 637 9.754 12 6

3 1,961 . 3°.u9 9 2

1 759 11,260 5 —

1 451 6,709 18 4

2 *,301 20,120 12 6

2 1,230 18,821 16 8

1 615 9,52° 8 4

1 638 9.763 15 —

1 457 6,910 13 4

2 1,164 17.547 7 6

1 893 12,574 5 —

1 639 10,226 1 8

2 1,366 21,036 3 4

3 2,170 32.354 4 2

1 346 5,377 *3 4

2 1,230 19,077 6 81

1 939 13,949 1 8

1 706 10,737 1 8

1 547 8,577 10 —

1 631 9,365 5 Jo

1 *39 2,190

X 725 10,943 18 4

1 726 10,943 18 4

1 967 14,003 16 8

2 *,235 iq.351 1 8

2 I,l82 18,298 13 4

1 1,085 15,761 18 4

1 899 *3,225 3 4

1 939 13,967 6 8

1 550 8,604 *7 6

1 893 l2>574 5 —

1 706 10,746 4 2

2 1,410 21,498 10 —

1 813 11 »844 5 —

1 589 8,966 16 8

1 - 236 3,470 10 10

1 181 2,597 11 8

1 235 4,276 11 8

1 376 5,697 — 10

1 183 2,621 18 4

1 343 5.347 5 —

1 *39 2,190

1 479 7,324 6 8

1 94 1,438 14 2

1 343 5,365 10 —

1 320 4,620 5 10

1 *39 2,190 — - —

38,935

1,169 T . r — 21,042 5 —

M69 — 21,042 5 —

1,160 „ r — 21,042 5 —

H69 21,042 5 —

4,070 -

- 43>611 - £ 1

Bedford

Berks

Bud/cs

Cambridge

Chester

Cornwall

Cumberland

Derby

Devon Dorset Durham

Essex -Gloucester -Hereford -Hertford Huntingdon Kent -Lane after -Leicester Lincoln. - -1 Middlesex -Monmouth -Norfolk Northampton, Northumberland -Nottingham -

Oxford Rutland Salop - -

Stafford -Somerset Southampton Suffolk Surrey Siffex Wanvick Westmoreland Wilts -

Worcester -

Riding D®, - North D°, - East Anglesea - -

Brecon Cardigan -Carmarthen Carnarvon Denbigh Flint

Glamorgan Merioneth -Montgomery Pembroke -Radnor

Lord Frederick Campbells Regiment of Fencible Men Duke of Gordon's D# ——

Duke of Buccleugh's D° -

Colontl Wcmyjs s D° ——

Total -

TOTAL.

s.

588,288 15 —

84,169 —

672.-457 15 _

AVar Office, if)th November 1780.

a i Ge6. III.

i 6° Noveni

39

ESTIMATE of the Charge for the Cloathing for the Embodied Militia in South Britain, for the

Year 1781.

Numbers,

1,699 Serjeants, each 1,099 Drummers, 34,364 Rank and File,

37,162

War Office,

16th November 1760.

Rates.

5 m 7

- 3

2 10 5

C. Jenkinf

Charge.

9*733 17 T 3,319 17 i i 86,625 18 4

Total - - £.99,679 13 4

Culham [ridge to Fyfielii Roads.

Ordered, That the said Ellimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers " granted by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads c< leading from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, tc to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham " Bridge, and to a Place called Mile Stone, in the Road " leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County, and " forwidening the said Roads; and also for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the End of Culham tc Bridge next to Culham, in the County of Oxford, to " the End of Burford Bridge next to Abingdon, in the " County of Berks, and from The Mayor's Stone at the " End of the Boar Street, in the Town of Abingdon " aforesaid, to Shippon, in the said County of Berks, and " from thence to the West End of the Town of Fyfield, in the same County," was referred; That the Committee had exami ned, and fou nd that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And

Mr. Samuel Sellicood informed your Committee, That

the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and borrowed a considerable Sum of Money, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Acts; that the Money so borrowed, still remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Aids, are further continued, altered, and enlarged.

Ordered, That' leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering nad enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, of the Ninth ard Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending and keeping in Repair such Part of the Roads -flefcrihcd in the last mentioned Act as leads from the am Bridge next to Culham, in the Count}.

of Oxford, to the End of Burford Bridge next to Abingdon, in the County of Berks, and from The Mayor's Stone, at the End of Boar Street, in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to Shippon, in the said County of Berks, and from thence to the West End of the Town of Fy-field, in the same County: And that Mr. Elites and Mr. Hartley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the City of,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Petition was presented, during the last Session of Parliament, for Leave to bring in a Bill for providing and establishing a Market, for erecting a new Gaol and House of Correction, and for removing certain Gateways in the City of Gloucester; and for amending the several Acts passed for the Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the said City, and lighting, paving, and regulating the Streets there; and the same was brought in accordingly, and passed through this House after having undergone several Amendments in the Committee; arid was presented to the House of Lords, and in a Committee of the fame, was opposed by John Pitt, of the said City of Gloucester, Esquire, but paired through the Committee, notwithstanriing such Opposition, without any Alteration, and being afterwards, on the Third Reading* opposed in the said House by the said Mr. the Lords made some Alterations, which caused the Bill to be brought back to this House for their Concurrence, when this House thought proper to make a further Amendment upon the Amendment made by their Lordships, and the same was returned, with such Amendments, to Hie House of Lords, on the Day the Parliament was prorogued, and the said Bill did not pass into a Law; and that the Object of the Market, upon a Calculation of the great Expence that it would occasion, was, at a general Meeting of the said City, dropped, and agreed to be left out of the Bill, but the other Parts of the intended Bill were approved of, and the Petitioners are now deiirous that the same may be carried into a Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for erecting a new Gaol and House of Correction, and for removing certain Gateways in the said City of Gloucester ;and for amending the several Acts passed for the Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the said City, and lighting, paving, and regulating the Streets tin re, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to ti e House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabk.

A Pe-

Gloucester

Gaol,

&c.

40 16° NovenibrA: \ *j % o.

Clouccller Pet'l*on of the principal Inhabitants, Owners and

Gael, Occupiers of Houses, Lands, and Tenements, in the City of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That a Petition was presented, in the left Session of Parliament, from the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, and Common Council, of the City of in

Common Council assembled, for Leave to bring in a Bill for establishing and making a new Market, and removing the several Markets to more convenient Places; for removing the present City Gaol, and erecting a new and more convenient one; for removing two other Gates, called The Lower North and South Gate; for amending the Acts relating to the Maintenance of the Poor, and for better lighting of the said City: and for amending another Act, lately palfed, for paving and cleansing the Streets of the said City, and for removingandpreventing Nuisances there, and giving further Powers for those Purposes, and for further Improvements in the said City; and a Bill was brought into the House for those Purposes, and read a Second Time, and committed; and that the great Object of Public Conveniency and Necessity in the said Bill, being the establishing and making a new Market, having met with a pretty general Approbation of the Inhabitants of the said City, but the Ground fixeduponbeingalmoftinthe very Center of the City, and the Expence of purchasing, pulling down the Houses, and re-building a Market Place, and the Terms infilled upon by the said Corporation being enormous, besides the Inconveniencies to Individuals, that principal Object of the Bill was dropped, and the Clauses relating thereto were struck out of the Bill; but the remaining Parts of the Bill were reported, and passed through this House without Opportunity given to oppose the fame; but, upon Petitions presented to the other House of Parliament, and some Amendments made there, the said Bill did not pass into a Law; and that a great Expence having been incurred by such Application to Parliament, the said Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, and Common Coun-cil, in theirprivateCapacities, with l'oineof their Tenants and Dependants, and others not having any Property in the said City, with a manifest Intention of charging the Petitioners, and other Occupiers of Lands and Tenements in the said City, with Payment of that Expence, have again prepared another Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill for removing the present Gaol, and erecting a new one; for removing Two other Gates; and for amending the ACtsrelating to the Maintenance of the Poor, and to the paving and cleansing the Streets of the said City, and removing the Nuisances there; whereas the Petitioners state, that the present Gaol is very properly and conveniently situated; that the Inconveniencies suggested are trifling and nugatory; that the Expence of the present necessary Repairs thereof (which are the Right of the Corporation, and is now under a dueCourfeof Law to be determined) would amount to a very small Sum, even including the removing the Inconveniencies suggested; and that the Expence would be very great, and lie heavy upon the Petitioners, for purchasing of Lands and Tenements, and erecting a new Gaol thereon, which is intended also to be used for a Bridewell, though the Corporation of the said City have lately pulled down a very large and convenient one, fold the Materials, and dil-posed of the Ground upon which the same Hood; and that the proposed Amendments of the Acts lor the Maintenance of the Poor, and for the better paving and cleansing the Streets of the said City, and pulling down Two other Gates, are either trifling and inconsiderable, and upon due Investigation perhaps totally un necessary; and that the Magistrates and Justices of the said City, in putting the said Acts in Execution; have in some In-llances neglected, and in othersexceeded, their Duty and Power: And therefore praying, That Leave may not be

!jiven to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, or at east for such of them as shall not appear to the House to be absolutely necessary, the Owners of many Lands and Tenements having been already heavily burthened

and opprelfed by the undue Execution of the said Paving Aci.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. "

An ingrafted Bill for Naturalizing John Frederick Kern's

Kern and Naihaniel-Lewis -Falejke-, was read the Third

rn> J' Nat.

lime.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Kern and Nathaniel Lewis P.alqjke.

Ordered, That Mr. Elwcs do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Preventing Reading of the Bill to extend the Provisions contained in i»«>nv«nieuce> an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, sheriffs, fcc.

" An Act to prevent any Mischief or Inconvenience " which may arise to Sheriffs, Gaolers, Suitors, Prisoners, or others, by the PHfoners in several Gaols in the " Counties of Middlejhr, and Surreand the City of <c London, having been set at Liberty during the late

" Tumults and Insurrections," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; v Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Petition of certain Freeholders of the Borough of EkI"on? Downton, in the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and other Freeholders of the said Borough, was delivered in at the Table, and read: Setting forth, That at the late Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Doionton, in the County of Wilts, on the 13th

of September, 17 80, John Saunders, Alexander Iiitme, Robert Shafto, Esquires, and the honourable Henry Set/-

mourComoay, were Candidates; and that John Saunders and Alexander Hume, Esquires, had a very considerable Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned as duly Elected to serve in Parliament for that Borough; but the Personafting as Returning Officer, was guilty of thegroffeliand moll illegal Partiality in Favour of Mr. Shafto and Mr. Comoay, by admitting divers Persons to vote for them, claiming their Right to vote under fraudulent, fictitious, illegal, and occasional Conveyances; and, by thele and other corrupt, illegal, and undue Means, a colourable Majority was obtained on the Face of the Poll for Mr. Shafto and Mr. and they w'ere declared duly elected, in direct Violation of the Laws and Freedom of Election, and in manifest Prejudice of the Petitioners Rights, who are the only legal Electors for the Borough of Downton: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, to cause the Return to be altered, and to declare John Saunders and Alexander Hume, Esquires, duly elected Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Downton, and to grant such other Relief as upon Enquiry may be found just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 27 th Day of next,

at the same Time that the Petition of John Saunders and Alexander Hume, Esquires, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered

a i Geo. III. i6°Novtmbris.: 41

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker; do iflueriiis Warfrant, or Warrant?, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall he thought necessary by the several Parties, on the ' Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Hindoo A Petition of John Saunders, Esquire, was delivered in ' Ek^tion. at the TabF, and read; Setting forth, That at the late t Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of which came on

on or about the 9th Day of September 1780, the Petitioner, Lloyd Kenyon, Nathaniel William Wraxall, and

Samuel Peach, Esquires, wereCandidatestorepresent the said Borough in this present Parliament; and that the said Lloifd Kenyon and Nathaniel William , previous to and during the said Election, by themselves, their Agents, and Friends, were guilty ofgrofs Bribery in corrupting the Voters; that a general Syftein of Corruption prevailed in that Borough, for Penons were influenced to vote for the said Lloyd Kenyon and Nathaniel William Wraxall, from a Knowledge of large Sums of Money having been lodged in the Hands of their Agents, and others, by the said Lloyd Kenyon, and Nathaniel William Wraxall, or by their Friends, unden their Direction, or with their Privity, Consent, and Approbation, to be afterwards divided.amongst those Persons who voted for them, and that the same was made known to the Voters in general before they promised to give them their Votes, whether before or on the Day of Election; and that, after the Telle of the Writ, and on the Day of Election, the said Lloyd Kenyon and Nathaniel William Wat their own Charge and Expence, treated the Voters with Victuals and Drink, contrary to the Statute in that same provided; and that several Threats and Promises were made use of by the said Idorjd Kenyon and Nathaniel William Wrxixall, or their Agents, to influence Persons to vote for them j and that the Returning Officer canvassed the said Borough, and acted as Agent for them the said Lloyd.

Kenyon and Nathaniel William Wraxall, and was guilty of the greateil and moll illegal Partiality inf Favour of them, previous to and during the Election, by admitting divers Persons to vote for them who had no legal Right to vote, and by rejecting several Persons who had a legal Right to vote, and tendered themselves at the Poll to vote for the Petitioner; and that, by these and various other corrupt and illegal Means, the said Lloyd Kenyon and Nathaniel William obtained a co-

lourable Majority of Votes on the Face of the Poll, and were declared duly elected, in direct Violation of the Freedom of Election, and in manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner, who had a considerable Majority of legal Votes, and ought, therefore to have been returned as a Burgess duly elected to represent the said Borough in this present Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Co.nsideration, and to grant such Relief therein as to them shall seem> meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition betaken into Consideration upon Friday the 4th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Me'morandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taden into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, ou the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

"Vot. 38.

A Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the America; Seventeenth Year of the Reign of I ll's present Majesty, B;il_ intituled, "An Act to impower His Majesty to secure * and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, person». " the Crime of High Treason, committed in auy of " His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, or " on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy," was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Jtefolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. v

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve -itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Ways Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised within the Space of One Year, from the 25th Day of March 1:781, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England,

and the Town of Berwick upon and that a. proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of t he Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, Theft jt is the Opinion of this Committee*

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty's. Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June 1781, be further continued and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June 1781 to the 24 th Day of June 17,82.

The said Resolutions being federally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House./

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that' Mr. the Lord Westcote, the Lord Pdlmerston, Sir Mr.

Butler, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General*

Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. John Robhjbn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought ill, upon the other of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Ord, the Lord Wefcote, the Lord Palmerson, Sir Richard Sutton, Mr.

Buller, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General,

Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. John Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Justices\ enable all Persons named in any Commission of the of Peace Peace to act as Justices of the Peace, in the Suppression ,to a<a of Riots and Tumults, notwithstanding the y have not u taken out their Dedimus Potejialem: And that Mr.

Minchin, and Sir George Yonge do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

Hellflon

A Petition of Matthexo Wills, Richard and ettion.

William Rogers, Freemen of the Borough of in the County of Cornwall, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners and their Predecessors, Freemen of have long

enjoyed the Privilege ofeleftingTvvo Burgesses to serve

M in

42 16° — i y6 Nofoembris. 1780,

iri Parliament for the said Borough; and that divers Persons, Inhabitants of the Town of Ilelljhm, and others their Accomplices, by undue Practices, and in order to answer Election Purposes, on the Third Day of September 1774, procured a Charter topafs the Great Seal, whereby a new Corporation was declared to be erected, and the Privilege of electing to Parliament for the fit id Borough, granted to the Corporation by that Charter constituted; and that, on the 12th Day of September 1774, the said Charter was brought, by Charles Graham, Gentleman, to the Guildhall of the said Borough, where the same was read; and that the Petitioners and others, the Majority of the then subsisting Members of the Corporation, conceiving the said Charter to be a nianifeft Violation of their Rights and Privileges, of-posed the passing the same in every Stage of its Progress; and being assembled in the Guildhall of the said Borough, on the said 12th Day of September 1774,unani-inously refused to accept the fame, and it still remains unaccepted; and that Darell Trelawney, Esquire, Sheriff of the said County, sent the Precept for electing Two Burgesses to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough, to Matthew Wills, a Freeman of the said Borough, who had a Right to preside at the said Election; and that the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, came on the 12th Day of SeptcmberhA, and the Right honourable Thomas Villiers9 commonly called Lord Hyde, Lieutenant General William Evelyn, Philip Yorke, and Jocelyn Dean, Esquires, were Candidates; and that the Poll was taken before the Petitioner Matthew Wills, and all the Freemen of the said Borough who had Voices in the said Election, voted for the said Philip Yorke and Jocelyn Dean, who were duly elected; and accordingly the said Matthew Wilis, and the rest of the Freemen, executed an Indenture of Return to Darell Trelawney, who received the fame; and that, under Colour of the Royal Charter so granted as aforesaid, John Hoblyn took a Poll, and admitted great Numbers of Persons who had no Right to vot&, hor claimed any other Right than such as they pretended to derive under the said Charter, to poll for the said Thomas Lord Hyde and Lieutenant General William Evelyn, and hath unwarrantably returned them as Members for the said Borough to the said Sheriff, who has not only annexed to his Writ the Return so made by the said Matthew Wills and the other Free-men of the said Borough, of the said Philip Yorke and Jocelyn Dean, but has also annexed to his Writ the Return so made by t e said John Hoblyn. in Prejudice of the said Philip Yorke and Jocelyn Dean, who only ought to have been returned, and in a Manner subver-five of the ancient Rights of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as the Circumstances of the same call for and demand.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 26th Day of January next, at 1 the same Time that the Petition of Philip Yorkey El-quire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 1 ith Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Conn fel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of the honduraole Temple Luttrell, was

delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the last General Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, John Dodd, Francis AnnejUy, Esquires, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that, the said Election came on the 8th Day of September last, before llichard Westbrooke, Esquire, Deputy Mayor and Returning Officer of the said Borough; and that the said John Dodd, as well in Person as by his Agents and Managers, by the most flagrant Acts of Bribery and other undue Influence, and by various Attempts to bribe and corrupt those who had a Right to vote at the said Election, did procure himself, with the said Francis Annejley, to be returned lo serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Rights of Election; And therefore praying, That the Merits of the said Election and Return may be taken into Consideration, and such Relief granted as the Nature of the same may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 8th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and l ith Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied wiih Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time 011 which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris> 170 die Novembris;

Anno 210 Georgii IIP1 Regis, 1780. Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Simeon Pope; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to carry into Execution several Acts for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of Southmolton, in the County of Devon % was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, an Act was passed for repairing, widening, and rendering safe and commodious, several Roads leading from the Town of Souih/nolton, in the County of Devon \ and that, at a Meeting of the Trustees, on the 27th of August 1778, it was ordered, that Application should be made to Parliament for a Renewal of the said Act, and that proper Notices should be inserted in the Newspapers, which was accordingly done by Mr. John Shar-land, the then Clerk to the said Trustees, who was employed

Pope's

Nat.

Southmolton Roads; Conduct of Mr. Sharland.

21 Geo. III. 17° Notembris-. 43

ployed to solicit such RettCtoal; and tliai h Petition to Parliament was prepared by the said Mr. Saarland-, figued by many of the Trustees, and presented to t)ie House of Commons; which, after dating that the Petitioners had proceeded to piit the said Act in Execution, and had borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof, which for the most Part then remained due, and that the Term of the said Act was near expiring, and the Monies owing, could not ho paid otT, and the Roads kept iu good Repair, unless the Term was further continued, and ftrnie further and other Powers granted, prayed, That Leave mi^ht be given to bring in a bill to continue and enlarge the Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as the House should think proper; and that there was, previous to thp presenting the said Petition, a Meeting of the Trustees holdeu, when most of those Articles which are now inserted in the redraining, Clause, herein after set fdrth, were proposed by the said Mr. from written

Memorandums of his, to the Trustees, to be inserted in the Act then to be applied for, but were unanimously rejected by them, who said they would have no Alteration whatever made, that no Diminution of the Tolls should take Place, it being what they could not justify to the Creditors, and being also contrary to the public Notice giveu for enlarging the Terms and Powers of the Qfigiual Act, indead of diminishing them; that no Order for this Purpose was entered in the Order Book, hut what passed at the said Meeting is well remembered "by the Trustees then present; and that there was a Meeting holden during the Progress the said Act through the House of Commons, at which Mr. Sharland attended as Clerk, but did net mention a Syllable about the Act, and the Trustees supposed that every Thing was going on according to their Orders, and the Notice and Petition that Mr. Sharland had prepared; and that the said Mr. Sharland did not, while the Act was pending, give or deliver any Bill to any oneTrudee, though, after the Act was passed, he acknowledged Two liad been sent to him; and though there was a Meeting of the Trustees, at which he was present, between the receiving them and the Second Reading of the Bill, and though the Act passed in Mar, only One Trudee had

any Act delivered to him till the November following, when, by the Rules of the House, it was too late to present a Petition for the Repeal of the Clause herein after let forth; and that the Act passed in the Session of Parliament in which the Petition was presented, and, after reciting the original Act, and that the Roads could not be rendered safe and commodious, and kept in good Repair, and the Money due be paid off, unless the Term of the said Act was further continued, and some Alterations made thereto, enacts, that the Term should be further continued; and the followingClause is enacted afterwards, " That no Toll or Duty shall be demanded " or taken by virtue of the said recited Act, or this present Act, in respect of any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, employed in carrying or conveying any Hearth " Allies, Soap Allies, or Compoll, or any other Thing " whatsoever, used for manuring of Land or Ground " (except Lime) or in carrying or conveying any " Haulm, Fern, or Fodder, arising or proceeding from any Land or Ground, and used for the foddering of " Cattle, or to be made into Allies for making of u Soap, or for making Dung or Compoll for manuring *c I-and or Grouudand that the Trustees, upon seeing this exempting Clause, which was inserted contrary to their Orders, the public Notice given, and their Petition to the House of Commons, found the Confidence they had placed in Mr. Sharland abused, and the 'l olls much diminished, the Powers of the former Act abridged instead of enlarged, and the reciting and enacting Clauses dir eft ly contradifting each other, and the House of Commons itself imposed upon; and that, in the Exemption of most of these Articles, Mr.

Vol. 38.

land had a View to his own Benefit; for, though the Materials for making of Soap appear; by the Margin; to he exempted in general, yet no such Exemption takes Place in the body of the Act; and that; in the Neighbourhood of Southmolton, Wood Allies are t\ie common Ingredients for making Soap, yet Wobd Allies are not exempted, ,but only Allies made from Ferns; a large (Juantijfcy of which is growing on an Estate lately purchased by Mr. Sharlatid, in ah adjoining Parish; rind, at a Meeting of the Trustees, when ah Application was ordered to Parliament, Mr. Sharland being upbraided with the Manner in which he had obtained the said exempting Clause, replied, " No Matter how it was obtained, it *| is now a Public Act, and yoii are obliged to take Notice of it;" and that the new Act abridges the Tolls, granted by the original Act during the Remainder of its Term, excepting the Two Articles of Lirhe and Soap Allies, the latter Of which was exempted before frdrii the Payment of Tolls, but were riot inserted in the Bill prepared by Mr. Sharland, in which Bill, Lime was exempted; and that while the Act waS soliciting, Mr, Sharland, without any Order from the Trustees; applied to Joseph Palmer, Esquire, the Treasurer, for

£. 150. towards the Expences of Obtaining the said Act, who, under an Idea that Mr. Sharland was acting agreeable to the Orders of the Trustees, advanced that Sum out of the Money he then had in his Hands; whereas it now appears thatMr. disobeyed

those Orders, by whifch the Creditors are injured in their Security, and the Trull will be deprived Of the £. 150. so paid by the Treasurer, without the AlliilanCe of the House; and that the Trustees, at a Meeting, have ordered an Application to Parliament for the Repeal of the said Clause, and have Ordered Mr. Sharland to be removed from his Clerkship: And therefore praying; That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing the said exempting Clause, and such other and further Relief granted to the Petitioners in the Premises; as to the House shall seem meet and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to M/. Rolle, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for continuing the Term of ritt Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Msi-jesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, through Akester in the said County, and Feckenham, to a Place called Bradley Brook, in the County of Worcester; and from Akester, through Great Coughton and Crabs Cross, in the said County of Warwick; and through Hewell Lane and Burcott, to The Cross of Hands, on a Common called The Leekhay, and out of Hewell Lane, through Church Lane and to Bromsgrove, in the said County of Worcester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Town field, &c.: Arid they are td meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Persons tvhofe Names Sre thereunto subscribed, Prisoners for Debt in His Majesty's Gaol at Horsham, in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lb Upoti the Table;

A Petition of the several PerfoilS whose Nantes are

thereunto

18

Stratford upon Avori Rbads.

tJefctors

Petition.

Milbomt

Port

Election;

44 170 Novembfis. 780.

thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Electors of the Borough of was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth,' That the honourable Temple LutlrThomas Hutchins

Medhjcott, John Toionjbn, and' John Esquires,

were the Candidates at the late Election for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Port, in the County of Som; and that Thomas Hutchins Medhjcott, Esquire, and John Toicnfon, by a'

System of Corruption, devised and carried on for some Time antecedent to the said Election, as well in Person as by their joint and respective Agents or Managers, and by Bribery and other undue influence, and by Attempts to bribe and corrupt t'ha'fe who had a Right to vote at the said Election, did procure thetn-selves to be elected to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough; and that the said Election came on the Ninth, Day of September last, before George Longman and John Peckhmh, the Returning Officers; and that many of the Petitioners and others, duly qualified, as well by the Laws and Customs of the Land as the particular Usage and Custom of the said Borough, offered to give their Voices for the said Temple and John Hunter, but were rejected by the said Returning Officers, or one of them, in an arbitrary and partial Manner; and they the said Returning Officers, or one of them, in the like arbitrary and partial Manner, admitted several Persons to vote for the said mas HutchinsMedlycolt and John who had

no Right of voting, and struck off from the Poll several Voters Names who had been admitted to poll for the said Temple Lutlreli and John to give ah

unfair Majority to the said Thomas Hutchins and John Toicnfon, and took upon them illegally to

return the said Thomas Hutchins Medhjcott and John Toicnfon, although the said Temple Lutlreli had a clear Majority of legal Votes for the said Borough; and that, by these and other undue, corrupt, and illegal Practices and Proceedings^ the said Thomas Hutchins Medlycott and John Toicnfon did. procure themselves to here-turned Representatives to Parliament, in raanifeft Injury to the Rights of the Electors, and in Violation of the Law and Constitution of Parliament: And therefore praying. That the Merits of the said Election and Returns may be fully inquired into, and that the House will grant such Redress as they shall think meet, and the Nature of the same may reqiiire.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tueflay the 27th Day of March next,

at the same Time that the Petition of the honourable Temple LnUrell, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Milborne is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the loth and 1 ith Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, Or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as ini former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time On which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Several other Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, being offered to be presented to the House; the same were delivered in at the Table: Anti the Names of the Places to which the said Petitions related, were put into the Glass at the Table, and drawn by the Clerk in the following Order; viz.

*5

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Biirgeffes,'-of the Borough of Pennjn, in the' County whose Names are thereunto subscribed,'whsread;- Setting forth, That at the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Penryn, in the County of Cornu-all, Sir Francis Buffet, Baronet, John Rogers, William Chaytor, and Paul Went worth, Esquires,

were Candidates; and that the said Sir Francis Buffet and John Rogers, both before and after the Telte, or issuing of the Writ of Election, and before and after their Election to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, did open several Houses of Entertainment, and by themselves and their Agents, gave, presented, and allowed Money, Meat, Drink, and other Rewards, to the Voters of the said Borough, in order to be elected, and for being elected, to serve in -Parliament for the said Borough, and by Bribery, and other illegal, corrupt, and indirect Means, prevailed on-many of the Voters of the said Borough to give their Votes at the said Election for them the said Sir Francis Buffet and John Rogers; and that William the Portreeve

of the said Borough, took upon himself to act-ns Returning Officer at the said Electioti, without permitting the Mayor of the said Borough to join'with him therein, notwithstanding the Precept from the Sheriff for holding the said Election was directed to the Mayor and Portreeve of the said Borough, and, the better to jnf-tify that Proceeding, altered, or eanfed or permitted to be altered, the Directions of the said Precept, by orating or blotting out the Words " Mayor and" in the Direction thereof; and that the said Portreeve did also unlawfully and unjustly refuse to accept the Votes of fevered of the Aldermen of the* said Borough w ho offered to vote for the said William Chaytor and Paul Went- r north, and admitted divers Persons to vote for the said Sir Francis Basset and John Rogers who had no Right so to do, and lijcewife rejected the Votes of divers Per* fons who were under fnnilar Circumstances, and who tendered their Votes, and would have voted for the said William Chaytor and Paul Wentworth, and the said Por*

treeve, in many other Respects, behaved partially in Favour of the said Sir Francis Basset and John Rogers, and returned the said Sir Francis Basset and John Rogers as duly elected for the said Borough, notwithstanding the said William Chaytor and Paul Wentworth had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to 1 rave been returned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken info Consideration upon Friday the nth Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum :-In purfnance of Two Atts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regnlate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as ‘shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of William Dcva Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of in

the County of Devon, John Clevland, Esquire, Francis Baffett, Esquire, and the Petitioner; were Candidates; and that the said John Clevlby himself and his Agents, after the Dilsolution of the last Parliament,

and

.. Perryn Lle&ion.

Bam Ha pie Election.

11 Geo. III.

170 Novem

45

iifcia,

tec.

and the issuing of the Writ for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, and

firev ions to and during the Poll for such Election, and >v other Ways and Means on the Behalf of, and at the Charge of, the said John Cl?"land, did give, present, and allow to the Electors of the said Borough, and to several Persons who had, or claimed to have, a Right to vote in the Election for the said Borough, Money, Meat, Drink, Reward, Entertainment, and Provision, in order to procure him the said John. land to be elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in open Defiance of the Laws; and that the said John Clevland, by himself and his Agents, previous to and daring the said Election, was guilty of Bribery and Corruption, and did bribe and corrupt, and attempted to bribe and corrupt, those who had a Bight to vote in the said Election, and others who claimed to have a Right to vote in the said Election, and made use of other undue Means in order to procure himself to be returned as a Person duly elected; and that by such undue Means the said John Clevland obtained agreaterNumberofVotes than the Petitioner, and was returned accordingly to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, and the legal Electors of the said Borough, and in open Defiance of the Law and Freedom of Election: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to grant him such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesdaythe 15th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the toth and nth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by theml'elves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Confide-ralion.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Ma jor General James Grant was read. Setting forth. That at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the District of Boroughs of Elgin, Cullen, Banff, Kintore, and Inverury, the Petitioner, and Major General Staats Long Morris, were Candidates; and that Three of the Five Boroughs which compose this District, Elgin, Cullen, and Inverury, being, at the late Dissolution of Parliament, in the Interest of the Petitioner, General Morris, or divers Persons his known Agents on his Behalf, found it necessary to use the most corrupt and improper Influence, and illegal and nnconstitutional Means, to fe-duce and constrain the Voters or constituent Members of the Council of the Borough of Inverury, to vote for a Delegate for that Borough in the Interest of General Morris, contrary to their former free and uninfluenced Declarations in favour of the Petitioner; and that certain Voters of this Borough, who had promised to support the Interest of the Petitioner, were threatened, 1 educed, and at last, in open Violation of the Freedom of Eledijon, confined under a Guard in Keithall the Seat and Residence of the Earl of Kintore s (who took an active Part in the Election on behalf of General Morris) and the said Voters so illegally restrained were conveyed to aucl from the Place of Election under an armed Guard, confiding chiefly of the Tenants and Dependants of the said Earl; and that his Grace the ttke of Gordon likewise, against the Freedom of Elec-'Yci,. 38.

tion, interfered on behalf of Geherat Morris, and was, by himself or his Agents, aiding and assisting in the detaining, constraining and influencing the said Voters; and that, before and at the Election of a'Delegate for the said Borough, after the Teste and issuing out of the Writ, the said General Morris, by himself or his Agents, was guilty of bribing, corrupting, and entertaining fos veral Persons who had, or claimed to have, a Right to vote at the Election of such Delegate, by which Proceed* ings, and by various Threats, and by other violent, illegal, and unconstitutional Means, used by the said General Morris, or by others his known Agents on his Behalf, he procured Alexander Burnet, the Younger, of Kemnay, to be commissioned, by a corrupted and constrained Majority, Delegate for the Borough of Inverury, notwithstanding the Majority of free, uninfluenced, and' unconiftrained Votes was in favour of Major General Robert Horn Elphinjton, who ought to have been commissioned as Delegate for that Borough; and that the Election of the Member came on at Kintore, the presid ing Borough of the Distri#,- on the 2d Day of ^October last, when the Delegates commissioned from, the Boroughs of Banff and Kintore voted for General Morris, as did also the said Alexander Burnet, the pretended Delegate for t he Borough of Inverury, but the Delegates commissioned from Elgin and Cullen voted for the Petitioner, and the said General Robert Horn Elphinjton, the Delegate legally elected for the Borough of Inverury, did likewise offer and give his Vote at the said Election for the Petitioner, to serve as Member for the said District of Boroughs, notwithstanding which the said Major General Staats Long Morris has been returned as the Burgess duly elected, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, who had the Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief as to the House ilia.ll seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Confi* deration upon Friday the 18th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 1 ith Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, of Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by theml'elves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iffne his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Sir Willoughby Aston, Baronet, and stockbridg* Robert Mayne, Esquire, was read; Setting forth. That Election. at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of South* ampton, the honourable John Luttr the honourable James Luttrell, and the Petitioners, were Candidates; and that the said John Luttrell and James Luttrell, by t hemselvesand their Agents, previous to and during the Poll, were guilty of Bribery and Corruption, and attempting to bribe and corrupt those who had a Right to vote in the said Election, in order to procure themselves to be returned as Persons duly elected, and did also for that Purpose, after the Teste and issuing of the Writ of Election, and before and during the Poll, give or allow to several Persons who had, or claimed to have, a Right to vote in the said Election, Money,

Meat, Drink, Entertainment, or Provision; and that the Bailiff and Returning Officer of the said Borough, a known Friend of the Sitting Members, {hewed great

N Partiality

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Supply BUI; Duties on Malt, &c.

Hingham

Jnclufure,

46 17® — 18°

Partiality in their Favour, and admitted many Persons to poll for the said John Luttrell and who Lad no Right to vote at the said Election, and rejected others who had a good Right to vote, and offered to poll for the Petitioners, and by these and other corrupt and illegal Practices, the said John Luttrell and James iMltrcll were returned to serve in Parliament for the i'aid Borough, as having a Majority, although the Petitioners had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying. That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant to the Petitioners such Relief as to the House mall seem meet.

Ordered, That the/aid Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 22d Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the ioth and nth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great , for the Ser-

vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rcfulved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one: And the same was received; and read the Firit Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of Christopher , of the City of Norwich, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read j Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of ‘Hingham, in the County of Norfolk and

Setting forth. That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it now Hands, it will be injurious to the Rights and Interests of the Petitioner, and others interested in the said Commons and Waste Lands: And therefore praying. That he may ba heard, by himself or Coun-fel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect him, and that he may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

*5

Novsmbris. A. 1780.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into America; a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Bill further continuing an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, Perish... " An Act to impower His Majesty to secure and detain " Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of " High Treafori, committed in any of His Majesty's " Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High " Seas, or the Crime of Piracy."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directedjiim to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, That the Paper, intituled, rt

" The Report of the Commissioners for examining, Co,r " taking, and Hating, the Public Accounts of this Kingdom, to the honourable the House of Commons, ""!''

" in pursuance of an Order, dated the ioth of " vember 1780," which was presented to the House

upon Monday last, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 18° die Novembris;

Anno 2.x® Georgii III'" Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Hugh (bn from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, Account* of made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session Exci,e<|uer of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain 1 ll*

" Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, lor " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Eighty And also.

An Account of the Monies raised at the Receipt of the Exchequer, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to " raise the Sum of One Million, for the Lies and Purposes therein mentioned;" and to whom the same were issued.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz;

-by

21 Geo. III.

18° Novembris

47

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last St'/lion of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer " Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty."

The Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of the above-mentioned Act amount to the Sum of

One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the i8lh Day of November 17 86-

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies raised at the Receipt of the Exchequer, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty " to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned;" and to whom the same were iii'ued.

The Monies raised by Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to

the Sum of One Miliion; and were issued as follows;

C- s- d.

To Richard Rigby, Esquire, P«iymaster General of His Majesty's Forces ... 900,000 — —

To John Ross Mackye, Esquire, Treasurer of His Majesty's Ordnance ..... 1,00,00 — —

1,000,000 — — -

essBBBBasaaaBStf*

Exchequer, the John

18th Day of November 1780.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves apd others the Electors of the Borough of in the County of Lancaster, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the lad Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of,

Afsheton Curzon, Esquire, Thomas Lister, Esquire, and John Parker, Esquire, were Candidates; and that Starkie and Richard Edleston, who preiided as Returning Officers at the said Election, during the Poll, acted with the greated Partiality in favour of the said John Parker, by rejecting the Votes of the Petitioners, who had an undoubted Right to poll, and who tendered their Votes for the said Afsheton Curzon, under Pretence that

the Petitioners were not entitled to vote by reason of some pretended Usage in the said Borough, although the said Returning Officers rejected several Persons claiming to vote under the same Usage, and by admitting several Persons to poll for the said John Parker who had no Right to vote, and thus in a most arbitrary and illegal Manner depriving great Numbers of the Electors of the Vol. 38.

said-Borough of their just Rights and Franchises; and that, by these and other undue Practices, the said John Parker Iras been unjudly re'urned to serve for the said Borough, though not duly elected, and although the said Afsheton Curzon had a Majority of legal Votes over the said John Parker, and ought to have been returned for the said Borough, in manifest Injury to the Rights of the Petitioners, and in open Violation of the Law and Constitution of Parliament: And therefore praying. That the Freedom of Election may be restored, and that the said Afsheton Curzon may be reqeived as duly elected inllead of the said John Parker, and that the House will grant them such other Relief and Redress as they shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petit on be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 2d Day of March next, at the same Time that the Petition of Afsheton Curzon, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majehy's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted. Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent

to

vr-

A*

t, -

Goo«

48 18° Novembris. . 1780.

to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by them lobes, their Counfei, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Confide-ration.

Ordered, That. Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for Inch Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

?teflon A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

Blrttion. thereunto frtbscribed, being Inn Burgesses, Inhabitants within, and Electors of Representatives to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Preston, in the County of caster, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the late Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, Sir Henry Hoghton, Baronet, John Fenton, Esquire, and John goyne, Esquire, were Candidates; and that Thomas Tedder, Esquire, late Mayor of the said Borough, and Thomas Winckley, Esquire, and Thomas Briggs, Gentleman, late Bailiffs of the said Borough, presided at Rich Election ‘ as the Returning Officers; and that, by the Constitution of the said Borough, no Person hath (as the Petitioners conceive, and doubt not to prove) any Right of voting upon the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, but Inu Burgesses of the said Borough, inhabiting within the same; and that, at the said Election the said Sir Henry Hoghton and John Fenton had a Majority of legal Votes, according to the Constitution of the said Borough, and the said John Fenton ought therefore to have been resumed one of the Two Burgesses to serve for the said Borough in Parliament, but the said Returning Officers thought fit, in an arbitrary Manner, and contrary to all Justice, to admit a great Number of Persons who had no Right to poll at the said Election, to give Votes, as well for the said Sir Henry Hoghton as for the said John contrary

to the Coufiitution of the said Borough, whereby a greater Number of Votes appeared on the Poll for the said John Bnrgoyne than for the said Fenton, and, under Colour of fuel) Majority, the said Mayor and Bailiffs did, contrary to the Protetts of the said John Fenton and the Petitioners, unjustly return the said John Bnrgoynt as one of the said Burgesses, in Preference to the said John Fenton, who had a greater Number of legal Votes on the Poll than the said John in

in an i felt Violation of the Rights of the Petitioners and others the legal Electors for the said Borough, and in Defiance of the Laws requiring fair Elections: And therefore praying. That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and give such Relief therein as the Justice of the same requires, and as to the House - l3iu.Il seem meet.

Ordered, That (he said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 16th Day of March next,

« at the same Time that the Petition of John Fenton,

Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the ioth and 1 ith Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections,

, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament,

the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent

to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counfei, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as /halt be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Edinburgh A Petition of several Electors for the City of Klcdioo. burgh, was delivered iu at the Table, and read; Setting

forth. That the ShcritT Depute of the Sheriffdom of Edinburgh, by virtue of a Writ to him directed, returnable the 31 ll Day of Ortobrr, last, did ifltie his Precept, bearing Date the r.th Dr' of Sc/t'em directing the Right honourable t ho Lord Provoit of the < it v of /

burgh, or the Chief Magistrate of the said City there refilling, to cause a Citizen and Burgess to be emoted fr the said City; which said Precept was received by ter Hamilton, Esquire, Lord Provost of the said City, on the 11 tli Day of the said Month of September; and that, on the 16th Day of the said Month, aPart of the Town . Council of the said Gity, insufficient by the Couftit.nti<m of the said City to do any valid Act, with Mr. Jcjeph Williamson, one of the Town-Clerks, by a most unprecedented and illegal Mode, did take upon themfilvcs to proceed to an Election of a Member to serve in Parliament lor the said City, without any Warning or Notice from the Lord Provoit for that Purpose, and did, without such Warning, and without having received any Precept, and without any Day having been fixed by the Lord Provost for the Purpose of an Election, return William Miller, Esquire, as Representative of the said City in Parliament; and that the said William Miller, by himself and his Agents, obtained his pretended Election and Return by corrupt Promisesand Practices; and that the Lord Provost for the Time being, issued due Summonses, and gave the legal and accustomed Notices for an Election to be held on the ytli Day of October, when the Right honourable Sir Lawrence Durnlas was duly elected by a Majority of the legal Electors for the said City, and returned as their Repre-fentative in Parliament; but, by the Partiality of the Sheriff- Depute of the said Sheriffdom the

Return made in favour of the said Sir Lawrence Dundas was illegally refilled by him to be annexed to the Writ for the said Ccuntv, in manifift Injury of the Rights of the Petitioners, and in open Violation of the Laws requiring fair and true Elections: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, ami to grant them such Relief as by Law, and in.

Justice, they are entitled to.

Ordered, That the said Petition betaken into Consideration upon Tucflay the 6th Day of March next, at the same Time that the Petition of Sir Laicrence Dundas, Baronet, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the ioth ami ii tli Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Ejections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were lent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counfei, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken in Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall he thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition. i

A Petition of Paul Ber.field, Esquire, was delivered Orevtj

in at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That at the M^rloi

last Election of Members to serve id Parliament for the Borough of Great Marlow, the Petitioner, Sir John i

Borlafe Warren, and William Clayton, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the said Sir John Borlafe , by himself and his Agents, before and after the Teste of the Writ of Summons, and.before the Day of Election, and during the Poll, did present and allow to many Persons having Voices at the said Election, Money,

Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Provision, in order to be elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough* and likewise, by himself rind his Agents, did, by Bribery and by divers corrupt Practices, Engagements, Promiles, and Agreements, and other nndue and illegal Means,

Deduce-

49

2i Geo. III. i8° — ao°

seduce and prevail upon several of the said Electors to vote for him at the said Election; and that many Persons, who had no Right to vote, were admitted to vote for the said Sir John Warren, and several

others, who ought to have been received, and who would have voted for the Petitioner, were rejected, and, by these and other illegal Means, the said Sir 70//« BorlaJ'e Warren obtained a Majority of Votes upon the Poll, and hath, in Consequence thereof, been returned aMem-ber to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, who had a Majority of legal votes, and ought to have been returned, and in Prejudice of the legal and uncorrupted Electors of the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition betaken into Consideration upon Friday the 25th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land

Land Tax, Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of &c* the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

ReJ'qlved, '\ hat the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; A Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certa*n Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for ' the Service of the Year One thoulandSeven hundred and

Eighty-one, was, according to Order, read aSecondTime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Luna:, 2G° die Novembris;

Anno 2i* Georgii III1" Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

PETITION of Sir William Lemon and others, Freeholders within the Borough of Saltash, in the County of C'ortmall, on Behalf of themselves and all the other Freeholders within the said Borough, wasdelivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the Jate Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, Sir Wil-

liam James, Baronet, John Buller, Esquire, the Right honourable Charles JenkinJim, and Sir Grey Cooper, Baronet, were Candidates; and that Mr. Robertllickes, the Mayor and Returning Officer for the said Borough, took upon himself to reject the Votes of the Petitioners and all the other Freeholders within the said Borough, who had an undoubted Right of voting at the said Election, and who tendered their Votes for the said Sir William James and John Buller ;and admitted on the Poll for the said Charles JenkinJim and Sir G Cooper, the Votes

of several Persons who had no Right to vote, and ought to have been rejected; and that thereby a Majority of Votes was improperly received on the Poll for the said Charles Jenkinfonand Sir Grey Cooand they werere-turned as duly elected, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners and the said other Freeholders, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the Electors of the said Borough of Saltash: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 6th Day of April next, at the same Time that the Petition of John Buller, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 1 ith Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought lieceflary l<y the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

America;

Bill to detain suspected Persons.

M r. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " empower His Majesty to secure and detain Persons " charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of High " Treason, committed in any of Mis Majesty's Colonies " cr Plantations in America, or on The High the

" Crime of Piracy," w as committed; the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Yvhere the Amendment w'as Twice read; and, upon the put thereupon, agreed to by the House. xd. That the Bill, with the Amendment, be in-

then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of in the County of

Devon, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That at the lull general Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, Sir George Yonge, Baronet, Lau rence Cor, and Alexander Esquires, were Candidates; and that the said Alexander Macleod offered himselfaCaudidateabout Four Mont Its previous to the said f left ion, before which Time be was never known or heard of within the Borough, and several of the Voters <1 id not even know his Name at the Poll; and that, from the Time of his Firli Canvas to the lime of the said Election, the said Alexander Macleod was guilty of many flagrant and gross Ac's of Bribery and Corruption, giving and distributing, by himself and his Agents, to many of the Voters, and promifin.g to several others of them, very consideriubie Sums of Money, or other Rewards, to give their Votes for him at that Election; and, in particular, that the said

Macleod,1 lie Day preceding the Election, prevailed upon

O i w o

Hnnitcm

Eit&ion.

go. 20° Nroembris A. 1780.

Two of the Agents of one of the other Candidates to meet him in a Garden at Midnight, where he complained to them/that lie.had already expended considerably more than Two thousand Pounds in and about his Election, and had found it necessary to send to London for Two dboufand Pounds more, for the.like Purpose; and that, in order corruptly to procure hinvfcif to be returned, he there tampered with those Agents, and offered and gave them very large and considerable Sums of, and . ' Securities for, Money, not only to betray the Candidate in whole Interest they had previously engaged themselves, but to purchase and procure several of his Voters to poll for him the said Alexander Macleod; by reason of which Premises the said Alexander Macleod procured himself to be unduly elected and returned one of the Sitting Members for the said Borough, to the Prejudice of the said Lawrence Cox, who had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned, in direct Violation of the Freedom of Election, and to the manifest In-- jury of the Petitioners, and the other uncorrupt Voters in the said Borough; And therefore praying the House to take the PrernifeS into Consideration, and grant them such Relief therein as shall bejuft.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon jFriday the 9th Day of March next, at the same Time that the Petition of Lawrence Cox, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In purl nance of Two Acts, made in the Toth and 11 th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or > Returns of Members to serve in Parliament,

the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, 011 the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Brid dewater. A Petition of Robert Parsons, Thomas Lockjer, Charles

Election. Chinn, and others. Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Some?Jet, paying Scotland Lot in respect of Property within the said Borough, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Borough of Bridgewater, the honourable Anne Poulett, the honourable Charles James Box, John Acland, Esquire, and Benjamin Allen, Esquire, wrere Candidates; and that Thomas Phelps, Esquire, the Returning Officer of the said Borough, acted, during the whole of the Poll, with great Partiality towards the said Benjamin Allen, and admitted many Votes for him which ought to have been rejected, and particularly the Vote of the said Benjamin Allen for himself, and rejected many Votes, tendered for the said John Acland, which ought to have been admitted; and that the said Benjamin Allen, by himself and his Agents, previous to and during the Poll, was* guilty of Bribery and Corruption, and of attempting to bribe and corrupt those who had a Right to vote in the said Election, and by such, and divers other illegal and unwarrantable Acts, has procured himself to be returned with the said Anne Poulett, to serve for the said Borough in Parliament, in Prejudice of the Pcights of the Petitioners, and the other legal Electors of the said Borough, and in Defiance of the Law and Freedom of Elections: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief, as, upon Examination, shall appear to be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 9th Day of February next, at l7 .

the same Time that the Petition of John Ad and, Esquire, is ordered to betaken info Consideration.

Memorandum: \

In pursuance of Two Arts, made in the 10th and 11 tli Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition. *

A Petition of Joseph Wallis, Benjamin Symes, Clerks ^vme and Benjamin Domett Puddicombe, Burgesses of the Bo- 'Edition, rough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset, wa&delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That ever since the Beginning of the Year 1778, Giles Davie,

John Coade, Warren lAjle, George Kerbey, Robert Clarke, and others, Capital Burgesses or Burgesses of the said Borough, with a View to acquire an undue Influence at the then approaching General Election, have conspired together to prevent a legal Election of a Mayor of the said Borough; and that, in pursuance of the said Conspiracy, they procured John Coade to be illegally placed in that Office, on the 4th Day of October 1779; and the said John Coade took the said Office upon him; and that, on an Information in 2uo Warranto being filed against the said John Coade, by Leave of the Court of King's Bench, he lied from the Process of the said Court, and did not appear to the said Information until it was too late to try the same at the lati Affixes; and that the Majority ..of the Capital Burgesses, being denied their Right of voting for a Mayor of the said Borough on the 30th Day of August 1779, being the Monday next after the Feast of Saint Bartholomew, and the uiual Day for electing a Mayor of the said Borough, did assemble themselves, according to the Statute of the Eleventh of George the Firil, on the Dav following, being the Day next after the said usual Day for electing a Mayor of the said Borough, and did then duly elect William Pel erf on, one of the Capital Burgesses of the said Borough, to be Mayor of the said Borough for tin* Year then next ensuing, and that the said William Peterson was at the same Time duly Sworn into the said Office, and took upon himself to art as Mayor loon after the said John Coade absconded to avoid the Process of the Court of King's Bench, and the said William Peterson continued to act as Mayor until his Successor was duly elerted; and that, on the late Dilsolution of Parliament., the said William Peterson applied, or caused Application to be made, to the Sheriff of the County of Dorset, to have the Precept for elerting the Two Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, delivered to him, but the said Sheriff thought proper to deliver the same to the said John Coade; and that the Election of Burgesses to serve in;

Parliament for the said Borough was held the qth Day of September last, when the honourable Henry Fane, David Robert Michel, Henry Harford, and Lionel Darell,

Junior, Esquires, were nominated as Candidates to represent the said Borough; and that, at such Election, the said John Coade preffded at a Poll taken at the Town-Hall of the said Borough, and at the said Poll admitted a very large Number of unqualified Persons to vote under various illegal Claims, all of whom voted for Henry Harford and Lionel Darell, Junior; and that the said John Coade rejected, or received with a Query, a large Number of legal Votes, whic h were tendered for t lie said Henry Fane and David Robert Michel; and that, at the Poll so taken by the said John Coade, the Majority of legal Votes was in Favour of the said Henry Fane and

David

- —

21 Geo. III.

20° Novemb.

51

A!>injdon tfelioR.

David Robert Michel, but the said 7n/t« Coade declared the Majority of Voles to be in Favour of Hairy Harford and Lionel DareU, Junior, and that they were duly

elected, and hath made his Return accordingly; and that many of the Votes in Favour of the said Henry Harford and Lionel Darell, J uni or, were procured, by them or their Agents, by Means of Bribery and corrupt Agreements; and the said Davie, John Coade,

If arrfn Life, George Kerbey, and Robert Clarke, have,

previous to the late General Election, by themselves and their Agents, proposed to divers Perloris, that they would, in Consideration of large Sums of Money to be paid to them the said Giles Davie, John Coade, Pf'arren Lijle, George Kerbey ,and Robert Clarke, or their Agents,

procure such Perloris to be returned Members for the fairl Borough at such General Election; and that the said William Peterson ottered also to take a Poll in the Town-Hall of the said Borough, but was forcibly and violently prevented; that he thereupon publickly adjourned his Poll to the Custom-House within the said Borough, and there received the Votes of all legal Voters who offered to poll before him; and that, upon the said Poll, the Majority of legal Votes was in Favour of the said Henry Fane and David Robert Michel, and thereupon the said William Peterson declared the said Henry Fane and David Robert Michel duly elected, and hath made his Return accordingly; And therefore praying. That themay be heard, by their Counsel, against the Return of the said Henry Harford and Lionel Junior, Ef-

quires, and that such Relief may be granted to the Petitioners as to the House shall ieem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition betaken into Confi-

deration upon Friday ne)jt, at the same Time that the Petition ot Henry Harford, Esquire, and Lionel Darell, the Younger, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the toth and nth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were font to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, l>v themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or V arrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of William Prentice, Richard Blake, John Lezvis, William Coaling, and John Harper, Electors of the Borough ot' Abingdon, in the County of Berks, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitionersapprehend John Mayor, Esquire, has been unduly returned as a Burgel's to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that John Hardin Esquire, Mayor of the said Borough, the Returning Officer, behaved with great Partiality at the said Election, by rejecting the Votes of several Persons who had a Right of voting, and by admitting on the Poll the Votes of many Persons who had no Right of voting; and that the said John Mayor, by himself or his Agents, previous to and at the Election, was guilty of Bribery and divers other illegal and unwarrantable Acts, and by such Means procured himself to be returned for the said Borough, to the Prejudice of the Petit ioners and other legal Electors of lliefuid Borough; And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief therein as shall appear to be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 5th Day of December next, at the same Time that the Petition of driUige, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Conli-clerat ion- ' .

\'oi. 3^*

Memorandum: --

In pursuance of Two A<Ss, made in the icth and 1 ith Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to' regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafe, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for -their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Confide-;' ration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as " shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Several other Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, being offered to be prefen ted to the House; the same were delivered in at the 'fable: And the Names of the Places to which the said Petitions related, were put into the Glass at the Table, and drawn by the Clerk in the following Order;

A Petition of Thomas Delay Esquire, was read; Setting fort h, That at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Town and County of Heio-cajileuhon Tyne, Sir Matthew White Ridley', Baronet, Andrew Robinson Bowes, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the said Audiriv Robinson Bowes, and divers other Persons as his Agents and on his Behalf,'were guilty of Bribery and did, by giving Money and other Rewards, and byPromises of Money and other

Rewards, and also by Threats and other unwarrantable

7

Proceedings, prevail upon 1'eVeral Pelbnsto give their Votes at the said Election for him the said Andrew Ro-binfonBowes, who otherwise would have voted for the Petitioner, and did thereby also prevail upon several Persons to withhold their Votes at the said Election, who otherwise would have voted for the Petitioner, and did also, by hirnfelfand his Agents and Managers, after the Teste'of the Writ issued for the said Election, give to divers of the Voters, and Persons claiming to vote. Meat, Drink, and other Entertainment, in order to procure their Votes at the said Election; and that, by tlio'fe and other illegal Practices, the said Andrew Robinfun Botoes hath been unduly elected-and returned as one of the Members to serve in Parliament the said Town, in Violation of the Freedom of Election, and to the nui-nifelt Injury of the Petitioner, who had a Majority of free and legal Votersupon the Poll over the said Andrew Robinson Bowes, and was duly elected: And therefore

praying, That live House will take his same into t'on-lideration, and grant him such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That live said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 1 ft Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of toe several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Burgesses and Electors of the Townof Newcastle upon TyBehalf of themselves

and others, BurgttVes and Electors of the said Town, was also read; Setting forth, That at the bill Election of Burgefi'es to serve in Parliament for the said Town of cajile upon Tyne, Sir Matthew White Ritiley. Baronet,

drew Robinson Bowes, Esquire, and Delaval, Ef-

quire, were Candidates; and rliat the Petition- is, and a great Number of'others, Burgesses of the said Town, voted at the said Election lor the said Robinson Bowes.

and Thomas Delaval;and that the said Sir White

Ridley and Andrew Robinson Bowes were declared to have the Majority of Voices, and returned as duly elected to serve in Parliament for the said Town; and that many of the Persons who voted at the said Election for 1 he laid Sit- Matthew White Ridley were corrupted and procured by the said Sir Matthew White or his Agents, or

others on his Behalf, to give their Voices for him, by Means of Money, Bribes, Offices, Employment.-, or other Rewards by Way of Gifts, Loans, or other Devices,

Newmftle u-.io -- Tyne ElcfUon.

Ditto,

Worcester

Election.

52

vices, and by Promises of, and Agreements and Securities for. Money, Offices, Employments, Gifts, or other Rewards, and other corrupt, undue, and illegal Practices; and that the said Sir Matthew White Ridley, by himself and his Agents, and other Ways and Means on his Behalf, or at his Charge, after the Telle and issuing oat of the Writ, and during the said Election, did give, present, or allow, or engaged and agreed to give, present, or allow, to divers Persons having, or claiming to have, Voices or Votes in the said Election, Money, Rewards, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, or other Provision, in order to be elected for the said Town; and by such Means as aforesaid, many Persons were corrupted and procured to vote at the said Election, for the said Sir Matthew White Ridley, who wouldotherwise have voted for the said Andrew RohinfonBowes and Thomas Delava I; and that the said Sir Matthew White Ridley, by himself, and others on his Behalf, did also, by Money, Gifts, or Rewards, or by Promises, Agreements, or Securities for Money, Gifts, or other Rewards, and by other corrupt, undue, and illegal Practices, corrupt and

Srocure several Persons having, or claiming to have, a ight to vote in such Election, to forbear to give their Votes, and that such Persons would otherwise have voted for the said Andrew Robinson Bowes and; and that the said Sir Matthew White Ridley and his Agents, and others on his Behalf, procured many of the Persons, who voted for him at the said Election, to give their Voices for him by Menaces and Threats, and also intimidated others by Menacesand Threats from voting, for the said Andrew Robinson Bowes and Thomas Dclaval; and that several Persons were permitted by the Returning Officer to vote at such Election for the said Sir Matthew White Ridley, who had not a Right to vote, and several of the Burgesses of the said Town, who had a Right to vote, and offered to give their Votes for the said Andrew Robinson Bowes and Thomas were

not allowed to vote; and that by such Means, and by Means of other illegal and undue Practices, a Majority of Votes was obtained by the said Sir White

Ridley, but that the Majority of legal Votes was in Favour of the said Andrew Robinson Bowes and Thomas Dclaval, and the Return of the said Sir Matthew While Ridley is therefore a great Injustice to the Petitioners, and a Violation of the Freedom of Election: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give them Inch Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the lad preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 1 ith Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were leut to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of the Right honourable Sir Watkin Ijrwes, Knight, Lord Mayor of the City of London, was read; Setting forth, That at the last EieClion for Members to serve in Parliament for the City of Thomas Bates Rous, Esquire, the honourable William Ward, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that, after the Diflblution of the late Parliament, and previous to, and during the late EieClion, the said William Ward, by himself or His Agents, did bribe and corrupt, and attempt to bribe and corrupt, those who, had a Right to„

A. 1780.

vote in the said EieClion, in order to procure himself to be returned to serve in Parliament for the said City:

y w

and that several of the Aldermen, Justices, and others of the said City, formed a Plan of felling the Represen-tation of the said City at the iall General Election, fora Sum of £.4.000, or other large Sum of Money, and did treat with Persons for that Purpose, and, in order to insure Success, did hold forth, that, by creating C011-ilables, and other Methods in their Power, they qould be lure of a Majority of Votes; conformable thereto, they did, before and during the said Election, meet together, and nominated, appointed, and swore in Freemen, to the Number of Three hundred and upwards, to be Constables, to influence such Persons that they would vote for the said Mr. Ward, for which they should have certain Rewards in Money, or otherwise, which was afterwards paid to them out of the Funds of the said City, or by the said Mr. Ward, or his Agents; and that Mr. Ruflbrd, Sheriff and Returning Officer of the said City, acted partially and unfairly, before and during the Poll, in admitting Paupers, and others receiving Alms, not qualified to vote for the said William Ward, and in many other Respects was guilty of Partiality in the Execution of his Office, and particularly in refilling the Petitioner a Scrutiny when demanded; and that, by undue and oppressive Influence, and odier illegal Means, the said William Ward procured a Majority of Votes upon the Poll, and was returned to serve in Parliament for the said City, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, who had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned for the said City: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and graut the Petitioner such Relief as, upon Examination, shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition betaken into Consideration upon Tuejdaythe 23d Day of January next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the Freemen of the City of Worcester was also read; Setting forth, That at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the City of cester, the Right honourable Sir I'/a thin Lewes, Knight, now Lord Mayor of the City of London, the honourable William Ward, and Thomas Bates Rous, Eft pi ire, were, Candidates; and that several of the Aldermen, Justices, and others of the said City, hawked about, and offered the Representation of the said City for Sale at the Jail General Election, for a Sum of £. 4000 or oilier large Sum of Money, and did treat with several Persons for that Purpose; and that, in Consequence of Bribery and Corruption, and by undue and oppressive Influence committed and practised, by the said William Ward, on several of the Aldermen, Justices, and others of the said City, as Agents for the said Ward,

the. said William Ward procured a Majority of Votes upon the Poll, contrary to the general Sense and Willies of the Freemen, who would otherwise have elected the said Sir Watkin Lezves, if it had not been for illegal Means made use of in Favour of the said'Mr. Hard, as aforesaid: And therefore prftying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the fud Petition he taken into Consideration at the same Time that the lall preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were Cent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Co.unfel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as,

shall

26° Novembris.

Ditto,

2i Geo. III.

20° Novetnbris.

53

shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the

Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Stafford A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Hicdion. thereunto subscribed, Electors of the Borough of Stafford, was read; Setting forth. That at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Staf- ford, Andrew John Drummond, Richard Esquire, the honourable Edward Monk ton, and Richard Brinfeij Sheridan, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the said Edward Monklon and after the Dissolution of the last Parliament and the issuing of the Writ for the Election, and previous to and during the Poll, by themselves and their joint or respective Agents or Managers, and by other Ways, on the Behalf and at the Charge of the said Edward Monklon and Richard Brinsley Sheridan, or one of them, did give, present, and alluvv, to the Electors of the said Borough, and to several Persons who had or claimed a Right to vote in the Election for the said Borough, Money, Meat, Drink, Reward, Entertainment, and Provision, in order to procure themselvesto be elected for the said Borough, in open Defiance of the Law; and that the said Edward Monklon and Richard Brinsley Sheridan, by themselves, or their joint or respective Agents, previous to and during the Poll, were guilty of gross Bribery and Corruption, and attempting to bribe and corrupt those who had a Right to vote in the said Election, in order to procure themselves to be returned as Persons duly elected, and by those and other undue Means the said Edward Monklon and Richard Brinsley Sheridan obtained a Majority of Votes on the Poll, and were returned accordingly to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in Prejudice of the said Andrew John Drummond mid Richard Whitworth, and the Electors of the said Borough, and in open Defiance of the Law and Freedom of Elections: And there- fore praying. That the House will take the Premises into Confiaeration, and grant them, and the Freemen of the Borough of Stafford, such Relief as shall appear just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Confi-deration upon Friday the 8th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. , Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the ioth and nth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Confide-r at ion.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of James Francis Esquire, of

JForeJl, Burgher and Guild Brother of the Town of Stirling, and Member of the Town Council of the Burgh of Jfnncrkicth ing, was read; Setting forth, That by a Decree of the Court of Session of Scotland, the Magistracy and down Council of the Burgh of Stirling were set

- O O

aside on Account of the corrupt Practices of the then jVIagt ft rates and Town Counsellors, against the Rights, Priviliges, and Franchises, of the Burghers, Guild Brethren, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants; and that, by the "Law of Scotland, a Burgh, thus deprived of its lieprefen-tatives in Town Council, remains incapable of any public A /Hion until the Crown shall reliore the Burghers, Criiihl Brethren, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants thereof, to their original Rights, Priviliges, and Franchises, by a Poll Election of a new Magillracy and Town Council; and that the Crown not having been advised to reliore the said Burgh of Stirling, in the Course of the last Parliament, a now Election of a Member to serv e in the pre-Voi. 3^*

Stirling

See.

Election.

sent Parliament, for the Burghs of Stirling,

Queen ferry, Dumfermline, and Innerkiething ,has illegally taken Place without its being possible for that of Stirling to fend a Delegate to the Place of Election, and the Burghers, Guild Brethren, Tradesmen, Sic. thereby remain unrepresented in Parliament, which the Petitioner apprehends they have an undoubted Right to be, by the Act of Union, and Acts subsequent thereunto, no other Crime having been objected against them but that of having had their Rights betrayed by an unworthy Majority of their Representatives in Town Council; and that the Petitioner apprehends, if a Delegate from the Burgh of Stirling had been present at the Election of a Member to serve in the present Parliament for that and other Burghs, such Delegate would have convinced his Aftbciates from the other Burghs, that the Gentleman whom their Choice fell upon, was not a proper Personto represent this District in Parliament, the Petitioner having great Reason to believe that either the Election of the Gentleman himself, or those of some of the Delegates of the Burghs aforementioned, or the Election of Member and Delegates both, were brought about by Bribery and other illegal Practices, and the Petitioner apprehends, that the Delegate of a Burgh, chosen to elect Colonel Archibald Campbell, was not capable of electing Major James Campbell, or any other Person than him he was chosen to elect by his Burgh, and the Petitioner hopes fora Decision therein, both as a Burgher of Stirling and as a Member of the Council of Innerkiething, who would have been pleased at the Election of Colonel,

and would have voted for him if present at the Election of a Delegate for the Burgh of Innerkiething: And therefore praying. That the Merits of the Return and Election of Major James Campbell, or of any other Person who may have been elected and returned without the Assistance of a Delegate from the Burgh of Stirling, may be referred to a Committee, and the Petitioner heard therein, by himself or Counsel, upon the Matters herein dated; and that the said Committee would give some Direction to the guiltless Burghers, &'c. of the Town of Stirling, how they are to proceed in case of a new Election for Member of Parliament taking Place before the said Burgh shall be restored to the Use of its Rights, Privileges, and Franchises, by a Poll Election of Magistrates, and Town Counsellors; and likewise, that the Committee would enquire into the Causes which have induced the Crown Lawyers not to advise the Crown to restore the said Burgh, and into the Causes that may have induced the Senators of the College of Justice to delay thus longthe Punishment threatened of the principal Offenders who have brought this Calamity upon the Burgh of Stirling, and do therein as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 12th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the ioth and 1 xth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted EIedtioi>s,or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bridge-water, in the County of Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was delivered in at the l'able, and read; Setting forth, That at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of

P Bridgewater,

Bridgewater

Electioa.

54

20° JVovemhriS. .//. 1780.

Bridgewaf.er^hehoYionrMoAniiePouieityBenjaminAften, Edward Roe Tea and John Baker Holroyd, came to the ' Esquire, the honourable Charles James Fo e, and John Place of Election, and violently dragged therefrom Acland, Esquire, were Candidates; and'* that the said many of the \ oters in the Interest of the Petitioners Anne Pouleit, hv himself an4 his Agents, previous to there assembled, and took Possession of the Booth, and and during the Poll, was guilty of Bribery and Cor- all Access thereto; and also violently ailaulted the ruption, and of attempting to bribe and corrupt those Freemen who came to vote for the Petitioners, and who had a Right to vote in the said Election; and by tore off their Cloaths and ftiipped them naked to the such and divers other illegal and unwarrantable Acts, Waist, and beat, bruised, and otherwise ill-treated many has procured himself to be returned with the said Ben- of them, to the great Danger of their Lives, thereby jam in Allen to servefor the said Borough of Bridgewater preventing and intimidating them from coming up or in Parliament, in Prejudice of the Petitioners, and other near to the Place of polling, and openly declaring, legal Electors of the said Borough, and in Defiance of that they came there to support the Blues,'meaning the the Law and Freedom of Election: And therefore Interest of the said Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker , praying. That the House will take the Premises into Holroyd, and that they would not suffer any Person Consideration, and grant them such Relief therein as to approach the Booth, whom they suspected to intend ,llialI, upon Examination, appear to be just. to vote for the Petitioners; and that, on Account of

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Coufi- the said Violences and Outrages, only Four Persons deration upon Friday the 9th Day of February next, at could poll for the Petitioners on that Day, and the

the same Time that the Fetition of John Acland, Ei- Poll was adjourned to Monday the nth of September;

quire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration. and that, the Petitioners^having called upon the Sheriffs

Memorandum: to protect the Persons of the said Voters, and to pre-

' In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and serve the Freedom of Election, the Sheriffs did appoint nth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to one End of the Booth for the Voters for the Petitioners regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or to poll at, and the other for the Voters in the Interest Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, of the said Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were Cent and also appointed and fvvore Constables for keeping to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for the Peace, and Several Posts and Rails were erected for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, the Purpose of separating the Voters on each Side, and or Agents, at the d ime on which the said Pe- protecting them as they (hoiild come to the Poll; but tition was ordered to be taken into Confide- the said Rioters again assembled on the Monday^lorn-ration. ing, at the Instance and under the Direction of some

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or of the Agents, Friends, or Partisans of the said Ed-Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as tvard Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd, and then and shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the there cut and broke down the said Posts and Rails so

Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition. fixed at the Booth, and carried the same away; and

during the Poll on that Dav, being so riotously af-.Coventry . A Petition of Sir Thomas Halifax, Knight, and sembled at the Booth, they continued to obstruct and Blcdion. Thomas Rogers, Esquire, being offered to be presented hinder many of the Petitioners Voters from coming to the House; near the Place of Poll, and committed the like Vio-

The iipufe was moved, That an Act, made in the lences and Injuries as on the pth of September, so that Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- only Twenty-one Voters could get to the Poll; and tituled, " An Act to regulate the Trials of controvert- that, the said Poll being adjourned until the next Day,

' " erl Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in on the Morning of the fiune several Hundred Voters

" Parliament," might be read. for the Petitioners being peaceably assembled, and

And the same was read accordingly. standing at that End of the Booth appointed by the

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Sheriffs for them to be polled at, leaving open the

Journal of the House, of the 6th Day of December other End of the Booth for the Voters for the said 1774, of the Resolution, " That according to the true Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd to poll at, a " Construction of the said Act, whenever a Petition, great Mob of Colliers, and other Rioters, with many " complaining of an undue Election or Return of a Hundred Voters of the said last mentioned Candidates, u Member to serve in Parliament, shall be offered to came up to that Part of the Booth where the Petibe presented to the House, within the Time limited tinners Voters were peaceably (landing, and then and " by the Order of the House for questioning the Re- there dragged by the Hair of the Head, dripped, beat,

4€ turns of Members to serve in Parliament, the said and cruelly tore and bruised, many of the Petitioners

" Petition shall be delivered in at the Table, and read. Voters, and drove the rest from the said Poll, and 41 without a Question being put thereupon," might be would not permit them to come to give their Votes, read. so that only Three were able to poll that Day, and

And the same being read accordingly; the Poll was adjourned until the next Day; and that

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, the said Rioters being determined that the Petitioners That the said Petition be brought up; Voters should not have an Opportunity of coming up

It was resolved in the Affirmative. to the Poll and giving their Votes, they the said Rioters

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; assembled in the Night Time continually afterwards. Setting forth, That at the Election of Two Citi- and took Possession of the Booth, and kept and con- zens to reppefent the City of Coventry in this present tinued the' same until the Time of polling the next Parliament, Edward Roe Yeo, John Baker Holroyd, Ef- Morning of each Day, and obstructed and forcibly quires, and the Petitioners, were Candidates; and that, Unit up all Avenues to the Place of polling, and vio-: on Saturday the 9th of September last, being the Day lently and forcibly, from Time to Time, drove back of Election, several Hundreds of Freemen, having a the Sheriffs, Magistrates, and Peace Officers, whenever Right to vote at the said Election, peaceably assembled they attempted to open any Avenue or Access for the and attended at the Booth, in order to give their said Voters, and wrested the Staves out of the Hands Suffrages in Favour of the Petitioners, and, while they of the Constables, and broke them, in Contempt and were so assembled, and attending for the Purpose afore- Violation of all Law and Authority; and the same said, a great Number of Colliers, and other Persons, violent and illegal Practices were continued from Day * not Inhabitants or Freemen of the said City, riotously to Day till Monday the 18th of September duelufive; assembled together with a bine Flag and blue and and that, previous to the Day of Election, and during white Cockades, the Ensigns of the Party of the said the Poll, the Petitioners and the said Edward Roe Yeo v and

zi Geo. III.

ao° Novem

55

and John Baker Holroyd, were called upon by the

Sheriffs to poll by Tallies, whereby all Riot and Confusion might be prevented at the said Election; and the Petitioners and their Voters agreed to do so, but the said Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker and their

Friends, refuted; and the Petitioners frequently, during the Poll, proposed to the said Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroijd, that the Votes on each Side tliould be taken by Tallies, offering to allow them to retain the Majority of Twenty-seven Votes, which, by the Obstructions given to the Petitioners Voters, they had obtained, and that they should poll at the different Ends of the Booth, as appointed by the Sheriffs, and that, the Voters should be protected by the Peace Officers, but such Proposals were always refused by the said Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker and that the said Colliers and Rioters were hired or employed by the said Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd, and their Agents, and paid, entertained, and provided with Lodging, Meat, and Drink, at the Expence of the said Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd, and their Agents, and were from Time to Time excited, encouraged, and abetted, in such their Riots, Outrages, Violences, and Obstructions, by the said Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd, and by their Agents and Friends, in the Presence and with the Approbation of them the said Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd-, and that, on Account of the said Riots and Violences from Time to Time, and an outrageous Attempt upon the Persons of the Sheriffs, Magistrates, and Peace Officers, within the Booth, upon the said 18th of September, the Poll was necessarily discontinued; and that the Petitioners had several Hundred of Voters, who would have voted for them had they been permitted, abd doubt not but they would have been duly elected, by a Majority of legal Electors for the said City, but for the said Riots, Violences, and Obstructions above-mentioned; and that the Petitioners conceive the Riots and Violences aforesaid, and the Conduct of the Aiders and Abettors thereof, to be a high Infringement of the Liberty of the Subject, a direct Violation of the Freedom of Election, and an open Defiance of the Laws and Confutation of this Kingdom; and that, without the peculiar Support and Interference of the House, a free Election cannot be had for the said City of iry; and that the Petitioners are ready, with their ‘Witnesses, to prove the Truth of the several Allegations herein made: And therefore praying. That the House will hear them, by their Counsel, and take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief therein as the Nature of the same requires, and as to the House shall seem fit.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon the 6th Day of this Instant November, for Mr. Thomas Noxon and Mr. Thomas Butler, late Sheriffs of the City of Coventry, to attend this House upon Thursday next, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday next, at the same Time when the said Sheriffs are ordered to attend this House.

Ordered, That the Petitioners be permitted to be then heard, by their Counsel, in Support of the Matters contained in their said Petition.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd,

Esquires, do attend this House upon Thursday next, at the same Time when the said Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration;

The House was moved. That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the ad Day of May 17715, of the Proceedings of the House in relation to the Bill to itate certain Persons therein mentioned from Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Elec-Members to serve in Parliament, for the Bo-

38.

rough of Ilindon, in the county of ; and of the

Order for the Attendance of Richard Smith, Esquire; might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Special Return made by Mr. Thomas Noxon and Mr. Thomas Butler, late Sheriffs of the City of Coventry, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Coventry thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and Election. several Hundred others. Freemen of the City of Coventry, and entitled to vote in the Election of Citizens to represent the said City in Parliament, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That at the Election of two Citizens to represent the said City in this present Parliament, which began on Saturday the 9th of September last, Sir Thomas Halifax,

Knight, and Thomas Rogers, Esquire, and also Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd, Esquires, Hood Candidates; and that the Petitioners intended to have given their Votes for the said Sir Thomas and Thomas

Rogers, and for that Purpose attended at the Booth several, different Times during the Continuance of the Poll, which, by divers Adjournments, was kept open from the said Ninth of September to the Eighfeerlth of the said Month, inclusive, but were prevented by a daring and outrageous Mob of lawless and disorderly Persons, to the Number of One thousand and upwards, amongst whom were a great many Colliers, and other audacious Persons, not Inhabitants or Freemen of the said City, who riotously assembled themselves at the Place of Election with blue Flags, and blue and white Cockades, the Ensigns of the Party of the said Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd, and not 011'y took Possession of the Booth, and all the Avenues thereto, but also violently assaulted the Freemen who came to vote for the said Sir Thomas and Thomas

Rogers, and stripped, beat, bruised, and otherwise ill-treated many of them, to the manifest Danger of their Lives, thereby preventing and intimidating them frdm polling, the said Rioters openly declaring, that they came there to support the Blues, meaning the Interest of the said Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd, and that they would fight and die for them, and would not suffer any Person to approach the Booth whom they suspected would vote for the other Candidates; and that the said Rioters, were encouraged and abetted in such their Outrages and Violences by the said Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd, and their Agents and

Friends, and were actually hired and employed by, and paid and entertained at the Expence of them, or some of them; and that, on Account of the said Mobs,

Riots, and Violences, the Poll was discontinued upon the said Eighteenth of September, whereby the Election of Citizens to serve for the said City hath been prevented, the City deprived of its Representalion in Parliament, and the Petitioners, and several Hundreds more of the Freemen frustrated in the Exercise of their Franchise and Right of voting for Members to represent them; and that the Petitioners conceive the Mobs, Riots, and Violences aforesaid, and the Conduct of the Aiders and Abettors thereof, to be a high Infringement upon the Liberties of the Subject/a direct

Violation of the Freedom of Election, and an open Defiance of the Laws and Constitution of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Rel ief therein as the Nature of the same requires, and as to the House shall seem fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

A Petition

5 6 20° Novemb* 1780.

A Petition of Edward Ho Esquire, and John

Baker Ilolrvyd, Esquire, was presented to the House,

find read; Setting forth, Tfiat the Sheriffs of the City and County of Coventry, having appointed the gth of tember lad to proceed to the Election of Representatives in Parlmment for the said City, and the Petitioners, with Sir Thomas Hallifax, Knight, and Thomas Rogers,

Esquire, who flood on the luterefl of the Mayor and Aldermen of Coventry, and who had been mentioned

only Four Days previous to the Poll, having offered themselves Candidates, the Sheriffs, who arechofen by the Mayor and Aldermen, were the declared Friends and Partisans of the said Sir Thomas Hallifax and Thomas Rogers, and shewed the most flagrant Partiality towards them from the Beginning and throughout the Poll; that they constructed the Booth in the Outlet of the Business in so very diladvantageous a Manner for the Petitioners, that whilll the Petitioners and their Agents and Friends, were obliged to ascend by a Ladder, Sir Thomas Hallifax and Thomas Regers and their Agents and Friends, were allowed a commodious Access through the Mayor's Parlour, belonging to the Mayor and Aldermen, where they conflantiy retired with the Sheriffs during the several Adjournments and Delays of the Poil; and that the Sheriffs refused, without any just Cause, to take the Votes of many hundred Freemen, who daily, and from Time»to Time, in a peaceable and accustomed Manner, offered themselves to poll for the Petitioners, at the same Time admitting the Poll of several Freemen for the said Sir Thomas Halifax and Thomas Rogers over the Heads of the Freemen next the Booth, tendering to poll for the Petitioners; that they frequently adjourned the Poll on divers frivolous Pretences, and contrary to the repeated and urgent Requests of the Petitioners, and divers of the Freemen then peaceably attending and ready to poll; and that, during such Adjournments, they held frequent Consultations with the said Sir Thomas Halifax and Thomas Rogers-, that they knowingly suffered and permitted one of the Clerks in the Booth grossly to insult the said John Baker Holroyd in the Face of all the Freemen; that they, or One of them, collared one of the Petitioners principal Agents, because he was taking down the Names of the Freemen who demanded to poll, and threatened to fend a Constable to turn him out of the Booth, unless he desisted; and that they arbitrarily and illegally delayed on several Days to begin the Poll at the Time fixed by their Adjournment, and one Day discontinued the Poll at the End of the Booth where the Voters for the Petitioners were moll numerous, at the same Time continuing it at the other End of the Booth, without giving any Reason, except that the Clerk appointed to administer the Oaths to the Voters for the Petitioners was absent upon private Business, and, though frequently requested, they refused to appoint another Clerk in his Stead; and that they, in a most arbitrary and partial Manner, took upon themselves to assign, and persisted in assigning, to the Voters for the Petitioners, a much less advantageous Part of the Booth than that which they assigned to the Voters for the other Candidates, and refused to permit any Pol! to proceed for several Days when there was not the leall Pretence of a Riot, unless the Freemen in the Petitioners Interest would withdraw from the Place of Polling, where they then peaceably and quietly stood, to make Way for the Voters of Sir Thomas Halifax and Thomas Rogers to poll first; and that they frequently insulted and menaced the Voters in the Interest of the Petitioners, calling them a Mob, in order to intimidate them from polling, and in Violation of the Freedom of Ele6lioti, and ordering them to withdraw after they had waited several Hours in a peaceable Manner in order to poll; and still persisted in refilling to permit the Poll to proceed, although the Friends of the Petitioners offered, in case they would point out any Person that was not a 1*

Freeman, or that had already polled, that they Would assist in removing him from the Booth; and that they conducted themselves in the like arbitrary and illegal Manner from thegthof Seplemberto the iSthof the same Month inclusive, whereby no more than Eighty-three Freemen were permitted to poll; although, if the Sheriffs had not acted in Manner aforesaid, but had permitted the Poll to have proceeded in the Manner that had been usual at former Elections, a Free Election might have been had, and the Poll closed within the Time aforesaid, after taking the Votes of all Persons entitled to poll at the said Election j and that, on the i8lhof September, notwithstanding the Freemen had

for several Days peaceably attended to poll; and there was not the least Appearance of Riot and Confusion, so as to prevent the said Sheriffs from proceeding in the Poll, they ordered all Persons to withdraw from the* Part of the Booth were several of the Friends of tire Petitioners then were; and though the Sheriffs were repeatedly told that there were none but Freemen there; and that they would withdraw as soon as they had polled, a large Mob of Colliers and others issued frdm a Public House near or adjoining to the Mayor's Parlour, being the Place where the Mayor and Aldermen assemble, which House was a Place of Reception for the Friends of Sir Thomas Halifax and Thomas Rogers, and attacked the Freemen in the Interest of the Petitioners in a most outrageous and violent Manner, and endeavoured, by Force and Violence, to drag away the Friends of the Petitioners; and, because lorne of the Freemen refused to depart until they had polled, having waited peaceably for that Purpose, and notwithstandinga Proposal h&d then been made by the Petitioners for the polling the Freemen alternately. One and One, on the Front of the Booth, a great Number of Persons armed with Staves and Bludgeons, hired and made Constables for the pretended Purpose of quelling Riots which did not exist, did, by the Command of the Under Sheriff, rush out of the Mayor's Parlour, in which they had been stationed, into the Booth, and forcibly endeavoured to drive away, and with their Bludgeons struck the Bodies, Hands, and Arms of many of the Voters, then standing peaceably in the Front of the Booth; and the Under Sheriff encouraged divers of the said Colliers and others to beat and ill treat divers of the Freemen in the Interest of the Petitioners, without any Cause whatever; and that, under Pretence of the Confusion created in Manner aforesaid, and of which the said Sheriffs, their Under Sheriff, Agents, and Confederates, were the foie Cause, and though soon afterwards every Thing remained quiet, in and round the Booth, though the said Sheriffs had no just Reason to apprehend, nor had they during the Election sustained any personal Violence, though there Hill remained upwards of Forty Days before the Day appointed for the Return of the Writ, yet the said Sl>e-riffs, with a View to prevent any Election being had, which, if fairly had, they knew, or believed would be in Favour of the Petitioners by a large Majority, did arbitrarily, illegally, and corruptly, declare the Poll to be finally closed, and did afterwards, though repeatedly requdted, refuse to inform the Petitioners, whether they intended to make any and what Return to His Majesty's Writ, nor did they deliver any Return to the Clerk of the Crown till within Three Days of the Meeting of Parliament, and near Forty Days after such closing of the Poll, for the Purpose of carrying on their malicious Views, and embarralfing and dillrefling the Petitioners in every Step necessary to be taken on the Meeting of Parliament; and that the Petitioners do most particularly complain of the audacious FaUhood contained in the special Return of the said Sheriffs, which Rates, that on the First Day of the Poll upwards of Five hundred Persons, not Inhabitants or Freemen of Coventry, having Badges w?hich distinguilli-ed the Party of the Petitioners, did tuinultuously and . riotously

j

2i Geo. III. ao" Novembris.

Coventry

Ele&xon.

riotously assemble and impede the Election, and so continued to do from Time to Time during the Election; and that, fmce the doling of the Poll, the Mayor and Corporation have admitted to their Freedom, under Pretence of Right, several Persons in their own Interest, who by the Constitution of the City are not entitled thereto, and at the same Time have refused to admit many Friends of the Petitioners who have an unquestionable Right to the fame; and this, as the Petitioners alledge, was a principal View with the Aldermen and Sheriffs in preventing an Election, for, by this Measure, they expected to carry a future Election, if they could not in the mean Time, by the great Expence brought on by their unjuUCondud, compel the Petitioners to give up the Contest, of which they had expressed their Hopes; and that the said Sheriffs, Under Sheriff, Mayor, and Samuel and Thomas Collet, Aldermen, and also the said Sir Thomas Halifax and Thomas Rogers, with their Confederates^ were guilty of divers other illegal Ada before, during, and since the Close oT the Poll, contrary to thre Freedom of Election, and the Rights of the Freemen of Coventry, and the Petitioners alledge, that the Conduct of the said Sheriffs, Under Sheriff, and their Associates and Confederates as above stated, was calculated and intended io promote the Views and Interests of the said Sir Thomas Halifax and Thomas Rogers, and to prevent -the Election and Return of the Petitioners, who had a large fMajority of legal Voters then and there attending, arid as the' said Sheriffs well knew or believed would have had a Majority of legal Voters upon the Poll if the same had been permitted to proceed, as will appear by a Schedule, Ggned by 119a of the Electors, ready to be produced to the House, exclusive of the 56 who bad polled for the said Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd', by Means of all which Proceedings of the said Sheriffs and their Confederates, the due Execution of His Majesty's Writ has been wilfully obstructed, the Freedom of Election fliameftflly invaded, and the Petitioners have been deprived of the Votes of a great Majority of the Electors of Coventry, in Violation of the Privileges of the House, and of the Rights and I'ranchises of the Electors of Coventry, and the great Damage of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the Hofife to take the Premises into Consideration, to inflict suchPunishment on the said Sheriffs, Under Sheriff, and their Associates and Confederates, and to give the Petitioners and the Electors of Coventry, such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and Several Hundred other Freemen of the City of Coventry, and entitled to vote in the Election of Citizens to represent the said City in Parliament, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Sheriffs of the said City and County of Coventry having, in pursuance of His Majesty's Writ, given Notice by Proclamation, that they should proceed to the Election of Two Citizens of the said City on Saturday the 9th Day of September last, and Roe Yeo and

Baker Holroyd, Esqullf'es (the late Sitting Members) having before such Proclamation made, offered them-l'elves as Candidates for the said City, the Petitioners, to the Number of many Hundreds, affemhied in an orderly and peaceable Manner in the Morning of the said 9th Day of September, at the Booth which had been erected by the Sheriff's, for the Purpose of tendering themselves, and did tender themselves to give their Votes for the said Edward Roe Yeo and John roi/dow the said Election; and that, on the after

oiling only Nineteen Voters on Behalf of

itttd John Baker Holroyd, Esquires, and Four Voters

3$fcalf of Sir Thomas Halifax ami Thomas Rogers,

the other Candidates, the Sheriffs unjustly re-

____ to take the Votes of many Hundreds of the

- > who had so assembled themselves and de-

"HTck.. 38.

manded to poll for the said Edward Roe Yoeandjohn Baker Holroyd, and without any just Cause adjourned

the Poll till the Monday Morning following; and that the Freemen, to the Number of mauy Hundreds, again attended on the said Monday Morning at the Time appointed by the Sheriffs, and peaceably offered thera-feives at the usual and accustomed Place of Election, demanding to poll for the said Edward Roe Fee and John Baker 'Holroyd, but tire Sheriffs refused tot take the Votes of the Petitioners and the other Freemen m-discriminately and indifferently as they appeared and came up to the Booth; arid, to favour the Views of the said Sir Thomas Halifax and Thomas Rogers, partially polled several Voters for the said Sir Thomas Halifax and Thomas Rogeirs, who were pointed out to the said Sheriffs by the said Sir Thomas Halifax and Thomas Rogers, one or both of them, ovief the Heads of and in Preference to the Petitioners and a Number of the Freemen, who had been and were in a peaceable Man-, ner Handing and waiting next and round the Booth for a considerable Time, tendering and offering to vote for the said Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd, Esquires; and that, at other Times, and further tef favour the Views of the said Sir Thomas HaUifaxand Thomas Rogers, the Sheriffs took the Votes of federal Persons for the said Sir ThomHaUifaxand Tfomas Rogers, in the Front and at the Ends ^tiW$both, and refused to poll the Freemen for the laid Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd, declaririgtbey would take their Votes only at one End, and that atadifadvant tageous Part of the Booth; and that the said Sheriffs delayed for many Hours, and on several Days, to open the Poll at the Time fixed by their Adjournment, and protracted the Election by frequent Adjournments on various groundless and frivolous Pretences, and discontinued the Poll at the End of the Booth where the Voters for the said Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd, Esquires, were found to be most numerous, giving no other Reason than that the Clerk, appointed to administer the Oaths to the Freemen at that End of the Booth was gone away to t ran fad his own private Affairs, and refused to appoint any other in his room, though frequently applied to for that Purpose; and that the Mayor and some of the Aldermen of the said City, with the Concurrence, and under the Directions of the Sheriffs, Hood upon an elevated Part of the Booth, writing down the Names of the Freemen who were coming up to poll for the said Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd, Esquires, and declared that they would particularly mark them, thereby endeavouring to intimidate them from voting for the said Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd; and that the said Sheriffs, and their Under Sheriff, during the Poll, read, or caused to be read, frequent Proclamations against Riots, when none existed, and called the Petitioners and the other Freemen, who were peaceably assembled to vote-for the said Edward Roe Teo and John Baker royd, a Mob, and without any just or reasonable Cause, adjourned the Poll from Day to Day, and refused to take their Votes, contrary to, and in Violation of the Freedom of Election; and that the Sheriffs, Under Sheriff, the said-Sir Thomas Halifax, Thomas Rogers, and some of the Aldermen, Constables, and others under the Direction of the Sheriffs, attempted violently and by.Force to drive away the Petitioners and other - Freemen peaceably assembled at the Plage of polling, and tendering their Votes for the said Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd, Esquires; and that the Sheriffs partially and wilfully assembling and continuing themselves with the said Sir Thomas Halifax and Thomas Rogers, in the Council Room or Mayor's Parlour,'during the several Adjournments by the Sheriff's, and con-ilantly associating and conferring together, did corruptly and illegally combine to obstruct and prevent the Election of the said Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd, who had a large Majority of legal

Q Votes;

20°' Novembris.

A. 1780*

Vote*; amT that the said Sheritfs, Mayor, and Alder-nen, admitted several and improper Pqrforis,'Servants, 3md others, who had no Business there, into the -Booth from the Council Room or Mayor's Parlour, in order to rnfnlt and otherwise'ill treat the Petitioners and the -other Freemen assembled. to vote for Edward Hoc Yeo and John Baker Holroyd, Esquires; and that particularly oh the Morning of the 18th of September, being the last Day of the Pott. and notwithstanding the Freemen. had for several' Days peaceably and constantly attended" to poll, and there was not, nor had been for several Days ,paftr. any Appearance of Riot or Con-fofion j vtor any Pretence of the same given by the said Sheriffs to' cbftrudt them, from proceeding", with the Poll, the Sheriffs'marie a .'Proclamation-; ordering all Persons to remove from that Part of the Booth where the Petitioners and Freemen had been waiting for many Hours to poll for the said Edward. Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd, Esqaires,:to make'room. for the Voters ofrtlie said Sic Thomas Hallifax sind.1T/10mas Rogers, and requiring all Persons to assist them-in driving away 'the Petitioners and the other Freemen who waited to

- poll r for Ahe -fiaid, Edward Roe Yeo an Baker

bHplroycL}&tid although she Sheriffs were repeatedly told 1 there tvere none but Freemen thCte, and that they

would jgo.awky as.soon as they were polled, a large Mob-'of Colliers and others came forth and attacked, ^and iil s^very outrageous Manner endeavoured to push t and-drag away the Petitioners and the other Freemen

frofe the Booth, and because the Freemen perilled in staying the re till they had polled, and, notwithstanding . a Negotiation was carrying on, and at that Time far

advanced, for agreeing to poll the Freemen alternately One and One, a great Number of other People, armed

- with Staves and Bludgeons for the Purpose, and made Constables under the Pretence of quelling a Riot, and whohad'been a considerable Time kept and stationed there for the Purpose, did, by the Advice and Orders of the-Under Sheriff, rulh out of the Council Chamber or Mayor's Parlour into the Booth, and forcibly endeavoured to drive away, and with their Bludgeons pushed and firuck, the Electors in the Interest of the said Edicard Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd, Esquires, upon their Hands and Arms, as they were Handing round and leaning upon the Booth in a peaceable and

quiet Manner offering to vote for the said Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker H, and the said Under . Sheriff did, at fundrv Times, encourage and stimulate 1 divers Colliers and other riotous Mobs, to beat and ill , treat the Petitioners and others the Freemen in the Interest' of the said Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd-, send that under Pretence of the said Confusion, in Ea6l occasioned by themselves, and notwithstanding the Ditiurbancefoon subsided, and every Thing remained quiet round the Booth, the Freemen Hill waiting the re to give their Votes in Expectation of the ' Poll going on as it ought to have done, the Under Sheriff, to the great Surprize of the Petitioners and the other . Freemen, came out of the Council Chamber or Mayor's Parlour, and declared, that the Poll was finally closedj and the Petitioners verily believe and infill that the Poll -was closed, and that the Sheriffs made no Return

of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, because they- were convinced that the said Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd had a large Majority of

real Voters, and in order to have an Opportunity of admitting a Number of Persons to the Freedom of the said City, in the Interest of the said Sir Thomas Hallifax and Thomas Rogers, not entitled to their Freedom; ah hough they have lefufed their Freedom to several others legally entitled to the fame, in the Interest of the

laid Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd; and that on the Closeof-the Poll the Numbers flood as fol-

lows: For Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd Fifty-six; and for Sir Thomas Ilallifax and Thomas Rogers,

1 went v-seven; and that by the Proceedings of the said

Sheriffs, and the Return made by them to the House, the -Petitioners and the other Freemen of the said City are not reprefehted in Parliament as they ought to beand that the Conduct of the Sheriffs during the said Election was manifestly partial, arbitrary, and illegal, and -calculated for the Purpose of obliruAing the said Election, thereby to answer the Views of them, and their Party; and that, if the said Sheriffs had conducted themselves in a peaceable and impartial Manner, a fair and open Election might have been had, in Obedience to His Majesty's Writ, the Execution whereof was obstru&ed in open Defiance of the Right Of Election, and so the manifest Prejudice of all the Electors of the said'Gity: And: therefore, praying the House to take the Premises ihlto:Considerat.ion, and to grant them such Relief, and to inflict such Punishment oii the Sheriffs and Under Sheriff, or otherwise, as to the House Avail seem meet and just; and that they may . be represented- in Parliament.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be taken into Consideration upon Thursday next, at the same Time when the Sheriffs of the City of Coventry are ordered to attend -thts Floufe. 1 -

...>r.-;:

A.Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the Manors and Parishes - of Highclere and Burghclere, in the County of Sou&l-ampton, whpfie Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Manors and Parishes of Highclere and Burghclere', in the County of Southampton; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend there are many Clauses and Provisions contained in the said Bill that are highly injurious to their Property, and, should the same pass into a Law as now drawn, they should be great Sufferers thereby: And therefore praying. That they may be heard by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect their several Rights and Properties, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Thanks of this House be given to the Right honourable Sir Fletcher Nortothe late Speaker of this

House, for his Conduct during the Time he filled the Chair in the Two last Parliaments;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for ha Yeas, |

Tellers for the Noes, ^f IF } *

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for tin- Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered,

Highclere, & c.

I. cloture.

Thanks

to

Sir Fletcher Norton, the late Speaker.

Supply Bill j Land Tax.

11 Geo. III.

o o

20 — 2.1

Novembris.

59

Supply Bill; Duties on Ma!t, See.

Ordered, That it be an Instructiop to the said Com-fhittee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax of the Year 1779, out of the Supplies granted for the Year i 7 81.

Thfn the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report-be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Hay, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to direct, that the Deficiency, which fha.Il be on the 25th Day of March 1781, of the Income of the Duties on Malt granted for the Year 1779, to satisly Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1781.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received to Tomorrow Morning.

Bridge Mr. Elwes presented to the House, according to Or-& Fyheld der, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Ninth and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending and keeping in Repair such Part of the Roads described in the last mentioned Act as leads from the End of Culharn Bridge next to Calham, in the County of Oxford, to the End of Burford Bridge next to Abingdon, in the County of Berks, and from The Mayor's Stone, at the End of Boar Street, in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to in the said County of

Jicrks, and from thence to the West End of the Town of Fyfield, in the same County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

I £,.cr*s A Petition of John Herman Kater, was presented to

1 Nat. the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according? to the Prayer of the said Petition: Aud that Nf r. Elwesand Mr. Hartley do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

_. \n ingossed Bill for further continuing an Act, made

in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present \ ft jolly, intituled, "An Act to impower His Majesty

VOL. 3«-

Roads.

" to secure and detain Persons changed with, or suspected of, the Crime of High Tfeafon, committed " in any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations tn " America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime of " Piracy," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to impower His Majesty lo.ferftmt " and detain Persons charged with, or suspecteifof^the " Crime of High Treason, committed in any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy."

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, arid desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That, the Order of the Day, for the Second (Riots) Reading of the Bill to extend the Provisions contained ^onvemeuces in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, in- to tituled, " An Act to prevent any Mischief or Incon- Sheriffs, &c. " veoience which may arise to Sheriffs, Gaolers, Sui- tors, Prisoners, or others, by the Prisoners in several " Gaols in the Counties of Middlesex and and the City of Londo?i, having been set at Liberty " during the late Tumults and Insurrections," be now-read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Way* Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the »n«JMeaos. whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the Hotife adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis^ 210 die Nov

Anno a i* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

THE Right honourable Algernon Percy, commonly* Berralfrou called Lord Algernon Percy, beiugchofen a Knight Writ,

of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Northumberland, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Beeral/lon, in the County of , made his Election to serve for the said County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Beeral/lon, in the County of Devon, in the room of the said Lord Algernon Percy.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to TamworUi the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for. w"t.

the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tamworlh,\ 11 the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, in the room of Anthony Cha-micr, Esquire, deceasid.

Ordered,

6o

2i° Novetnbris. A. 1780.

LaunceftoH

Writ.

Huntingdon

Writ.

Steyning

Writ.

Aldborough

Writ.

Wenlock

Writ.

Malim (bury Writ.

H.rfliarn

Writ.

Weymouth

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dunheved, alias , in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the Right honourable James Cecil, commonly called Lord Viscount burn, now Earl of Salisbury, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ.for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Huntingdon, in the County of Huntingdon, in the room of Sir George ITombwell, Baronet, deceased.

Filmer Honywood, Esquire, being chosen a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament >for the County of Kent, and also a Burgess for the JBorough of Steyning, in the County of Sitffix, made his Election to serve for the said County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex, in the room of the said Filmer Honywood, Esquire.

Sir Richard Sutton, Baronet, being chosen a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Sandioich, in the County of Kent, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Aldborough, in the County of York, made his Election to serve for the said Town and Port of Sandioich.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aldborough, in the County of York, in the room of the said Sir Richard Sutton, Baronet.

Thomas Whitmore, Esquire, being chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Wenlock, in the County of made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Bridgnorth.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wenlock, in the County of Salop, in the room of the said Thomas Whitmore, Esquire.

the Right honou rable George Legge, commonly called Lord Viscount Lewisham, being chosen a Knight of the

Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Stafford, and also a Burgess for the Borough of

Malmesbury, in the County of and also a Burgess

for the Borough of Ilor/ham, in the County of Sirffhx, made his Election to serve for the said County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malmejbu, in the County of

Wilts, in the room of the said I^ord Viscount ham.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ilor/ham, in the County of Sussex, in the room of the said Lord Viscount Leioiff-ham.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament

for the Borough of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset, in the room of Warren Lijle, Esquire, who fmee his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty's Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to file Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of London, in the room of John Kirk man, Esquire, deceased.

The honourable John St. John, being chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of‘Newport, in the County of Southampton, and also a Burgess for the Borough of in the county of ..Cornwall, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Midhurst, in the County of Suffer, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Newport.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the ele&ing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lejlwithiel, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the said Mr. St. John.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough % f Midhurst, in the County of Sussex, in the room of the said Mr. St. John.

Sir HarbordHarbord reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parishes of Shote/ha Saint Mary, Shotesham Saint Botolph, S 1

Shotesham Saint Marlins, in the County of was

committed , and to whom the Petit ion of some of the principal Owners, and other Proprietors of Lands and Tenements, in the Parishes of the Shotejhams, in the County of Norfolk, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of Apr 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee 'except the Proprietors of 448 Acres and z Roods, whose Assessmant to the Land Tax amounts to 181.- 10.?. per Annum; and that the whole Property belonging to the Proprietors having Right of Common, confide of 3,223 Acres 3 Roods and 18 Perches, which is assessed to the Land Tax at £. 1,304. 1 o s. per Annum); and that the Committeee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once road throughout; and then a Second Time One by One; and, upon the Quel-tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Prisoners confined for Debt within His Majesty's Gaol of the County of Carnarvon: And also,

A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors confined in His Majesty's Gaol at Chelmsford, in the County of Essex: And also,

A Petition of William Short and oilier-, Prisoners confined for Debt in Fi/herlon Prison, in the County of Wilts;

Were severally presented to the House, and

l.orvion

Writ.

Ltftutthiel

Writ.

Midhurst

Writ.

Shotrfham In do lure.

D Colors

Petitions

Ditto.

' Ditto.

(Riots) Preventing Inconveniences to Sheriff Sec.

Gloucester Gaol, &c.

n i G'eo. IIL

1T Novembris.

6t

read; Complaining of their Diitrcfs, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in Clerienwell Br id rival!, in the County of Middlesex, was prefen ted to the'l iouie, and read; Complaining of the great Inconveniences they labour under, and the Hazard to which their Healths are exposed, in Consequer.ee of the contracted Stale of the said Brideicell, and the great Number of Debtors and Felons confined therein; and taking Norice of the Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prevent any Mischief or Inconve-" nience which may arise to Sheriffs, Gaolers, Suitors, " Prisoners, or others, by the Prisoners in several Gaols " in the Counties of Middle/?.r and Surrey, and the " City of London, having been set at Liberty during K the late. Tumults and.Infuneftions:" And therefore praying. That the said Bill may be extended to the Petitioners, and that they may be entitled to the same Privileges, and lubieft to the same Penalties, and with the same Indemnity for the Sheriff of Middlesex, as by the said Bill is intended for the Marshal of The King's Bench, or Warden of The Fleet, and as any Defendant who was arrested before the Destruction of Nezvgate, 7he Kings Bench, and Prison of The Fleet, are entitled to, and to such further Relief as to the House shall set*m meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Kater'i

Nat.

Pope's

Nat.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the City of ingrossed. Gloucester, in Belialf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That The Upper North-gate, or Common Gaol of the said City, is inconvenient and incommodious, and is situate across one of the principal Streets, which often occasions Obftmftions to loaded Waggons and Carriages, and that the same is an ancient Building, and greatly decayed, so that it is necessary that a new and more eommodious Gaol for the firfd City should be built; and that the two other Gateways, caljed The Lower Northgate and The Southgate, within the said City, are also across principal Streets, and are inconvenient to Persons, Cattle, and Carriages, passing through the fame; and that there are many Defects in the several Acts of Parliament passed relating to the Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the said City, and lighting the lame; and there are also several Defects and Imperfections in the Act lately passed, for inforcing the proper paving and cletmfing the several Streets within the said City, and for removingNuifances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and that sufficient Powers are not given therein for effecting those Purposes: Aiid therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for removing the present City Gaol, and erecting a new and more commodious one, and for removing the Two other Gates of the said City,

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it -shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Barrow, Mr, Elwes, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend For Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Elwes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Herman Kater: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Simeon Pope, was read a Second Time.

Rc/olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes, Mr. Barrow, Sc.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the *

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for MaltC &c* continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

called The Lower Northgate and Southgate; for amending the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the said City, and better lighting the fame; for amending the said Act lately passed, for the proper paving and deanfing the several Streets within the said City, and for remov ing Nu.fauces and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for giving further and other Powers for those Purposes; and for further Im-provemems of the said Cir.v.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Co; aid era; i on of a Committee: And that they do exa-

Vol. 38.

The House was moved. That the several Orders, appointing the Days for taking into Consideration the several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament (except the Orders for taking into Consideration the several Petitions complaining of the Double Return for the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dur-set) might be read.

And the said Orders being severally read accordingly, the same were, on the Queliion being severally put thereupon, ordered to he discharged.

Ordered, That the Petition of Charles Philip Jenni?igs, Okctampton Esquire, complaining of an undue EJ eft ion and Return for the Borough of Okehampton, in the County of Devon, betaken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 23d Day of January next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of John Lewis, Esquire; and also the Petition of Edward Lewis, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the Borough of New Radnor, in the County of Radnor, be taken mto Consideration upon Friday the 26th Day of January next, at Three of the Clock in the Alter noon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Thomas Wooldridge,

Esquire; and also the Petition of William Prentice,

Richard Blake, John Lewis, William Couling, and John Harper, Electors of the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Friday the ad Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon*

Ordered, That the Petition of the Right honourable Sir Walkin Lewes, Knight, Lord Mayor of the City of London; and also the Petition of the Freemen of the City of Worcejkr, severally complaining of an undue Electiou and Return for the said City of Worcester, be R taken

Election.

New

Radnor

Election.

Abingdon

Ele&iOQ*

W'TCtifier

Ele&ioa.

61 2i° Novembris. A. 1780.

taken into Consulerattqn Upon TuesdayIhe 6th Day of complaining of an undue Election and Return for the February next, ;tt Three of the Clock in the After- said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon noon. the 27th Day of Februarynext, at Three of the Clock

Hellfton -That the Petition of PhilipFer/r, Esquire; in the Afternoon.

Election. fln(| ajf0 ||,e Petition of the Right honourable Thomas Ordered, That the Petition of Sir Paterson, of Hyde, commonly called Lord Hyde, and William Evelyn, Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and

Esquire, Lieutenant General of His Majesty's Forces; Return for the County of be taken into Con-

mid also the Petition of Matthew I''ills, Richard Pen- sideration upon Friday the 2d Day of March next,.at r hall, and William Rogers, Freemen of the Borough of Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

fielljtvn, iti the County of Cornwall, severally com- Ordered, That, the Petition of the honourable Percy plaining of an undue Election and Double Return for Wyiulham, complaining of an undue Election and Re-the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon turn for the Borough of Arundel, in the County of Friday the 9th Day of February next, at Three of the be taken into Consideration upon the

' Clock in the Afternoon. 6th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the

Dumbarton Or<fr/rrf, That the Petition of the honourable George Afternoon.

Elation. KeithElphinftone, Captain in I Its Majesty's Navy; and Ordered, That the Petition of John Saunders and

also the Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Alexander llume, Esquires; and also the Petition of cer--D//»rf>rtr£tw, thereunto subscribing; and also the Petition tain Freeholders of the Borough of in the

of the Freeholders of the County of Dumbarton there- County of whose Names are thereunto subscribed, unto subscribing, severally complaining of an undue in Behalf of themselves and other Freeholders of the Election and Return for the said County, be taken into said Borough, severally eomplaining of an undue Elec-Consideration upon Tuesday the 13th Day of Februarytion and Return for the said Borough, be taken into

next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. Consideration upon Friday the 9th Day of March

Orkney Or dttrd.That the Petition of Charles Dundas;and next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon,.

ami also the Petition of Patrick Graeme of Grcemefiall, Tho- Ordered, That the Petition of Ef-'

Election 7f!f,s Dundas of Fingojk, George Haldane of Glineagles, quire; and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Robert Laing, James Riddoch, Captain John Traill, and Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves Thomas Traill, Barons and Freeholders of the County and others the Electors of the Borough of Clilhero, in and Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland, severally com- the County of Lancajkr, severally complaining of an plaining of an undue Election and Return for the said undue Eieclion and Return for the said Borough, be County and Stc\vartry, betaken into Consideration upon taken into Consideration upon the 13th Day

Friday the j 6 th Day of February next, at Three of the of March next, at Three of the Clock in the After-Clock in the Afternoon. noon.

Bridgewater Ordered, That the Petition of John Aeland, Esquire; Ordered, That the Petition of Sir Laiorence Dundas, Election, and also the Petition of Robert Parsons, Thomas Lockyer, Baronet; and also the Petition of the Right honourable

Charles-Chvtn, and others. Inhabitants of the Town and the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, of the Borough of Bridgeicater, in the County of Somerfel, City of Edinburgh; and also the Petition of several paying Scotland Lot in respect of Property within the Electors for the City of Edinburgh, severally complain-ftiid Borough; and also the Petition of the several Per- ing ofan undue Election and Return for the said City, ions, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 16th Day the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, of March next, at Three of the Clock in the After-whose Names are thereunto subscribed, severally com- noon.

plaining of an undue El eft ion and Return for the said Ordcm/, That the Petition of Lawrence Cox, Esquire; y Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the and also the Petition of the several Persons whose 20th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of Burgesses the Afternoon. to serve in Parliament for the Borough of in

Kirbendbrifiit Ordered, That the Petition of John Gordon, of Ken- the County of Devon, severally complaining of an un-Eletfion. morv, Esquire; and also the Petition of William Craickdue Election and Return for the said Borough, be

of Arbigland, John New all, of Barjkeoch, John Syme, of taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 20th Day Jl leckle Culloch, Adam Craick, Younger, of Arbigland, of March next, at Three of the Clock in the After-

Patrick Heron, of Heron, George Maxwell, of Carrunoon. chan, JCilliam Copland, of Colliefton, Alexander Ferguson, That the Petition of Sir Adam Ferguffbn,

of Craigdarroch, Captain Thomas Goldie, of Crnicks, Sir Baronet, complaining of an undue Eieclion and Return

Robert Laurie, of Maxwclltoun, Baronet, Edward Max- for the County of Ayr, be taken into Consideration well. Younger, of Cairgen, Alexander Gordon, of Cul- upon Friday the 23d Day of next, at Three of

vennan, WellxvoodMaxwell, of Barticleugli, Alexander the Clock in the Afternoon.

Gordon, of King's grange, William Maxzoell, of Rickhom, Ordered, That the Petition of John Fenton, Esquire; David Blair, of Belllenmont, Captain Adam Gordon, of and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names Garlarg, of the 8ill Foot, Mr. John Macmurdo, of are thereunto subscribed, being Inn Burgesses, Inhabi-P-ark, Factor to his Grace the Dolce of Sueenfberry, tants within, and Electors of Representatives to serve Benjamin Moodie, of Knocknarling, Writer in Edinburgh, in Parliament for, the Borough ofin the County John Clark, of Nether Laggan, Writer in Dumfries, no- of Lancaster, severally complaining of an undue Election bert DalzeU, of Ballingate, Advocate, Richard DalzeU and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Con-

Younger, of Glenae, David Cairns, of Barnbarroch, sideration upon the 27 th Day of March next,

John Dalyell, of Bnrncrnjh, Alexander Copland, of Furth- at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. head, Thomas Young, of Youvgjfe/d, and James Dalycl Ordered, That the Petition of Sir James Marriott,

Younger, of Barncrojh, all Freeholders in the Stewartry complaining of an undue Election and Return for the of Kirkcudbright, severally complaining of an undue Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, be taken

Election and Return fer the said Stewartry, betaken into Consideration upon Friday the 30th Day of March into Consideration upon Friday the 23d Day of Fe- next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. bruary next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. Ordered, That the Petition of John Esquire;

haftefbury Ordered, That the Petition of Sir George Collier, and also the Petition of the Reverend Julian, FkaiCn. Knight, and Hans Wintrop Mortimer, Esquire; and Clerk, Wooll-

hIIo the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the combe, and Thomax Squire, Gentlemen, ail legal Voters Borough of Shafton, et'herwife Shaftesbury, severally of the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Dev01,

on

Per wick Ete&ion.

Arundel

ELedhoiu

-Downton

Ele&iou*

ClitherO

Election.

Edinburgh

Election.

Honiron

Election.

Ayr

Election.

Preston.

Eie&ioo.

Sudbury.

Ele£Uon.

Plymouth,

Election,

a r Geo. III.

a i6 Novembris.

63

MitHorne

Port

Election.

on Behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the same Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 3d Day of next,

at. Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That t he Petition of the honourable Temple l.idtrell; and nifo the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of theiv.fr:!ves ami others (lie Electors of the Borough of

LiittreU,complaining of an undue Eieftion and Return for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, lie taken into Consideratioi: upon Friday the iSth Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the After-

noon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Borough of in the County of Cornwall, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, complaining of an undue Election and Return fir the

Reading

Elefiiou.

Penryn

Elettiois

Milborne Pert, severally complaining of an undue Elec- . said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday

Roxburgh

Election.

tion and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 6th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of RKer, of Cocker-

to:n, Esquire, commonly called Lord Robert and

also the Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Roxburgh, thereunto subscribing, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 10th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

the 22(1 Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of William Ef-

quire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Barnstaple, in the County of Dq-von, betaken into Consideration upon Friday the 25th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Major General James Grant, complaining of an undue Election and Return

Barnstaple

Election.

Elgin,

4c.

Election.

Crick fade Eiedion.

Salta fh Election.

for the District of Boroughs of , Cullen Banff",

Ordered, That the Petition of Samuel Petrie, Esquire, Kinlore, and be taken into Consideration upon

complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Friday the ill Day of June next, at Three of the Clock Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, be in the Afternoon.

taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 24th Day Ordered, That the Petition of Sir Willoughby Afion, Stockbridge

of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Alter- Baronet, and Esquire, complaining of Election.

noon. an undue Election and Return for the Borough of

Ordered, That the Petition of John Buller, Esquire; Stockbri, in the County of Southampton, be taken and also t he Petition of Sir William Lemon, and others, into Consideration upon Friday the 8th Day of June

next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Paul Benfield, Esquire, complaining of an undue Elect ion and Return for the Borough of Great in the County of Bucking

Freeholders within the Borough of in the County of Cornwall, on Behalf of themselves and all the other Freeholders within the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the

Great

Marlow

Ele&ioo.

said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Friday ham, be taken in Consideration upon Tuesday the

Poole

Election.

the 27th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Jofiua Esquire,

on Behalf of himself and John Adams, Esquire; and also the Petition of several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. being Inhabitants and Housholders,

' and also paying Scot, and bearing Lot, within the Bo-

12 th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Thomas Delaval, Esquire; and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Burgesses and Electors of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, on Behalf of themselves and others, Burgesses and Ele<5lors of

Newcastle upon T yne Election.

rough and County of the Town of Poole, in Behalf of the said Town, severally complaining of an undue Elec-themselves and others in like Manner Inhabitants and tion and Return for the said Town, be taken into Con-Housholders within the same, severally complaining of sideration upon Friday the 51th Day of June next, at

Newark upon Trent Eledion.

Cambridge

Election.

an undue Election and Return for the Town of Poole, in the County of Dorset, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the ill Day of May next, at Three of the

Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Robert Fofier, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, be taken into Consideration upon Friday the

Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Electors of the Borough of Stafford, complaining of an undue Election

and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 19th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of James Francis

Stafford

Election.

4th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Esquire, of Forest, Burgher and Guild Brother of the Afternoon. Town of and Member oftlie Town Council of

Ordered, That the Petition of Christopher Potter, EC- the Burgh of Innerkiething, complaining of an undue quire, complaining of an undue Election and Return Election and Return for the Burghs of Stirling, CulroJ's, ft)r the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cam- Queensferry, Dumfermline, and Innerkiething, be taken bridge, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the into Consideration upon Friday the 2 :d Day of June 8th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Stirling,

&c."

Election.

I»elchester

Election.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Hinton

Election.

Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of certain Electors of the Borough of Ivelchefer, in the County of Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of theui-selves and others, Electors of the said Borough, com- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to plaining of an undue Election and Return for the said the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Friday the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament nth Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the for the Borough of Plympton Earle, in tire County of Afternoon. Devon, in the room of the Right honourable James

Ovifcrcrf, That the Petition of John Saunders, Esquire, commonly called Lord Viscount Cranburn, now

mnlainmo- of an undn£ FJorlion and Return (dr thp Earl of called upto the House of Peers.

Plympton

Earle

Writ.

complaining of an undud Ejection and Return lbr the Borough of Ilindon, in the County of Wilts, be taken into Consideration upon the 15th Day

of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia-O' dcred, That t he Petition of the honourable Temple meat for the Borough of in the County of

Vol. 38. Wilis,

Devize*

Writ.

Call of the House.

Coventry

Writ.

Coventry

Election.

64

2i0- — -220 N

A. 1780.

Wills, in the room of Charles Garth, Esquire, who fmee his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Conmiissioners for managing the Revenues of E.xeife.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Wednesday the 3 i ft Day of Jamumj next.

Ordered, That such Members, as shall not then at- tend, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write circular Letters to the Sheriffs and Stewards of the several Counties of Great Britain, requiring the Attendance of the Members of this House, upon Wednesday the 31 it Day of January next.

Copies of which Letters are as follow; viz.

SIR,

From the House of Commons, the 21st November 1780.

I am commanded by the House of Commons to acquaint you. That you are, immediately upon the Receipt of this, to summon the Representatives of your County, and Boroughs within the same, to attend their Service in Parliament, on Wednesday the 31st Day of January next; and you are to give me an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereon, upon Paiu of incurring the Difpleulure of the said House.

I am, Sir,

Your humble Servant,

C. W. Cornwall, Speaker.

From the House of Commons, the 2ill November 1780.

My Lord,

1 am commanded by the House of Commons to de-fire your Lordship, immediately upon the Receipt of this, to summon the Members of Parliament for the Cinque Ports, to attend their Service in Parliament on Wednesday the 3 ill Day of January next; your Lord-ffiip will also be pleased to give me an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereon.

I am, with the utmost Respect,

My Lord,

Your Lordship's Mod humble ami obedient Servant,

C. W. Cornwall, Speaker.

To the Right honourable Frederick Lord North, Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of Two Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Coventry,

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for i he Yeas The Earl of Lijbumc, V I elk i s for the Y cas, j Sir Qr^ c^r; j 114.

The House was moved, That the several Orders Covcntn made Ycffcrclay, for taking into Confederation, upon Thursday next*, the Petition of Sir Thomas JIaUifaz,

Knight, and 'Thomas Rogers, Esquire; and also, the kY-t it ion of the several Per ions whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Bclialfof themselves and several Hundred others, Freemen of the City of Coventry, and entitled to vote in the Election of Citizens to represent the said City in Parliament j and also, the Petition of Eduard Roe Yeo, Esquire, and John Baker Ilolroyd, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and several Hundred other Freemen of the City of Coventry, and entitled to vote in the Election of Citizens to represent the said City in Parliament, might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 25th Day of January next, at the same Time when the Sheriffs of the City of Coventry are ordered to attend this House.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for hand T a* ‘granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be &c‘ raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-gr oiled}

And then the House adjourned till To-morrow-Morning, Ten of the Clock.

So it w'as resolved in the Affirmative.

S

54-

The House was moved, That the Order made upon the 6th Day of this inliant November, for Mr. Thomas " Noxon and Mr. Thomas Butler, late Sheriffs of the City of Coventry, to attend this House upon Thursday next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Thomas Noxon and Mr. Thomas Butler do attend this House upon Thursday the tii Day of January next.

Mercurii, 220 die Novembris;

Anno 210 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1780.

Prayers'.

AN ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to His Ma- Supply BUt;

jesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Bri- hand Tax, tain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven &c' hundred and Eighty-one, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for obliging the Collegers to / give Security, if required.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder. \

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing, and granting to His supply Bill; Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Duties on* Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven Malt, &c. hundred and Eighty-one, was read the Third Time.

Rejoiced, "Ihat the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be.

t

if

z i Geo. 111. z 2°Novembris. 65

be. An Act for continuing, and granting to His Majesty,

I certain Duties upon.Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred

and F.ighty-one. %

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sttotctbam An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com-kcloture. »and ^Valte Lands in the Parishes of Shotesham Saint ^Jfarij, Shotesham Saint Shotesham All , and

Shotesham Saint Marlins, in the County of Norfolk, was read tj^e Third Time.

f* Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Wmlle Lands in the Parishes of Shotesham Saint Mary,

.Shotesham Saint Botolph, Shotesham All Saints, and Shotesham Saint Martins, in the County of Norfolk.

Or</e?rrfJ^jhat SirllarSord do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hingh-un Sir Edward Afiley reported from the Committee, to ludolure. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of in the County of Norfolk, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Christophev Routh, of the City of Norwich, Gentleman, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had confxdered the said Petition; and had examined the Al'egations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands of the Yearly Value of£.145; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to bedivided and inclosed amount to the Yearly Value of £,1,563, or thereabouts;) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

I were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Adur A Petition of several Gentlemen and others, whose ' Bridge Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the i House, and read; Setting forth. That the present Ferry

am* over the River Adur, at in the County of

/ Sussex, is very dangerous and inconvenient for Palfen-

/ gers; and that it would be of great Safety and Conve-

I nience to 'all Persons travelling between the Towns of

f Portsmoudiand Lezves, and to and from several other

Places along the Sea Coast, and also of public Utility, if a proper and substantial Bridge was built over the said River, at or near the said Ferry; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for building such Bridge as aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, in

I.

such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Earl of Surrey, Sir George Yonge, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Prisoners for Debt now confined id the Gaol of Clerkenwell Bridetvell, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners being arrested since, or otherwise not under the beneficial Clauses of the late Act to prevent any Mischief or Inconvenience which may arise to Sheriffs, Gaolers, Suitors, Prisoners, or others, by the Prisoners in several Gaols in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and the City of London, having been set at Liberty during the late Tumults and Insurrections, are deprived of the Resources and Convenience that Law had provided for its.Objects; and that the Prisons of The Fleet and King's Bench being lately destroyed, the Petitioners are now confined in Clerkenwell Bridewell, a House of Correction, and originally designed for Felons; and, in Addition, to the Horrors of the Petitioners Situation, the Gaol is now so full, that they are deprived even of thetriflingConveniencesusually found in Prisons appropriated for Debtors, and from the Rules of this Gaol deprived of the miserable Pittance their Labour produced in those Prisons, no Man being permitted to work at his Calling, whereby many of the Petitioners, who have large Families, drag on a Life of Want and Misery: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration at an early Part of this Session, and by some Law relieve the Petitioners from that Difr tress the Calamities attending the late Tumults, and not their Crimes, have subjected them to, by a Confinement equal to the Puniflunent inflicted on the most abandoned Criminals.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to extend the Provisions contained in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prevent any Mischief or Inconvenience which may arise to Sheriffs, Gaolers, Suitors, Prisoners, or others, by the Prisoners in several Gaols in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and the City of " London, having been set at Liberty during the late " Tumults and Insurrections," is committed.

Sir Charles Cocks presented to the Hbyfe, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1781, Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate 9 as followeth; viz.

Vol. 3&!

(Riots)

Preventing

Inconveniences

to

Shenffi,

&c.

Ordnance

Estimate.

s

ESTIMATE

66

22° Novembris.

A. 1780

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1781.

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Storehouses, Magazines, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Salaries, and incident Charges

'Gibraltar - *

North Britain -

Minorca.....-

New York ——

VHalifax..... -

Pay of the Corps of Engineers - ....

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, confiding of 5,356 Men, Officers included Establishment of the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich ——

Establishment of the Laboratory at Woolwich ——

Pay of Master Gunners at the several Garrisons in Great Britain, and of the Gunners at St. James's Park and the Tower of London -

An Allowance in lieu of Coals and Candles to the Master Gunners and Gunners of the several Garrisons in Great Britain ——

Establiiliment of Matters and Draughtfmen in the Tower of London - - - - j

Pay to Lieut. General George Williamfon, as Inspector of Artillery for North America, Newfoundland, and the West India Islands ——

To Major General William Phillips, for the Loss he sustained by the Office of Inspector and Commander of Artillery at Gibraltar and Mifiorca being discontinued, and also in

Consideration of his good Services....

To Major General Samuel Cleaveland, in Consideration of his good Services -To Colonel William Roy, Engineer, for surveying the Coasts of Great Britain, and the adjacent Islands thereto belonging ——

To Lieut. Colonel Hugh Debbieg, Engineer, for his good Services on several extraordinary Occasions ——

To Lieut. Colonel Joseph Brome, in Consideration of his good Services in Flanders and Germany - - - - .

To Captain William Congreve, in Consideration of his good Services -

To Lieut. Colonel Matthew Dixon, Sub-director of Engineers, in Consideration of his good

Services ....

Pay to Captain Thomas Blomefield, Inspector of Brass and Iron Ordnance -Pay to Captain Samuel Tovey, as Assistant Inspector of Brass and Iron Ordnance To Lieut. Colonel John Brewfe, Engineer, in Consideration of his long and faithful Services in the West Indies, North America, and other Places....

Pay to Captain William Congreve, as Superintendant, and to other Officers of Military Machines used in the Service of Artillery ——

Pay of superannuated and disabled Officers and Men who have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, Germany, North America, Africa, the East and West Indies, with the Half-pay of Officers reduced, and Widows Pensions -

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers at

St. John's and Placentia in Newfoundland

East Florida -

West Florida -

Tobago -

Quebec

EXTRAORDINARIES.

T'ay of a Military Company of Artificers, serving in the Garrison at Gibraltar Towards repairing the Fortifica- f St. John's, Ferryland, Carboniere and tions. Barracks, Storehouses, and < Trinity Harbour, in Newfoundland

carrying on the current Service at [ Placentia....

To complete the new Works ordered at St. John's Newfoundland For keeping in Repair the Fort at Arderfeer, and other Fortifications, and Barracks in Scotland ——

Towards enclosing and fortifying the Dock Yard at Portsmouth For keeping in repair the Fortifications at Portsmouth and Gosport -Towards completing a Fort, with Barracks, &c. Gill Kicker Point To complete the Buildings at Priddy's Hard -For repairing the Sea Bank, and layingdown a Sluice at Portsea Lines For necessary Repairs of the Fortifications and Buildings in the Plymouth Division t -

£ s. d.

2>247 15

5°o ‘ -

400 ——

1,500 ——

3,000 — —

17 5

966 3 9

7>x39 *3 4 490 — —

394 — — 5,266 6 2

£ s- d. 36,092 7. 6.

876 —

I7I 5 — 1,497 2 6 1,149 15 —

057 ——

967 5 —

225 15 — 843 10 — 328 10 — 520 2 6

9>5‘4 6 8 ‘46,845 11 8

‘,644 5 — s52 5 —

2,144 7 6

*,563 7 6

456 5 —

456 5 —

9‘ 5 —

365 ——

365 ——

l82 IO ---

182 10 —

182 10 —

350 ——

80 —

182 IQ ---

219 ——

10,983 5 5 221,722 16 3

si Geo. III. 22* Novembris.

For {carping and levelling the Area of the Magazines, and clearffing the Canal at Keyham Point near Plymouth -

For Defence of Plymouth

Strengthening the Fortifications at

5.7®°

5»7oo

2,000

2,000

.1 1,200 — *

=:3

{At Manor Pound, -Between Keyham Point and Mount Pleasant -

Towards erecting C StonehouHill

Redoubts at \ Mount Batten For erefiting new Works at Pendennis *-

For repairing Roads and Drains at Chatham Barracks -

Chat Lines Dover Ca file - -

La Fort -Sh - -Gravesend and Tilbury -To complete a new Wharf, forming by the Convicts, to enlarge the Warren at Woolwich, for the more expeditious carrying on the Service -

To erect additional Carpenters Shops, Sheds, and Wharfing necessary thereto, in the Warren at Woolwich - -

Towards erecting a new Fort for the better Defence of Cqfile Comet in the Island of Guernsey, pursuant to His Majesty's Order, 23 March 1780 -For erecting Barracks for Two Companies of Foot, with an Hospital and 1 Guardhouse on Scarborough Hill, in the liland of Tobago, pursuant to His Majesty's Order, 12 October 1780 ——

For cleansing Tower Ditch ——

Pay of Engineers, Officers, Conductors, Artificers, and Drivers, with the several Trains f Artillery attending His Majesty's Forces in North America and the West Indies ——

Towards defraying Contingencies of the Trains of Artillery in North America and the West Indies ——

Towards defraying the Hire of Transports in the Service of this Office -Charge of keeping the Barges, with their Tackling, isle, in Repair, and for paying the Bargemen and others employed in maintaining the Communication between Gravesend and Tilbury ——

To pay for Iron Ordnance, Powder, and other Stores, delivered from Spanish Pi izes by Order of the Governor of Gibraltar -

A Supply of Shot, Shells, Powder, Timber, and other Stores, ordered to be lent to Gibraltar pursuant to the Governor's Request -A Supply of Powder, Shot, Timber, and other Stores, demanded to complete the established Proportion at Minorca to 30 June 1780 - -

Iron Ordnance, Powder, Shot, Shells, and other Stores, demanded for Defence of Charles Town, South Carolina, pursuant to His Majesty's Orders 29 July, and 29 October 1780 - -

Brass Ordnance, Powder, Intrenching Tools, and other Stores demanded for Service of the Army commanded by General Vaughan in the West Indies, pursuant to His Majesty's Orders 29 October and 11 November 1780 -

A Supply of Brass and Iron Ordnance and Stores, to

complete the Demand from East Florida, pursuant to £. s. d.

His Majesty's Order 2y October 1780 - - 10,337 6 6

Powder, Small Arms, and other Stores, to replace those sent for East Florida, and taken out of the Earl Bathurst Storeship at Jamaica, for Service of that \

Island, pursuant to His Majesty's Order 29 October 1780 - - - - 2,507 5 2

Brass Ordnance and Stores to replace those issued from the Stores in East Florida for Service of the Army before Charles Town, pursuant to His Majesty's Order 29 October 1780 ----- 1,249 17

Two hundred Tons of Salt Petre ——

15,400 ——

1.000 — —

1.000 — —

17,000 ——

1,000 — —

1,000 -- —

3,800 ——

3,300 ——

2,612 — —

1,620 — — -

3,500 -

17,201 3

2,000 —

24,159 2

70,000 --

50,000

3»9°4 1 — 3.7*5 H 2 35,830 6 8

6,600 12 a

15,701 6 5

13,627 3 —

14.094 9 2

10,600 — —

Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, pursuant to His Majesty's Orders, and not provided for by Parliament, in 1780.

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange for the Purchase of Stores and carrying on the current Service at Halifax, in Nova Scotia Pay of Superannuated and Half Pay Officers and others, to 31 December

1780 -..... ——

Pay of a new Company added to the First Battalion of the Royal Regiment of Artilleiy for Service in Jamaica, confiding of 116 Men, Officers included, and arming the fame, from ift to 31 December 1780, pur-

Juant to His Majesty's Warrant ——

Pay of 6 Practitioner Engineers added to the Corps, and of 1 o Draughtfmen arlded to the Establishment of the Drawing Room in the Tower, to December 1780, pursuant to His Majesty's Warrant 13 March 1780.

Vol. 38.

2,438 9 349 9

1,572 19 8

640 x8

' 67

1

1

c

361,201 15 $

Money

<58

22° Novembris.

A. 1780.

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange drawn by the Payroafters to the Trains of Artillery in North America and the West Indies, and Money sent on Accoupt of the Staff and Contingencies in 1780 On Account of the Hire of armed Transports to carry Stores to North America, the West Indies, and Mediterranean - - -

C Quebec - -

Money issued for Contingencies at,) .1 I

(New York - .

Money issued for carrying on the Works at West Florida, pursuant to His Majesty'sOrder 8 July 1778 - -

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange drawn by the Paymaster to a Train of Artillery on an Expedition to Africa, on Account of the Staff and Contingencies, in 1770 and 1-780 - -Arms'delivered to the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, ill Regiment of Dragoon Guards, 5 Regiments of Dragoons, ift and 3d Regiments of Foot Guards, 3 New-raised Regiments of Foot, the Royal Regiment of Artillery, and to sundry Regiments of Foot and Associations, pursuant to His Majesty's Warrants 8 May, 15, 21, and 30 October, g, 13, 22, and 26 November,2,4, and 14 December, 1779; 5,9,18,20, and 31 January,

14 and 21 February, 16 and 30 March, 4,22, and 26 April, 6,13, and 22 May, 14 and 26 June, 7 and 20 July, 12 and 18 18 and 19 September, 6 October, and 2 November, 1780 -

Arms and Accoutrements delivered to the Militia of the Counties of Bedford, Warwick, Northampton, Surret/, York, Middlesex, Glamorgan, Essex, Gloucester, Pembroke, Kent, Carmarthe7i, Comioall, Southampton, Cardigan, Devon, Worcester, Carnarvon, Leicester, Westmoreland, Monmouth, and AngltJ'ea, pursuant to His Majesty's Warrants 10 August 1778; 26 September, 15 and 30 October, 5, 27, and 30 November, 2, 14, and 27 D<?-cember, 1779; 7, i8, and 31 January,21 February, 11,20, and March,

14, 21, and 22 April, 19 and 30 May, 14 June, 7 July, 26 and 31 August,

1780..... ——

Ammunition delivered to the 2nd Troop of Iiorffe Grenadier Guards, 21st Regiment of Light Dragoons, 86th, 87th, 90th, 91 ft, and 99th Regiments of Foot, and to sundry Afibciations, pursuant to His Majesty'sWarrants and Orders 22 October 1778; 19 January, 23 September, 21 October, 22 November, 1779; 15, 18, and 21 January, 22 May, and 1 August, 1780 -Ammunition delivered to 31 Regiments and Corps of Militia for Exercise, pursuant to His Majesty's Order, 18 May 1763 -

An additional Supply of Ammunition delivered to the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, pursuant to His Majesty's Warrants 14 and 26 April, and 22 May, 1780. ..... ——

Tents supplied sundry Regiments of Foot at Home and Abroad, pursuant to His Majesty's Warrants and Orders, 12 January, 12 and 21 February, 16 and 20 March, 26 April, 6 May, 12 June, and 31 August, 1780 Tents supplied sundry Regiments of Militia, pursuant to His Majesty's Warrants and Orders 26 April, 20 and 22 May, 7 and t6 June, and

12 July, 1780 ——

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange, drawn on Account of Works

at Gibraltar, and for carrying on the current Service there, by Order of the Governor -

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange, drawn on Account of repairing the Fortifications, Barracks, Storehouses, and carrying on the current Service at Minorca ——

Brass Ordnance, Carronades, Small Arms, Powder, Shot, Shells, and other Stores, sent to New York agreeable to the Demands of Sir Clinton,

and the Commanding Officer of Artillery - - - - .

Brass and Iron Ordnance and Stores for a Battering and Field Train of Artillery, sent on Foreign Service, pursuant to His Majesty's Orders 2 and

13 January 17S0 - -

A Supply of Stores demanded and sent to 7^ ^Florida "II

Arms and Ammunition sent for Georgia, pursuant to His Majesty's Orders 20 November 1779, and 12 February 1780 - -

A Supply of Stores sent to replape those issued for Service of the several Forts and Militia in Jamaica, per Governor's Order -A Supply of Stores, to replace those loft on board the Houghton armed Transport taken by the Enemy on her Voyage to East and West Florida, Georgia, Jamaica, and Antigua, pursuant to His Majesty's Orders g \ August and 29 October 1780 - -

A Supply of Stores, Artificers Tools, and Materials demanded for Service of the Field Train and armed Vesselson the several Lakes in Canada, pursuant to His Majesty's Order 19 December 1779 -

{Quebec, pursuant to His Majesty's Warrant 13 January 1780 Antigua, pursuant to D* 2 October 1780

82,610 16 4

57*463 u 7 i,4fi 5 2 3,927 6 6

1,028 16 — 1,004 7 6

19,984 17 2

1,840 18 2

17,580 14 —

7»336 19 4

784 1 8

i»*5x 7 5

896 19 11

ij<942 4

5,423 18 10

43,38o 1 7

8,611 16 — 61,835 19 5

14,511 2 4

3>786' 7 1

522 — 11

1,220 6 6

I,77° 5 8

V,

7,276 4 11

b* CO 04 00 9 4

4I050 — —

2,025 — —

A Supply

2 r Geo. III.

22s Novemhfis.

Iron Ordnance and Stores lent for De-< ' fence of

A Supply of Stores demanded for St. John's Newfoundland, for Service of the Year 1780 - -

A Supply of Stores sent to Placentia iri Newfoundland^ for the Year 1780 Brass Ordnance, Powder, C Guernlhj, pursuant to His Majesty's Orders and otherStores sent for} Novem1779 and 22 1-

'Defence of the Wands of) Purl"ant to H,s M^eftys Order 10

C. March 1780 - - .

IronOfdnanceandStores, C Alderney pursuant to His Majesty's Order 15

sent for Defence of the< „ 1^~° A* n "»j

lllands of / Purbec, pursuant to His Majesty s Order 20

L October 17 79 -

Iron Ordnance, sent for Defence of Ireland, pursuant to' His Majesty's Order 29 Mai) 1780 - -

Additional Ammunition sent for His Majesty's Service to George, Arderjfer, the IJleof Man, and Dover Cattle -

Brass Howitzers, Iron Ordnance, and Stores, sent for a new Battery erected for Defence of Torbay -

Carronades, intrenching Tools, and other Stores, sent to Plymouth for the new Batteries there -

Barrack Bedding sent. to Portsmouth, for Use of the Troops -

Leith, pursuant to His Majesty's Order 3 May 1780 Montrose, per D° 26 February Campbell Town, per D® 27 April

I. Peter Head -

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange drawn by the Storekeeper at Jamaica, for Purchase of Brass Ordnance and Stores taken in the St. Carlos Spanish Ship, by His Majesty's Ship Salisbury, pursuant to

His Majesty's Order 5 April 1780 - -

Expence of erecting a Battery and Platform for the Defence of Greenock, with the Purchase of Iron Ordnance and Round Shot for the fame, by Order of the Commander in Chief in North Britain - -

Money, paid for the Purchase of Mr. s Powder Mills at Fever-

sham ——

Pay of Sifperintendantsand Crews, and victualing the same on Board the Britannia and Hibernia Hulks, employed as Floating Batteries for the Defence of Dublin Harbour, from 1 to 3 x 1780

Pay and Allowances to Engineers and others for carrying on the Works in the Ceded Islands, and Bills of Exchange drawn for defraying the contingent Charges there* in 1778 and 1779 -Pay of Officers and Artificers on the Artillery Staff in England, from 1 January to 31 December 1780

Hire of Horses, Condu&ors, and Drivers attending the Battalion Guns and Trains of Artillery from 1 January to 31 December 1780 - -Charge of Tents* Camp Equipage, Forage* and Incidents - - - ‘ - -

Hire of Horses for the T rains of Artillery attending His Majesty's Forces in Scotland from 1 September 1779 to 11 January 1780 -

Paid on Account offendry new Works tolirengthen the Fortifications of Plymouth, Pendennisf &c. - *

Paid on Account of Fortifications, Barracks, Storehouses, and carrying on the current Service at St. Johns Newfoundland, in 1778 and 1779 Paid on Account of additional Works in the Island of in the

Year 1780 ——

Paid on Account of Rent of Houses, and fitting Up the same as Barracks, for the Reception of Troops in the Island of Jersey, in the Year 1780 -Paidon Account of keeping the Barges with their Tackling, Sc. in Repair, and for Wages of Bargemen and others employed in maintaining the Communication between Gravesend and Tilbury . y* - -

c

4>995

s.

iS

55,024 12

5»3S9

d.

8

704 io

3 6

10*658 2

4*760 18 1

1,421 15 1

236 15 8

*>375 ~ —

638 it 2

3>879 15 9

824 10 6

1,417 11 8

798 — —

259 10 9

456 16 4

601 13 10

7>'b7 7

O m ►-» ov 00 M 9

3.437 10

2,104 6 6

7,674 16 ii 65,409 ji 3

5* 8 6

6,311 1 3

21,901 7 —

3,987 — —

9>756 4 — 3>32° — 3

47 i8z

4 6 '

Memorandum: Received on the Vote of Credit 1780 + ' w £ 1,130*106 16 3 100,000 — —

Charles Frederick* Cha' Cocks. 10,30,106 16 3

llad Slracheyt A John Kenrick.

Qt iyv tQ Aopi i \

-- *

\ ol. 38. X Ordered,

70 52° — ^3° Novembris. *4. 1780*

Ordered, That tire said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

BtflUneigh, \fr. E/tm reported frorri the Committee.to whom thei Petition offeveral Truliees and Mortgagees for and under Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending &nd widening the Road from Beffcfjleigh, through Wantage, to Hunger-ford, in the County and from Wantage

to Marlborough in the County of and other

Roads in the said Acts mentioned, was referred: That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And

Mr. William Grace being examined, said. That the Truliees have borrowed several confab Table Sums of Money, which has, together with the 'l olls collected on the said Roads, been applied according to the Directions of the said Acts; and that the Roads cannot be kept in Repair, nor the Money now owing be repaid, unless the Terms granted by the said Acts are further continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged.

And the Witness further said. That he knows the T.ane called Pidgeon Lane, leading from the Turnpike Road between Wallingford and Wantage to the Turnpike Road between Wantage and The Old Red House upon Wantage Dozens; and that he apprehends, that if the said Lane was put under the Management of the Truliees, and put into proper Repair, inliead of the Road leading from the Turnpike Road between Reading and Wallingford, through Halfpenny Lane, to the said Red House, which is now under the Care of the said Trustees, it would be more commodious to the Public, and advantageous to the Trull.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of His present Ma-jofty, for amending and widening the Road from

feifrigh, through Want age to the Counry

of Berk\', and from Wantage to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, and from the Turnpike Road between Reading and Wthrough Halfpenny Lane, to The Old Red House upon Wantage Downs, and from thence to Lin the said County of Berks; and for amending the Road through Pidgeon Lane, inliead of the said Road through Halfpenny Lane: And that Mr. Iilwes and Mr. Hartley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Pope* Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom , Nat. the ingrossed Bill from the Ix>rds, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Simeon Pope, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Elwes do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Importation Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Mom-_ . ing, resolve ilself into a Committee of the whole House,

of Corn^&c to conf,(ler further regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain.

. zz

The House, according to Crder, resolved itself into (R d a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to extend the Provisions contained in an Act, passed in to Sheriffs, the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to 4c*

'* prevent any Mischief or Inconvenience which may uarifeto Sheriffs, Gaolers, Suitors, Prisoners, or others,

" by the Prisoners in several Gaols in the Counties of " Middlesex and Surrey, and the City of London, hav-

ing been set at Liberty during the late Tumults and

Insurrections."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment 1 And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Ways an*, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Me*"* House, t.o consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis> 230 die Novembris;

Anno 2i# Georgii III. M Regis, 1780

Praters.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, that he had Admiral received from the Right honourable Sir Fletcher Rodney's Norton, late Speaker of this House, the following Letter, received by him from Admiral Sir George Thank*. Bridges Rodney, Baronet, in Return to the Thanks of the House of Commons, transmitted to the said Admiral by the said Sir Fletcher Norton, in Obedience to their Commands of the .29th Day of February, in the last Session of Parliament:

Sandwich, at St. Lucia, July 16, 1780.

Sir,

It is with the deepest Impression of Gratitude and Respect, that I am now to acknowledge your very polite Communication, and that transcendant Honour, which so augustan Assembly as the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, have been pleased to confer upon me, by their unanimous Vote of Thanks.

When I reflect upon the Insignificancy of my poor Services, compared with the Magnitude of that Retribution by which they have been so eminently distinguished, I am at a Loss how to express that just and proper Sense which I entertain of the fame.

Upon your Kindness I must wholly rely. Sir, to make that true Report of my moll grateful Acknowledgments of this great Obligation, by which the House of Commons have bound me, under the llrongeft Ties of Gratitude, to persevere in an unremitting Exertion of my utmost Endeavours to promote the Honour and Aggrandis^nentof the Flag.

I cannot conclude without requesting, that you will be pleased to accept my bell and warmell Thanks for your truly polite and obliging Manner of conveying to me the Sense and Resolution of the House of Commons.

I have

a i Geo. lit

i — 24® Novembns.

I have the Honour to be, with the highest Respect Ind Regard,

Sir,

Your most obedient

and most humble Servant,

G.

To the Right honou rable Si r Fletcher Norton, Speaker of the House of Commons, Sic.SCc. Sc.

(Riots.) Aningrossed Bill to extend the Provisions contained Prerentinx in an Actj passed in the last Session of Parliament, ini laaonvemence* «An Act to prevent any Mischief or Inconve-

Sheriffs, nience which may arise to Sheriffs, Gaolers, Suitors, Icq. " Prisoners, or others, by the Prisoners in several " Gaols in the Counties of and Surrey, and the City of London, having been let at Liberty during the late Tumults and Insurre&ionswas read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to extend the Provisions contained in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prevent any Mischief or Inconvenience " which may arise to Sheriffs, Gaolers, Suitors, Prifo- ners, or others, by the Prisoners in several Gaols in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and the City of

London, having been set at Liberty during the late Tumults and Insurrections," to Persons arrested and bailed since the Destruction of the said Gaols, and before the same shall be repaired, or other Prisons substituted in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hiogham An ingi^ffed Bill for dividing and inclosing the ' ladoture. Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Hing- ham, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third

I Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 17. 1. 12. To leave out "Seven," and insert " Eight" instead thereof.

Pr. 18. I. 26. To leave out " Seven," and insert " Eight" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons I and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Hingham, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir Edzcard Afley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concui rence.

I Btfielfleigh, ' Mr. Elurs presented to the House, according to &c. Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty, so.‘ amending and widening the Road from BeJ'eljleigh, through Wantage, to llun-gerford, in the County of Berks, and from Wantage to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, and from the Turnpike Road between Reading and Wallingford, through Halfpenny Lane, to The Old Red House upon Wantage Dozens, and from thence to Lambourn, in the said County of Berks; and for amending the Road through Pidgeon Lane, instead of the said Road through

Halfpenny Lane: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Earl of Surrey reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, unes are thereunto subscribed, was referred; Committee had examined the Matter of the said; and had directed him to report the fame, tafcjtLtopeared to them, to the House; and he read

HTd^-

the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it ia at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, A Member present informed your Committee, That the present Ferry over the River Adur, at Shorehamfxa Su/fex, is dangerous and inconvenient for Passengers 5 and that it would be useful to all Persons travelling between Portsmouth and Lewes, and other Places on the

Sea Coast, and of Public Utility, if a good and fub-fiantia! Bridge were to be built over the said River, at or near the said Ferry.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge over the River Adur, at or near Shoreham, in the County of Suffer: And that the Ear! of Surrey, Sir CecilBi/hopp, and -Mr, do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into importation a Committee of the ther regulating the Corn and Grain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Strutt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Strutt reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion; when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Strutt accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, within several Ports and Places therein to be mentioned.

And Mr. Strutt moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, within several Ports and Places therein to be mentioned: And that Mr.

Strutt, Sir George Yonge, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

whole House, to consider of fur- and Importation and Exportation: of

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 24® dieNovembris \

Anno 2i° Georgii III‘U Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration LvraeRegii the Petition of Henry Harford, Esquire, and Election. Lionel Darell, the Younger, Esquire; and also the Petition of several Electors of the Borough of Regis, in the County of Dorset; and also the Petition of the honourable Henri/Fane, and David Robert Michel, Esquire; and also the Petition of Joseph Wallis, Benjamin Syms, Clerk, and Benjamin Domett -dicom.be, Burgesses of the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset, complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate -Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Twenty-one Members being found to be present;

The

Halifax, Sic. Small Debts.

2 40 Nvvm.

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And The Door-of the Hoilfe being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Orders of tlje Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glades, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Seventeen Members then present were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Bomber Gascoyne, Senior, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for Mr. and Mr.' Michel, and his Name was set aside.

And the Name of One other Member, then present, was drawn, who was not objected to.

And the Name of Adam Drummond, Esqnjre, being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on account of his being Sj*ty Years of Age, or upwards; and having, at the Table, verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Twenty-ohe other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Nameof Lord George Germain being drawn, he required to be excused from lervingon the said Select Committee, on account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; and having, at the Table, verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Ten other Members, then present, wbre drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Fifteen other Members, then present were drawn and set aside with the Names of those who wereabfent from the House; One, on account of ins being Sixty Years of Age, dr upwards, which he had before verified upon Oath; Thirteen, on account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; and One, on account of his being a Petitioner to this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete, the Counsel for Mr. and Mr.

named Sir George Yonge, Baronet, to serve on the said Select Committee;

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Parishes of Halifax, Batley, B Hartithcad

cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, and

Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act paged in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, ley, GuiJ'ely, Calverlei), Batley,

head cum Clifton, Almondbun), Kirkburton,

and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or l.iberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Court Baron of the Manor 6f Kighley, in the said County; and representing to the House, that the said Act hath been found very injuri-

Highelere,

&c.

Indoture.

1780

ous'to many Persons resident within the Parishes over which the Court of Requells thereby established hath Jurisdiction, and many of the Provisions thereof tend rather to prevent than to promote the Recovery o.

Debts; and that there are Several DefeCls in the said A Cl, which prevent the Execution thereof according to the true Intent of the Legislature in passing the fame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said A Cl-, so far as the same relates to the Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Halifax, Batley,

Mirfield, ltartijhcadcum Clifton, Almondbun/,

hcaton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong aforesaid; and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House fha.II teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Savile,\lr.

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Jervoisereported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Manors and Parishes of Highelereand Burghin the County of Southampton, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Owners and Proprit :oi> of Lands and Grounds within the Manors and Pan'll es of Highelere and Burghdere, in the County of <5 whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 27th of April 177 }, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent 1o (lie Bill, so the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place.; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time. One by One; and, upon the Queliion severalty put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for making Allotments for Lands not assessed to the Laud Tax.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Queliion put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill* for vacating Leases at Rack Rent, under certain Conditions.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Queliion put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Beauchamp reported from the Committee, Stratford to whom the Bill for continuing the Term of art Act, upon made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign ofliis late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Stratford upon Avan, in the County of lYurioick, through Alceferin the said County, and Feckenham, to a Place caller! Bradley Brook, in the County of War refer-, and from Alethrough Great

Coughlonand Crabs CroJ's,in the said County of War-

21 Geo. III. 24° Novembris.. 73

> wick; nifld through llewell Lane and Burcoti, to The Troops under the Command of Lieutenant General Sir

i Crtfs of Hands on a Common called The Leckhav, and ITenry Clinton in North America, according to the lall

out of Ilewell Lane, through Church Lane and Tuinclly Keturnsmacle up and transmitted by him to the Office

to Bromsgrove % in the said County of IVovccJler, was. of the Right honourable Lord George Germain; committed That the Committee had examined the Al- Ordered, That the other Orders of the Day be now

r legations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; read.

j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, And the Order of the Day being accordingly read,

j and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the

t directed him to report to the House; and lie read the whole Iloule to consider further of the Supply granted

Krport in his Place; ami afterwards delivered the Bill, to His Majesty; i wit!) the Amendment, in at; the Clerk's'Table: Whore Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the

the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Quel- Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forct.-s tion put thereupon, agreed to by the House. in Great Britain, including those in Gucrnfeijaml Jersey,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be from 25th December 1780 to 24th December 1 781, both {ugrofied. inclnfive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Ge-aia, ifc neain returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to at- neral and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for tend the said Select Committee, delivered in to the the Year 1781, be referred to the said Committee.

House One of the said Lids, which had been struck Ordered, That the" Estimate of the Charge of His

% the said Counsel in his Presence, together with Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, Africa, and the new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then Indies, including those in Garrison at Minorca and

remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned Lift the Gibraltar, for the Year 1781, be referred to the said Names of Bomber, GaJ'coyne, Senior, Esquire, and Sir Committee.

George Yonge, Baronet,'being added, the same was Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the called over; and is as follows: Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant

Thomas Orde, Esquire, the Marquisof Graham, John to Treaties, for the Year 1781, be referred to the said Jl/p rjhead, Esquire, James Waricood Adeane, Esquire, Committee.

Matthew Brickdale, Esquire, Henry Raivlinfon, Esquire, Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Artil-

; Abraham Rardinfm, Esquire, Lord Viscount Galway, lery for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great,

Sir William James, Baronet, Charles William Boitghlo. pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1781, be referred to Ronfe, Esquire, Here Dalrymple, Esquire, Sir Henry the said Committee.

l.ippincott.Baronet, Sir Henry Gough, Baronet, Bomber Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the

GaJ'coyne, Senior, Esquire, Sir George Yonge, Baronet. Embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Bri-And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Com- tain, and of Four Regiments of Fencible Men in mittee for frying the Merits of the said Petition of Britain, from 25th December 1780 to 24th

Henry Harford, Esquire, and Lionel Dajcl/,the\onnger, cember 1781, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be re*-

Esquire; and also the Petition of several Electors of the ferred to the said Committee.

Borough of Lyme Regis, yi the County of Dorset; and Ordered, That The Estimate of the Charge of the also the Petition of the honourable Henry Fane and Cloalhing for the Embodied Militia in South Britain, David Robert Michel, Esquire; and also the Petition of for the Year 1781, be referred to the said Committee. Joseph Wallis, Benjamin Symes, Clerk, and Benjamin I hen the House resolved ilself into the said Com-Dometl Puddicombe, Burge lies of the Borough of Lyme mittee.

Regis, in the County of Dorset, now taken into Confi- Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

deration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

ui'ual Manner. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides Mr. reported from the Committee, That they withdrew. had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet rested him to report, when the House will please to

forthwith in the First Committee Chamber, appointed receive the same.

for Hearing the Trials of controverted ejections. Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday

Morning next.

Mn-inn A Motion wras made, and the Question being pro- Mr, Ord also acquainted the House, That he was

pof- d, That an humble Address be presented to His directed by the Committee to move, that they may

in America* Majesty, That He will be graeiously pleased to give Di- have lfcave to fit again.

' rections that there be laid before this House, the State Resolved, That tins House will, upon Monday Morn-

of the Troops under the Command of Lieutenant ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole General Sir Henry Clinton in North America, and also the House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Distribution of the lame, according to the last Returns Majesty. made up and transmitted by him to the Office of the

Right honourable Lord George Germain; The other Order of the Day being read;

A Motion was made. That the other Orders of the That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

Day be now read. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

I Which last mentioned Motion was, with Leave of the House, to consider further of Ways and Means forraifing

! House, withdrawn. the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Then an Amendment was proposed to be made to the main Question, by leaving out the Words " and also the And then the House adjourned till Monday Morn-

" Distribution of the fame." ing next. Ten of the Clock.

And the Question being put. That the Words " and also the Distribution of the fame," stand Part of the said Question.

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question so amended being proposed.

That an humble Address be presented to Mis Majesty, that he will be graeiously pleased to give Directions that there be laid before this House, the State of the

Vox.. 38. D

Supply.

Ways and Means.

74

2 j0 Novembris.

A. 1780.

LuntZ) 27* die Novembris *,

Anno 21* Georgii III*U Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

A

MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr.

and Mr. Bicknell Mr. Speaker,

S apply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Land Tax, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to Ac* be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty one; without any Amendment: And also.

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Duties on for continuing, and granting toHis Majesty, certain Du-Mak, &c. Y,es Upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one; without any Amendment: And also, America; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to detain ^or further continuing an Act, made in the Seventeenth fpfpected Year of the Reign of His present Majesty', intituled, Persons. " An Act to impower His Majesty to secure and detain " Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of " High Treason, committed in any of His Majesty's " Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High " Seas, or the Crime of Piracywithout any Amendment: And also,

(Riots) The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

Preventing Act to extend the Provisions contained in an Act, inconveniences passed in thelaft Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act Sheriffs, &c. " to prevent any Mischief or Inconvenience which may

" arise to Sheriffs, Gaolers, Suitors, Prisoners, or others, " by the Prisoners, in several Gaols in the Counties of " Middlefer and Surrey, and the Cit y of London, having " been let at Liberty during the late Tumults and " Insurrections," to Persons nrrested and bailed since the Destruction of the said Gaols, and before the same shall be repaired, or other Prisons substituted in lieu thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

Xcrn't The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An *« Act fornaturalizing John Frederick Kern,9.\id Nathaniel Lewis Palejke-, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Nat.

Stratford An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, °P®n Avon madeih the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His *' late Majesty, dor repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of St r Avon, in the County of Warwick, through A in the said County, and Feckenham, to a Place called Bradley in the County of Worcester-, and from Alcester, through Great 1 Coughton and Crabs Cross, in the said County of Warwick-,

and through lie-well Lane and Burcott to The Cross of Hands on a Common called The Leckliay; and out of Hezvell Lane, through Church Lane and Tulnell, to Bromsgrove, in the said County of Worcester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from thd Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, through Alcester in the said County, and Feckenham, to a Place called Bradley firook, in the County of Worcester; and from Alcester, through Great Coughton and Crabs Cross, in the said County of Warwick; and through Heivell Lane and Burcott to The Cross on a Common called the Leekhay; and out of Hezvell Lane, through Church and Tulnell, to Bromsgrove, in the said County of Worcester.

Ordered, That the Lord Beauchamp do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

William Eden, Esquire, being chosen a Burgess

to

serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New WcytcffvTj Woodfock, in the County of Oxford, and also a Burgess nt* for the Borough of Heytesbury, in the County of Wills, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of New Woodfock.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Heytejburi/, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the said William Eden, Esquire.

The House being informed that Mr. Piggott and Report Mr. Neave, (Two of the Commissioners for examining, taking, and stating, the Public Accounts of the King- """of *" dom) attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at Public the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Direc- Account*, tions of an Act of Parliament,

A Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

The said Report is as followeth; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

A Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

The Act of Parliament that constitutes us Commissioners for examining, taking, and stating, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, being passed, we entered immediately upon the Execution of the Powers thereby veiled in us; we took the Oath prescribed, and settled the necessary Arrangements of Office and Forms of Proceeding.

The Legislature not having left to our Discretion, which of the various Subjects referred to our Consideration we should begin our Enquiries with, but on the contrary, having expressly directed us, " in the first " Place, to take an Account of the Public Money in the Hands of the several Accountants; and for that " Purpose to call upon them to deliver in a Cash Account; and to consider what Sum it might be proper " to leave in the Hands of each Accountant respectively,

" for carrying on the Services to which the same is or " might be applicable, and what Sums might be taken " out of their Hands for the Public Service;" we, in Obedience to the Act, immediately applied ourselves to that Subject.

The Public‘Accountants may be distinguished into Three Classes.

1 ft. Those who receive Public Money from the Subject, to be paid into the Exchequer.

2dly. Those who receive Public Money-out of the Exchequer, by Way of-Imprest, and upon Account.

3dly. Those who receive Public Money from certain of this last Clafsof Accountants, subject to Account, and who may be called Sub-Accountants.

We began our Inquiries in the First Class, and of that Class, with the Receivers General of the Land Tax.

To come at a Knowledge of their Names, and of the Balances of Public Money in their Hands, we procured from the Tax Office the last Certificate of the Remains of the Land Tax. By that Certificate it appeared that of the Land Tax, Window, and House Tax, to Day last, the Arrears in the Hands of the Receivers General, upon the 14th of July last, amounted to the Sum of Three hundred and Ninety-eight thousand Seven hundred and Forty-eight Pounds Nine Shillings and Five Pence Halfpenny.

As this Certificate was grounded upon Returns not made to us, but to the Tax Office, we issued our Precepts to every Receiver General of the Land Tax, and to the Representatives of those who were dead, requiring

.by

2i Geo. III.

2 7° Novembris

N*

1.

N*

N*

N*

N-

2.

3-

4*

5-

N" 6

In-

quiring them forthwith to transmit. to us an Account of the Public Money in their Hands, Custody, or Power, at the Time they should each of them receive our Precept.

Returns were accordingly made to all our Precepts; a List of which Returns, with their several Dates, is set forth in the Appendix to this Report; and from these it appears, that the Balances of the Taxes on Land, Windows, and Houses, Servants, and Inhabited Houses, remaining in their respective Hands upon the Days therein mentioned, amounted together to the Sum of Six hundred and Fifty-seven thousand Four hundred Pounds Thirteen Shilings and Four Pence.

We proceeded in the next Place, pursuant to the Directions of the Act, to enquire to what Services these Sums were or might be applicable, in the Hands of the respective Accountants.

And we find, that by the Militia Act of the Second of His present Majesty, the Receiver General of the Land Tax for every County, is required to pay to the Commanding Officer of every Company of the Militia of that County, being ordered out into, or being out in, actual Service, One Guinea for each Private Man belonging to his Company, upon the Day appointed for Marching; and that by the Act of the Twentieth of His present Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, he is ordered to pay to the Clerk of the General Meetings Five Pounds Five Shillings for each Meeting, and to every of the Clerics of the Sub-division Meetings, One Pound One Shilling for each Meeting: And, except the Charges of collecting, receiving, and accounting, we do not find, that, when the Militia is embodied, the Duties collected by these Receivers arc liable to any Payments, or applicable to any other Services whatsoever.

In the Returns made to us by the Receivers General, such Sums asare Hated to have been paidfor these Services of the Militia, for the Year 1779, are different in different Counties; but as these Payments cannot from the Nature of them amount in any County to aconfidefable Sum, we conceive they may be made out of the current J "Receipts of these Taxes.

As the Receiver General is required by the Land Tax Act, within Twenty Days at farthest, after he has received Money for that Duty, and by the Acts which grant the Duties oh Houses,* Windows, Servants, and inhabited Houses, within Forty Days after he has received those Duties, to pay the same into the Exchequer; it became necessary for us to enquire upon what Grounds, and for what Purposes, the Receivers General retained in their Hands so considerable a Part of these Duties, so long after the same ought, according to the Directions of the several Acts above mentioned, to have been paid into the Exchequer. To this Point, amongst other's, we examined George Bose, Esquire, Secretary to the Tax Office; John Fordyce, Esquire, Receiver General for Scotland; William Milford, Esquire, Receiver General for the County of Sussex: Thomas Allen, Esquire, Receiver General for Part of the County of Sornerfct j Thomas Wallet/Partington, Esquire, Receiver General for the Counties of Northampton and Rutland, and Town of Northampton; and George Roivley, Esquire, Receiver General for the County of Huntingdon.

In these Examinations, Two Reasons are assigned for this Detention of the Public Money; one is, the Difficulty of procuring Remittances to London, especially from thedistant Cdunties; the other is, the Insufficiency of the Salary of Ttvo Pence in the Pound, allowed the Receiver by the Land Tax and other Acts, upon the Sums paid by him into the Exchequer, to answer the Trouble, Risk, and Expence, Attending his Office, to fijpply which, and to render the Employment worth tms beeh accustomed to retain in his Hands v 4'd^iiterable Part of these'Duties, for the Purpose of Vi Mpqift Advantage.

Examination into the Manner and Charge of

38.

75

collecting and remitting, in an Office of Receipt, similar in its Circumstances, might enable us to form some Judgment upon the Validity of these Reasons; we di-rested our Inquiries to the Collection and Remittance of the Duties of Excise.

For this Purpose we examined Bruere, Esquire, First General Accountant; Richard Ef-

quire, Second General Accountant in that Office; Mr. RidhardRichardson, Collector of Excise for the Hertford Collection; Mr. Thomas Ball, Collector of Excise for the Bath Collection; and George Esquire, who

is Collector of Excise for Bedford Collection, as well as Receiver General of the Land Tax for the Colinty of Huntingdon; and George Lewis Scott, Esquire, one of the Commissioners of Excise. We procured too, from that Office, an Account of the Gross and Nett Produce of the Excise, received by each Collector for the Year 1779; in which it appears, that the Gross Produce amounted to the Sum of Three Million Seven hundred and Fourteen thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one Pounds Sixteen Shillings and an Halfpenny, exclusive of the Receipt at the Excise Office in paid in by the Persons charged, without the Intervention of a Collector; which Gross Sum, behig, as tve apprehend, considerably more than the Amount of the Duties paid to the Receivers General, is collected in England and Wales by Fifty-three Collectors, being only Two more than the Number of Receivers General of the Land Tax, including Scotland.

From these last Examinations we learn, that each Collector of Excise goes his Rounds Eight Times in the Year; that he remits the Whole of his Nett Collection in every Round to the Excise Office, chiefly by Bills at Twenty-one Days after Date, in the Counties near London; at Thirty Days, in the more remote Counties; and at Fifty or Sixty Days, in the most dfstant, and none at a longer Date; that he is continually remitting during his Round; and within a Week after it is finished, fends up by a Balance Bill, all that, remains of the Duties collected by him in that Round; that lie finds no Difficulty in procuring Bills; could return more Money by the same Method; and is never suffered to keep any Money in his Hands.

Each Collector is paid a Salary of One hundred and Twenty Pounds a Year, subject to Deductions amounting to One Shilling and Nine Pence in the Pound; and is allowed Perquisites to about One hundred Pounds a Year more; and gives Security for Five ..thousand Pounds.

We endeavoured to form some Computation of the Loss, sustained by the Public, from the Detention of the Money by the Receivers General; and for that Purpose, we called foran Account of the Quarterly Returns made by them to the Tax Office; from whence it appears, that the Average Sum in their Hands, from the 5th of July 1778 (when the Mode wasadoptedof transmitting the Accounts onOath)to the 7th of last, amounted to Three hundred Thirty-four thousand and Sixty-one Pounds, the Interest of which, at Four per Cent, being Thirteen thousand Three hundred Sixty-two Pounds a Year, we conceive the Public have been obliged to pay, for want of the Use of their own Money.

But the LoTs has been, not of Interest only, the Revenue itfelfha's fullered; for by an Account of the Arrears and Defaulters of the Land Tax, and other Duties from the Year 1756, which we called for from the Tax Office, those Arrears in the Hands of the Defaulters not included in the First Certificate, appear toamouiit to One hundred and Thirteen thousand One hundred and Sixty-one Pounds Seven Shillings and Two Pence Halfpenny, of Which Twenty-four thousand Two hundred and Fifty-seven Pounds Seven Shillings and Two Pence Three Farthings is actually loft upon Composition; of the Remainder, Part is in a Course of legal Proceedings, and the Recovery of a great Part doubtful: Whereas by a like Return which we required from the Commissioners

Report from the

Commission<sr«

of

Public

Accounts.

N* 8.

N>

N° 10.

N° n.

N° 7.

N* I 2-

N°I3.

N° 14.

V;

Report from she Com'niflnnerj of Public Accounts.

2 70 Novemb

A. 17 So.

fts of Excise, for the same Period, we find there have been no Arrears or Defaultersamong the Officers of Fx-cife, except in one Infiunee, to the Amount of Three thousand Six hundred Pounds.

From this comparative View of the Modes of col-Jecling and remitting these different Duties, and of the Advantages accruing to 1 he Receiver and Collector from their several Employments, wc are induced to think, that the Receiver General of the Land Tax is not warranted in his Detention of the Public Money, either by the Difficulty of procuring Bills, or by the Infudiciency of his Salary.

Su| p >dng, however, the Difficulty of procuring Bills really to exill, though it might occasion some Delay in the Remittance, it yet is no Justifiration of the Receiver for constantly keeping a large Balance in his Hands; and, admitting the Poundage net to be an Equivalent for his Pains, yet we are of Opinion, that the present Mode of supplying the Deficiency, by permitting him to withhold the Duties, is injurious to the Public, and ought to be discontinued.

The Revenue should come from the Pocket of the Subject directly into the Exchequer; but to permit Receivers to retain it in their Hands, expressly for their own Advantage, is to furnish them with the

ft ranged Motive for withholding it. A private Jnto-r.dt is created, in direct Oppolltiou to that of the Publ ic; (Government is compelled to have Recourse to expen live Loans; and the Revenue itself is finally endangered.

We arc therefore of Opinion, that there are no Service:*' to which the said Sum of Six hundred Fitly-lb veil thousand Four hundred Pounds Thirteen Shillings anil Four Pence is or may be applicable, in the I lands of the Receivers General of the Land Tax, or of the Rejnefen-tatives of fuel) of them as are dead; and that it is.not proper to leave any Part of it in their rei'ped ive Hands $ but that the fame, or so much thereof as now remains with them, ought to be paid into the Exchequer, at such Times, and by fuel) Indailments, as may be thought reasonable, after a Practice of so long Continuance, and as shall be confident with such Engagements as may have been entered into with any particular Receivers.

Guy Carle ton, (L. S.)

T. Anguijk, (L. S.)

27th November, 1780. A. Piggott, (L. S.)

Rich4. Ntave, (L. S.)

Sam1. Bcachcroft, (L. S.)

Geo. Drummond. (L. S.)

APPENDIX, N* 1.

LIST of the Returns made by the Receivers General of the Land Tax, to the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and date, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

Bedford....

Berks -

D°....

Rucks -

Cambridge and Ely -Cliefer -

Cornwall -

Cumberland and Westmoreland.

Derby....

Devon....

I)0.....-

Dorset -

Durham and Northumberland Essex -

n°....

Gloucester -Hereford -

D° ....

Hertford -

Huntingdon -

D° ——

Kent -

Lancaster -

Leicester -

Lincoln -

D° - -

London, Middlesex, and Westminster

1> -

London, &c. Inhabited House Tax

Monmouth....

Norfolk -

DJ....

Northampton and Rutland -

Nottingham - -

Oxford -

Salop -

Somerset -

D° - - .

Southampton -

Stafford - .

Suffolk - - - .

i>:

John Miller -

John Jones, late Receiver

John Deane, Junior

William Minshall

Francis Dixon -

Thomas Mills -

John Roger -

George A tk inf on -

Samuel Crompton

Daniel Hamilton

Richard Rofc Dr ewe -

Francis Stuart -

Aubonc Surtees.

Robert Andrews

John Ycldham

Richard Colchester

Exeri of James Woodhouse

George 'Jerry -

John Balchen Wcfi

John Jackson, late Receiver -

George Rowley -

William Scott -

William Gregson

Rogers Ruding 1-

John Grundy -

Charles Chaplin -

Richard Bagot -

Robert Wilson

WnBrummell and B. Broughton Paul Morgan -Roger Kerrijbn William Fi/her *

Thomas Walley Partington -George Mason -Thomas Walker -Somerset Davis -Thomas Allen -Charles Hutchings John Duthy -Francis Cobb -Thomas Fenn -

John Spink -

25 th July 1780

4th August 29th July 26th July 25th July 29th July 30th July

25 th July

31 & JUy 28 th July d° d°

27th July 3d August 5th August 25th July 27th July 6th August 29th July 27th July 2d Novemr yth August 16th August:

1 ft August 29tl) July 27th July 29th July 31st July i d A ugift 27th October id August 27th July d° d°

26th July 29th July 30th June 27th July 9U1 August

2 q t h July 26th July 27th July

3 l it July

26 th July

9,201 14 81

18 if

l6>443 16 xi

8,643 l9 7

lh'359 12 10

511 1 6*

14,569 l9

9.:32 11 1)

6>793 l9 6

21,977 14 1

17.584 16 6§

8,498 12 — i

8,686 10 1 2

i3,723 4 10

8,107 18 Ji

11.54-8 13 5

6,120 18 ni

7>751 16 1 i.V

4,227 x7 Si-

I4>7°5 1 41-

6.490 11 5$

9,829 9 7 i

7,358 2

13,122 14 7

22,411 2 4

22,412 4 11 £

4,302 4 e>w u

6,294 3 6k

3»272 18 6£

7,026 x9 3 i

14,786 18 6$

14,206 11 8

7>254 6 iii

10,086 6 7i

9,635 11 Ml

17,052 2 8

23,479 16 9*

20,373 1S 1

12,181 *4 4i

14,605 18 Hi

18,883 11 Hi

12,645 7 1

Surrey

u Geo. til

barrel) -D° - - *

u(Tex -IFrtncjcK - - ,

Wilts - -

D° - -

Worcester -

N°

T>° - -

Miter, $* -Glamorgan York

\y - -

Kind's Houshold 'Scotland -

2 70 Novembris.

r - r*

Joseph Shaw 26th July,

John Ford - ift October

William Milford - 25th July

Edward Freeman 28th July

Thomas Phipps - 27 th July

- Edmund Wilkins d" d°

- JojephBerwick - 28th July

- Bell Lloyd - d# d°

- John Herbert - . - 8 th August

- Wm Herbert Dyer loth August

- Edmund Traherne 30th July

- 1 MarmadukeConstable - 28th July

- William Stanhope d# d°

- John Fenjhatv - 27th July

John Fordyce - 13 th November

*795 — —

13*971 *3 2 i

9>8o5 9 6

4,872 2 8

16,046 — 41

8^026 8 2f

7*563 8 H

10,314 *5 9

9*37 9 6

6,971 14 3f

M*493 3 —

17*509 10 H

J*738 5 ioi

52,07! I I

>57,400 *3 4

N* 2.

'the Examination of George liofe, Esq; Secretary to the Tax Office taken upon Oath, the gth of August 1786.

The said T.xamindnt'faith, That he hath been Secretary to the Tax Office somewhat more than Three Tears.

That the Office confills of Seven Commissioners, a Secretary, and Assistant Secretary, and Five Clerks.

That the Principal Duty of the Office, as to the Land Tax, is to superintend the Receivers General,

&nd tohaften their Payments into the Exchequer; and if the Collectors appear to be backward in their Payments, to urge their being enforced, by Applications to the acting Commissioners in the Country: That the Office receives Weekly Accounts of the Sums paid into the Exchequer by the several Receivers, and from them, and the Receivers Accounts, make out a Weekly Certificate, and transmit the same to the Treasury.

That formerly the Receivers did not make their Returns to the Tax Office so regularly as at present, both ks to the Time when they made them, and as to the Arrears contained in them.

That about Two Tears ago the Office adopted the present Mode of requiring the Receivers to return their Accounts every Quarter upon Oath, both of the Receipt and the Arrears, with the Names of the Divisions in A rrear.

That the Commissioners of the Tax Office have no Power Or Controul over the Collectors; and that the Receivers have made frequent Complaints against them: That when the Board observe considerable Arrears out-standing in any District, they write to the acting Cora-mhUonevs in the Country, defiling them to enforce Payment from the Collectors; bilt that in general such Application has not produced any material Effe&.

That the only Power the Tax Office has over Receivers is, to direct their Solicitor to proceed against them in the Court of Exchequer when they are deficient in theiv Payments, of which there have been Two or Three Instances in his Time; but several have been threatened with Prosecutions, which has generally produced better Payments into the Exchequer.

That moil of the Receivers have constantly Balances in their Hands, to the Knowledge both of the Tax Office and the Treasury, without any Process being ordered to ifiYie agaiait them; Xo lane is drawn to affvrtiim what that Balance may be, but if, in the Judgment of the Office, it appears large, the Receivers are wrote to, to make further Payments into the Exchequer; \\i.X were they to be rigid in compelling them to pay as the Knud Tax Act directs, he believes few of the Receivers would think their Offices worth holding.

This Examinant further faith, That the Window Tn^ Vol. 38.

is also under the Management of this Office, and yields near Four hundred thousand Pounds a Year: That the Office receives Annually from the several Surveyors (of whom their are about One hundred and Seventy^ besidesTen General Surveyors) their Tax Books, containing an Account of every rateable House in each DittriQ, and from which the Office make up their Account of this Tax.

And that the Duty* on Servants, and the Duty on inhabited Houses, are likewise under the Management of this Office.

George Ro/e.

Guy Carletorii T. Anguish,

Rich* Weave,

Sam1 Reachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N° 3.

The Examination of John Fordyce, Esq; Receiver General of the Land Tax for Scotland; taken upon Oath, the 27th and 28th Days of July 1780.

The said Examinant depofeth. That he is Receiver General of the Land Tax for Scotland, and has been so since the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six.

That the said Examinant's Office is very different from that of the Receiver of the Land Tax in th6 Counties in England, it being the general Receipt of the Exchequer for Scotland, into which the whole Receipt of the Land Tax is paid by the Collectors of the different Counties and Boroughs in Scotland: That every County and Royal Burgh has a Collector, whose Office and Duty are similar to that of the Receivers of Counties in England: That such Collectors are appointed, and their Reward fixed, by the Commissioners of Supply: That the said Collectors have no Pay or Reward iVom Government, nor any Deduction or Poundage out of the Land Tax received by them, but are paid by the Land-Holders in Counties, and by the Proprietors or Inhabitants of Houses in Burghs: That their Salaries are, he believes, from Forty Shillings to One hundred Pounds a Year: That from the Situation of the Country, and the Smallness of the Reward to the Collectors, he believes that in the greatest Part of Scotland they go round the Country but once a Year; and that therefore the Land Tax in general is collected annually, and not oftener; and that neither would the State of the Country, in many Parts, and the great Extent of the Counties, permit the Collectors, nor could they, for the Salaries allowed them, be expected to go round Quarterly, or even Half Yearly: 'That the EfleCfc of these Circumstances is. That the Year of the X Tax

Report from the Commissioners of Public Accounts.

7»

Report Tax is expired, and the fiiCcecding Year begun, before from the any considerable Part of the CoUe&ion is paid to the C o^ubhc" Jlece'ver General; and consequently the ColJe&ion is Accounts, generally a Year behind.

That he does not receive Remittances from the Col* Je&ors at any fixed or stated Periods; and that, for want of that general commercial Ijitercourse which prevails in England, these Remittances are as irregular in the Means, as they are in the Time of coming to his Hands, sometimes coming in Bills, and sometimes in Money.

That he believes there is no Premium or Discount between any Part of Scotland and Edinburgh.

That the Mode of this Examinant's Remittance to London is in Bills, which he purchases in Edinburgh, and for which he pays no Premium: That he has a fixed Co.rrelpQndent in London, to whom he fends such Bills, who pays the Money into the Exchequer, and to whom he allows a Commission for transacting that Bufi* ness.

That the Land Tax charged upon Scotland is all paid into the Exchequer without the usual Deduction allowed in England, or any other Deduction whatsoever; and that the Expence of collecting is entirely defrayed by the Land-Holders in Counties, and by the Proprietors or Inhabitants of Houses in Burghs.

That this Examinant is not allowed the Poundage of Two Pence in the Pound, established for the Receivers in England, or any Salary or other Reward whatsoever, for receiving the Land Tax, or as Receiver General thereof.

He has another Office under the Crown, which he holds during Pleasure, namely, that of Receiver of the Crown Rents.

That this Office is quite distinct from the other, but has usually gone with it, and been executed by the same Person.

That the Receiver of the Crown Rents is allowed a Salary of Six hundred and Fifty Pounds per Annum,

bjeefc to Taxes, and has no other Reward or Emolument whatsoever. That the Expence of executing both these Offices, of Receiver of the Crown Rents and Receiver of the Land Tax, amounts to Seven hundred and Fifty Pounds per Annum.

: That the Mode of compelling Payment of the Land Tax in Scotland is, as he believes, the same that was established by Oliver Cromwell; this is frequently put in Use, and found to be effectual.

That he Yesterday Morning received the Precept of 'this Board, requiring him to lay before the Commissioners a Cash Account of Public Money in his Hands at the Time of the Receipt of such Precept; that, however willing, it is not in his Power to comply with the fame, because, in the first Place, he has hitherto made up his Accounts only Half Yearly, to Lady Bap and Michaelmas-, that to come at the Balance required, it would be necessary for him to balance near Four hundred Accounts. Secondly, The Payment of the whole Civil Establishment of *Scotland, which is made by him, is just approaching, in which his Deputy, Clerks, and Books, will constantly be employed in doing that Bull ness. And Thirdly, The Court of Exchequer in Scotland is at present fitting^, before which Court there are many Processes depending against the Collectors of the Window Tax, many of which are referred to him for his Examination and Report.

That with respect to the Balance of Sixty-four thousand Five hundred and Seventy Pounds, appearing by the Certificate from the Tax Office to be in the Hands of this Examinant, the Largeness of the Arrear is partly owing to his having, in and previous to the Year 1776, remitted a very considerable Sum of Money to his Agents in London, whole House had been Agents to the Receivers Office in Scotland for 50 Years, without any Neglect or Want of Punctuality, to be paid by them into the Exchequer, which he supposed had been

14

1780.

done, till he received a Letter from the Tax Office, charging him with a much larger Balance than he apprehended to be due: That upon the Receipt of inch Letter lie came to London, and, applying to his Cor-. reipondenfs, found that they had not paid the Money into the Exchequer as he had supposed; That by using Diligence, he recovered a considerable Part of it, which was paid into tlje Exchequer immediately; That the Remainder, being Twenty-two thousand Pounds, he has never yet recovered; but by using uncommon Diligence, he has procured Securities for it, which he believes to be good, and upon which he does not doubt that the Whole of it will be recoveerd in Time; That in Consideration of all these Circumstances, the Lords of the Treasury, Upon his Application, have allowed him to pay that Sum in Installments of Five thousand Pounds per Annum, till the Whole is paid.

That with respo&to the Balance of Forty-two thousand Five hundred and Seventy Pounds, which will stili remain in his Hands, after deducting the said Sum of Twenty-two thousand Pounds, for w'hich he has got that Indulgence, lie can only say, that the Use of the Money is the only Advantage that he has for executing the Office of Receiver General; and that he does not look upon the Use of that Sum as more than a reasonable Equivalent for the Trouble and Expetice of executing it: That he has, on Thursday last, the 20th Instant, engaged to have the general Balance between Scotland and the Exchequer iu England, Thirty thousand Pounds less at Lady Day next, than it was at Lady Day last, and to pay into the Exchequer Ten thousand Pounds on or before the 10th Day of the next Month.

John Fordyce.

Guy Carleton,

T. Angui/h,

A. Piggott. llichd Neave,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

James Tierney,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 4.

The Examination of William Milford, Esq; Re* ceiver General of the Land Tax for the County of Sussex; taken upon Oath, the 8th of August 1780.

The said Examinant faith, That he has been Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County of Sussex ever since the Year 1773.

That he makes his Collection every Six Months, about the Middle of June, and Middle of December and that such has been the usual Custom of that County.

That he has no Deputy, but does all the Business himself; and the Advantages of his Office are entirely to his own Use.

That he brings himself the Money be collects to London^ in Cash or Bills, and lodges it at his Banker's, who procures Payment of the Bills for him; and that he always pays into the Exchequer the whole Amount received by him, of the preceding Year's Tax, about or soon after the Christmas following.

That the Collectors, in some of the Divisions in his Collection, are frequently deficient in their Payments; and he has no Power to compel them to account; neither has be any Means of discovering whether the Arrears, which appear due from the Country, arise from the Money not being collected, or from the Collectors withholding their Payments.

That he always keeps a Balance in Hand, it being necessary for him to leave a considerable Sum in his Banker's Hands, to answer the Trouble of receiving the Bills when due; and that without a Balance in

Hand,

2 70 Novemiris.

at Geo. Ill*

2 70 Novembris,

Hand, the Poundage allowed by the Act to Receivers would not be a sufficient Compeufatiou for his Trouble and Expences, which are considerable, having Fees to pay on his Appointment, on his entering into his Recognizance, on every Payment Which he makes into the Exchequer, oh the Rating and passing his Accounts and Obtaining a Quietus, which in his same amount to upwards of Ninety Pounds a Year; besides the NeCeffiiy of keeping more Servants and Horses than he otherwise would do. Charges in travelling round the Country to collect the Taxes, the Rilk of bad Bills, and of conveying the Money to Town, and the Inconvenience of finding Security for upwards of Thirty-six thousand rounds.

This Examinant further faith. That the Collection of the Servants and inhabited HouseTax is no Advantage to the Receiver; it greatly increases his Trouble in collecting, and occasions him more Expence in the Collection than his Poundage amounts to, upon so iu-considerable a Sum as it produces.

Thomas Anguijk,

James Tierney,

Geo. Drummond,

N° 5.

The Examination of Thomas , Esqj Receiver General of the Land Tax for Part of the County of Somerset; taken upon Oath, the 18 th of A ugujt 1 7 80.

'V

This Examinant faith, That he is now, and has been for about Twelve Years, Receiver General of the Land Tax for Part of the County of and that he

has the whole Profits of the Office to his own Use.

That the Account of his Receipts and D.'fburfements is made up Quarterly, and sent up to the Tax Office the first Week in the succeeding Month.

That he has usually found the Collectors deficient in their Payments; and that he writes every Quarter to the acting Commissioners, with the Names of such Tythings, and a List of all the Divisions in Arrear, desiring them to enforce Payment: That in some Divisions this produces Payments from the Collectors in about Three Weeks; but in many of the Divisions the Com* missioners altogether disregard the Application.

That he believes the Fault lies with the Collectors, who generally receive the Money, and keep it in their Hands, sometimes for Two Years: And it is worth their while; for when the Receiver General, upon making up his Accounts, returns the Names of the deficient Collectors into the Exchequer, they are discharged, on paying in the Money before Process is issued, and a Fee of One Pound Two Shillings and Six Pence, or thereabouts.

That he usually keeps a considerable Balance in his Hands, which is unavoidable, being at a considerable Distance from the Capital, and the Difficulty great of procuring good Bills on London.

That he believes the Practice of the Receivers keeping Money in Hand is connived at, in order to render the Office more advantageous, as the Poundage allowed by Act of Parliament is not adequate to the Trouble and Expence of it.

That upon receiving Letters from the Tax Office to enforce Payments from him, he has made several into the Exchequer: That no Process has issued against him; but he has this Morning been told* by the Secre-Tax Office, that unless he made certain > foetus within certain Times, Process would be issued

Yj» -Vol.

38.

That his Accounts ate audited Annually at the Exchequer; and that he settled his Account for the Year 1778 in April lad.

Thomas Allen.

Guy Carleton,

T. Anguijk,

Geo Drummond,

Rich? Neave,

Sam1 Reac/iavft.

Re port from thi . Com in ilLyacil

of

Public

Accounts*

N*8.

*11)0 Examination of Thomas Pdrtingfont

Lfq; Receiver General of the Land Tax for the Counties of Northampton and Rutland, and Town of Northampton; taken Upon Oath* the

22(1 Augltfi 1780.

This Examinant faith. That he is now, and has been for about Six Years, Receiver General of the Land Tax for the Counties of Noi'thamplon and Rutland, and Town of Northampton.

That when he was first appointed in 1*774. he was surprized to find large Arrears from several Parts of the Counties due; but upon Application to an acting Commissioner of one of the Divisions in Arrear, lie acquainted him, the Custom of that Part of the County was, to pay their Taxes as they id their Rents; One Half Year under another, or loniewhat latr>r.

That there are Ten Divisions in his Collection; that he found that he could not receive the Tax without a Deputy at Northampton> who goes his Rounds Twice

a Year to collect; that he generally meets him at Towcester, the ia.it Place in the Collection, brings the Money to Town, and makes large Payments immediately into the Exchequer.

That the greatest Part of some of the Divisions; and letter Parts of others, to about Half the Annual Tax* do not Pay at the Places appointed Half Yearly.

That many of the Collectors never meet the Receiver* but pay their Taxes at Northampton, as it suits their Convenience; that several of the Towns do not pay up their Arrears until after the Month of November and some not until the Month of January.

That lie does not recollect he ever retitrned any of the Collectors insuper, but Twice since he has been Receiver 5 that on those Occasions he paid one Time a Fee of Sixteen Shillings and Eleven Pence* and another Time of Eighteen Shillings and Five Pence, to the Auditor of the Land Revenue, for a Certificate of Arrears.

That the Money which remained in his Hands has been from Five thousand to Seven thousand Pounds; frequently, andparticularly lately, not so much as Five thousand Pounds; but that immediately after his general Half Yearly Receipt* he has had* in Money and Bills* between Eight thousand and Nine thousand Pounds, which may sometimes have remained with him a Month or Six Weeks.

That he passes his Accounts Annually before the Auditor of the Laud Revenue, as soon as he has got in all the Arrears; and that in February last, he paid in his Balance, and passed his Account up to Lady Day 1779, as soon after as the Auditor could prepare it.

That he apprehends the Expence of collecting* had he not a Deputy, would amount at lead to One hundred and Twenty Pounds a Year; but having a De* puty, it is considerably more to Mm.

That the Expences of obtaining his Commissiont* paying Money into the Exchequer, allowing and puffing his Accounts* for the Year 1778, were as follows;

Tallies

Report from the Commissioners of

Public

Accounts.

0

±f Novembris.

A. 17

Tallies oh paving Money into f the Exchequer (Treasury Fees -CommissionKliemembraiicer -

Petition and Report -Allowing Account Land D° Houses and Windows Palling Account Land D°HousesandWiri-dows - - £ 37 18 A110 wed by the Kin g in Account - 30 — wMr. Taylor

To the Auditor;

s. 12

it

1

16

4

6

----- 10 6

£ 91 - 8

Guy Carlefon,

T. Angui/h,

A, Piggott,

Rich4 Ncavfi, Sam1 Beach croft, Geo. Drummonds

Thon W. Partington.

N>

The Examination of Mr. George Rowley, Colieclor of Excise for Bedford Collection; taken upon Oath, the 3d of October 1780.

This Examinant faith, That he has been a Collector of Excise for upwards of Fifteen Years; that he is now, and has been for above Thirteen Years, Collector of Bedford CofleClion; that previous thereto he was for One Year Collector of Grantham Collection, and about another Year Collector for Wales Middle Collection. r That his present Collection extends into Part of Cambridgeshire, Part of Bedfordshire, Part of Northamptonshire, and the Whole of Huntingdonshire.

That he has a Salary of One hundred and Twenty Pounds a Year, fabjeft to a Deduction of One Shilling and Nine Pence in the Pound, and has the usual Allowance for Riding Charges, which, in his Collection, amount to One hundred and Twelve Pounds a Year; and forne other small Perquisites, amounting to about Twenty Pounds a Year more.

That he has never been assessed for the Land Tax; if he had, he must have paid it out of his own Pocket, the Commissioners only directing the Tax to be repaid on Salaries not exceeding One hundred Pounds a Year.

That the Amount of his Collection he believes to be upwards of Eighty thousand Pounds a Year.

That there are Eight Rounds in the Year, and that he receives the Duties every Round in Money, Bank Notes, Country Bank Bills, and Drafts on London, payable at. Twenty one Days after Date.

That his Rounds last Twenty Days, and that he generally remits Twice during each Round, at the Distance of Eight Days, and remits the Balance on the That flay following the Concfufion of his Round.

That his Instructions are, to keep no Money in his Hands but what may he sufficient to answer certain Charges, and to remit the Balance 'within Six Days after the dole of the Round; with which Instructions he complies ftri£Hy»

That hetinds no Difficulty whatever in remitting, and remits about Nine Tenths of his whole Collection in Country Bank Bills, and otherDrafrs upon London-, and thinks lie could remit more, if necelThry, having frequent Applications from Men in Trade to take their Drafts.

That the Bills were formerly drawn at Twenty-eight or Thirty Days alter Date, now tie is ordered to take none longer than Twcuty-one Days after Date.

18 "

That he takes Security from all the Returners themselves, and One or Two Sureties, being bound for a , Sum equal to the Value cif the Bills he takes from them; he pays no Premium whatever for the Bills, lior ever did in his present Collection.

That the Grantham Collection Was not to so large an Amount as the Bedford one: He found no Difficulty whatever in procuring Bills, nor in complying with his IniirdCtions of remitting within the Time, limited; that he paid no Premium whatever for the Bills, and the whole Collection was remitted in Country Drafts, payable at* One Month after Date

The Collection of Wales Middle is One of the smallest Collections, whilst Collector there, which is now Fifteen or Sixteen Years ago, he found no Difficulty in remitting, the Returners being glad to take the Money, and give Bills for the Premium then paid, which was Seven Shillings per Cent which Premium he is well informed, -is now totally abolished, and the Remittance punctually made; lie remitted the whole Collection in Country Drafts) he believes payable at One Month after Date, and thinks he could have procured more Bills if necessary.

That he never received a bad Bill ill riny of his Collections since he has been a Collector.

This Examinant further faith. That he is Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County of Huntingdon, and that he has been so since Lady-Day 1779; that he also receives the House and Window Tax, the Tax ori inhabited Houses, and Servants Tax; that the Amount of the Land Tax for the said County is about Fifteen thousand Pounds a Year.

That the Arrears to Lady-Day 1780,amount to about Six hundred Pounds, which are either in the Hands of Collectors, or Hill unpaid by the Subject; that such Arrears include not only the Arrears of the Land Tax, but also those of the other Taxes with the Collection of which he is charged; and that he has not yet applied to the acting Commissioners to compel Payment thereof, because be expects such Payments will be made soon.

That he has Reason to believe the Collectors have often had the Money in their Hands, when they said the Tax was still in Arrear, and unpaid by the Subject.

That the acting Commissioners in the County of IIuii-tingdon have offered their Assistance to compel Payment from the Collectors, and for that Purpose have lately dc-fired him to give an Account of the Arrears (landing out at each Day's Receipt in each Hundred, there being only One Day for the Receipt in each of the Four Hundreds; which he intends to do, and which he apprehends will contribute to the more speedy Payment of the Tax.

That in Huntingdonshire the Collection is made Half-yearly, after Michaelmas and Lady-Day, and they begin to pay the Tax in about a Month after these Periods.

That he pays to the Cashier of the Bank, partly by Cash, and partly by Bank Bills, what he receives for these Taxes, taking his Receipt for the Money; which the Cashier pays into the Exchequer, and takes a Tally for in this Examinant's Name.

That he has no Doubt lie might remit the Money by Country Drafts, if he pleased, without paying any Premium. There is an established Bank at Cambridge, a good House, which, he believes, would give Bills on London any Day for One hundred thousand Pounds, if wanted.

That he generally has kept about or near One Half of the Whole of his Collection in his Hands for One Year; that he considers the Use of the Money for that Time, as Part of the Advantages of the Office of the Receiver General of the Land Tax; and that in so final! a Collection as that of Huntingdon, where the whole Amount is not. Seventeen thousand Pounds, he does not think it would be worth while to execute the Office, merely for the Poundage, without such an. Advantage.

That his Poundage, being only Two Pence in the Pound, does not amount to more than One hundred and

Forty

2i Geo. III.

Forty Pounds a Year; out of which must be deduced the Fees paid for obtaining his Warrant, of which he has yet no Account, as they were not paid by himlVlf; the Fees for Tallies upon paying Mone^ into the Exchequer, and upon passing his Accounts, the Amount of which he does not know, not having yet passed an Account: That he is also under the Necessity of keeping a Clerk, as Receiver General of the Land Tax, for that Business only, who attends him on the Receipt, and keeps his Accounts, for which he pays him about Twenty-five Pounds a year.

That his Office of Collector of Excise is attended with much more Troubje to him than that of the Receiver General of the Land Tax.

That he has now very little more Money in his Hands, than when he made a Return to the Precept of this Board.

Rowley.

Guy Carlelon,

A. Piggot,

RichdNeave,

Sam1 Bcachcroff,

Geo. Drummond.

N° 8.

The Examination of Gou Bruerc, Esquire, First

General Accountant in the Excise Office; taken upon Oath, the 23d 1780.

This Examinant faith, That he is First General Accountant in the Excise Office, for Beer and other Duties.

That he hath been in the Excise Office Forty-four Years, and in his prefect Office about three Years.

That one Branch of his Office is to keep the Caffi Account, and General Account of the Excise, for the Articles in his Department, collected throughout England and Wales.

That the Salaries of the Collectors of Excise are appointed by the Commissioners, and are One hundred and Twenty Pounds a Year each, with an Allowance for Riding Charges.

That the Collectors never keep any Money in their Hands, but remit their whole Collection every Round, except such small Sums as are necessary to pay Salaries.

That at, the End of every Round, the Collectors fend Abstracts of all the Duties they have received; and, in general, all over England, remit by Bills, payable at different Dates, accord i ng tot he Di fiance of the Collections from London; that within One hundred and Fifty, or Two hundred Miles, the Billsare generally Twenty-one Days after Date; and in the Northern Collections, Fifty or Sixty Days after Date.

That in the Counties near London, the Collectors sometimes bring the Money upthemselves; but this they do very seldom, and only in particular Cafes.

That he never heard the Collectors found any Difficulty in procuring Bills in the most distant Counties; and that they have been always punctual in fending up their Accounts and Balances.

That before this Year, some of the Returners of Money were allowed a small Sum per Cent, for furnishing Bills; which in the Year 1779 amounted to Twenty-one Pounds Six Shillings and One Penny Three Farthings; but that the Commissioners have now discontinued such Allowance.

Goulston Bruere.

Guy Carleton,

T. Anguish,

A. Piggot,

Geo. Drummond,

Richd Neave,

Sam1 Beachcroft.

38.

v» *

Report from the Commissione*

N* q. ot*

Public

The Examination of Richard , Esquire, S&- Account^, eond General Accountant in the Excise Office $ taken upon Oath, the ift of September 1780

This Examinant faith, That he is Second General Accountant of the Excise.

That he has been Forty-three Years in the Accountant's Office, and about Sixteen Years a General Accountant.

That the Excise Duties are divided into Seveq Branches, and that over each Branch there is One Genei ral Accountant.;

That his Branch is General Accountant, for the Duties on Low Wines, and other particular Duties.

That he keeps an Account of the Receipts of these Duties, and of all Payments whatsoever out of them. 1

That within the Bills of Mortality, which is the Jin* rifdiction of the Chief Office, all Traders are obliged to pay their Duties to the Receiver General at the said Office. r

That every Monday a General Cash Account is made up of the Receipts and Payments of the preceding Week; and on every Wednesday, if no Holiday, the Re-

ceiver General pays the Balance into the Exchequer, reserving only aSum sufficient to answer such Payments as the Office has Notice may be demanded the following Week.

That out of the Bills of Mortality, the Collectors of Excise all over England remit the Duties collected by them to the Commissioners chiefly in Bills, which, in the Collections near London, are generally drawn payable at Twerity-one Days after Date; those more remote, at about One Month after Date; those most remote, from Fifty to Sixty Days after Date, and none longer; for the Board will not permit the Collectors to fend Bills at longer Date, nor will they suffer them to keep Money in their Hands.

That he believes the Collectors seldom find any Difficulty in procuring Bills in the most dillant Counties, and does not recoilect One Infiance of it, in his Branch, since he has been a General Accountant.

That the Returners of Money had formerly various Premiums for their Bills, from Two Shillings and Six Pence to Twenty Shillings per Cent.; but the Commissioners finding the Manufacturers and Traders in every Collection ready to take the Money collected, and to give Bills for it, they have by Degrees diminished the Premium, and about Christmas 1778 totally abolished it.

That the Collectors have printed Instructions from the Board, never to keep the Bills in their Hands more than One Week after they have received them; and that during their Rounds, of which there are Eight in a Year, they are continually remitting Bills by Poll to the Board, and are obliged, within Six Days after the Collection is finished, to fend an Abstract of all the Bills they have transmitted during that Round'; and must not fail to clear the Balance of each Round, if there be any, before the Commencement of the succeeding; otherwise they will be charged with Interest for such Money, and incur the utmost Displeasure of the Board.

That the Collectors in the Country, by Orders from the Board, in consequerice of a Warrant from the Trea-fury, repay all the Officers in their Collection tfic Land Tax on their respective Salaries: That in the City of London, the Officers of Excise exereifing their Office there, are assessed in the City, and Pay the Land Tax to the Receiver General for London.

That he believes the Salaries of all the inferior Officers of Excise are nearly the same now. as they were in the Reign of Ring Charles the Second.

That the Commissioners pals the Accounts of the Collectors Once in every Year.

Y That

8 i 2 70 Novembris. A. 1780.

ltt)k»rt That the Anmial Account of each Collector, whh a eomotfaneit Duplicate,'s stated by an Accountant, and examined by of the General Accountant, both as to the Charge and Dil-

Pubfic charge, and each signs the Account and Duplicate; it is

Account*. then transmitted, with the Vouchers, tothfe Comptroller who examines, signs, and returns it to the General Accountant; it is then, with the Duplicate, laid before the Board, who examine the Account, and I'wo of the Com-InilfiohCrb sign it; after which it is sent to the Auditor of the Excise, with the Credit Vouchers, which Credit Vouchers remain with him, the original Account re-taains in the Accountant's Office, and the Duplicate is sent to the Collector. All this is done without any Expenefe attending it; for every Officer of Excise is bound by Oath to take no Fee or Reward whatever for any Thing done in the Execution of his Office.

That every Year a General Caffi Account of the Weekly Receipts and Payments of each respective Duty, is made out, and signed by each General Accountant, examined and signed by the Commissioners, and afterwards sworn to by all of the Commissioners, before the Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer.

That afterwards this Account goes to the Auditor of the Excise, who transinits it to the Chancellor of the Exchequer; he pafies it, and grants the Commissioners their Quietus.

That no Expence whatever is paid, in the Excise Office, for any Part of this Business done there.

Paton.

Guy Carleton,

A Piggott,

Rich* Weave,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 10.

The Examination of Mr. Richard Collector of Excise for Hertford Collection; takeii upon Oath, the 24th August 1780.

This Examinant faith, That he is Collector for ford Collection of Excise, and that he has been so near Seven Years.

That his Collection consists of a Number of Towns in a certain Circuit, extending into different Counties; and that he goes this Circuit Eight Times a Year.

That he is appointed by the Commissioners of Excise, and gives Five thousand Pounds Security.

That he collects the Duty of Excise from the Persons charged by the Supervisors and Excise Officers.

That the Excise Officer charges the Persons whom lie surveys, and who are liable to the Duty; and that the Supervisor Superintends the Business of the Excise Officer, and is a Check upon him.

That previous to the Collector's Sittings for the Pur-poSe of receiving the Duties, the Supervisor fends him an Abstract, containing the Names of the Persons clxarged, and the Sum each is charged with.

That there are Returners of Money, who meet him at some of the Places of the Collection, and give him a Bill or Bills for so much of the Money as lie chuses to let them have, payable Twenty-one Days after Date, which is the Term Bills have been usually drawn at in this Collection, since he came into it.

That the Returner of Money is some Person approved of by him; who gives him a Bond, with One or Two Sureties, to indemnify him again!! any Loss and Expence from the Bills.

That no Premium whatever is paid by the Collector to the Returner for the Bills; and that if he wanted to return more Money than he does by Bills, he thinks he should meet -with no Difficulty in doing it.

That he believes the Amount of his Collection for the preceding Year, ending 5th July 17 79, was Three hundred Twenty-one tlioiifaud Nine hundred Pounds Teh Shillings and Eleven Pence.

That he believes lie remits about One Sixth Part of the Money he receives in Bills; the rest he pays in Bank Notes; and that he is obliged to remit the Bills to the Commissioners in a Week after he receives them; but lie generally remits some of them sooner; and that lie indorl'es on each Bill the Duty it is applicable to.

That be believes he hasasmuph or more Trouble in his Collection, than most other Collectors.

That at every Place of Collection, he, the Collector, the Supervisor, and an Excise Officer, ligii a Paper, called the Petty Account, containing the Sum received by the Collector in each Division and Out-Ride, for each Dhty at that Place, the Distillery Duty excepted; which Diliillery Petty Account is signed by the Collector only, as the Supervisors and Officers do not attend thelleceipt of that Duty; and the Collector fends up these Petty Accounts to the Commissioners, as soon aS he conveniently can, after having finished his Collection in that District, in order to give the Commissioners Knowledge of the Sums he has received, with Intent, as he believes, to prevent Collectors keeping the Money in their Hands.

That at the End of the Collection he fends up a Balance Bill, which is a Bill for the Remnants of the several Duties with which he is chargeable in that Round, enumerated on the Back of it; and that he is obliged to do this in Six Days after the Clole of the Collection in each Round.

That he is allowed a Salary of One hundred and Twenty Pounds a Year, subject to a Deduction of One Shilling and Nine Pence in the Pound, that is to say, the One Shilling in the Pound Tax on Salaries, Six Pence in the Pound to the Civil Lilt, and Three Pence in the Pound to the Excise Charity; and that he is allowed for Riding Charges, each Round, Five Shillii 'a* for each Division and Out-Ride, which at present, in his Collection, amountstO Eleven Poutidseach Round, there being now Forty-four Divisions and Out-Rides; and as he makes Eight Rounds in the Year, he now receives about Eighty-eight Pounds a Year for Riding Charges; but this varies as the Number of Divisions and Out-Rides vary; and he also receives about Twenty-three Pounds more annually for Coach Receipts, Brandy Licences, and Soap Drawbacks; and also Five Shillings for attending an Hearing of an Information, where the Informer's Part shall exceed Twenty Shillings, after Mitigation, and Charges paid, which, in the Year ending 5th July 1780, amounted to Three Pounds Five Shillings; but let the Informer's Share be ever so much, he receives no more than Five Shillings for attending the Hearing.

That he pays to the ColIeCiors of the T.and Tax, or their Agents, within his Collection, the Land Tax charged upon the Salaries of the Officers of Excite within his Collection.

That he pays no Fee or Expence whatever, either for passing his Accounts or for his Quietus.

Guy Carlelon,

T. Anguijk,

A. Piggott,

Rich* Weave,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

‘Geo. Drummond.

N* 11.

oi Geo. III. 27 0 Novetoibris.83

& Premium of Two Shillings aftd Six Fence ‘Cent. Report' N* it. to the Persons who furnished him with the Bills, which c^^mner»

Premium he Un heard is now totally abolished. of Public

The Examination of Mr. Thomas Ball, Collector That he never received a bad Bill in either Collec- Accounts, of Excise for Bath Collection; taken upon Oath, tion; nor does he recollect a Shilling having been loll

the 3d of October 1780. by an insolvent Arrearin either Gol left ion, since lie has

been a Collector.

Tho. Bali.

Guy Carle (bn,

A.

Sam!

Geo. Drummond.

N* 12.

The Examination of George Chun's Scott, Esquirej One of the Commissioners of Excise; taken upon Oath, the 29th of 1780.

The said Examinant faith, That he is now, and has Amount of Riding Charges is One hundred and Twelve been for upwards of Twenty-two Years, a Commis-PoundsaYear. He has likewise about Twenty Pounds fioner of Excise.

a Year more, arising from Soap Debentures, Brandy Li- That the Collectors of Excise have a Salary of'One cences, and Carriages. hundred and Twenty Pounds aY'ear, and an Allowance

That he pays the Land Tax assessed upon the Super- for Riding Charges of Five Shillings for each Round, vifors and Officers, to the Parish Collectors, and takes for every Division and Out Ride in their Collections; their Receipt, which Receipt is also attefied by the re- that they make Eight Rounds in the Year, and remit spectiveSupervisors and Officers; that he has never yet the Money collected by them immediately, chiefly by been assessed for the Land Tax, if he had, he mufi, Bills of Exchange, which he does not know, or believe, have paid it out of his own Pocket, the Commission- they have any Difficulty in procuring, never having ers only directing the Tax to be paid for those Officers heard any Complaint thereof; that the only Di& whose Salaries do not exceed One hundred Pounds a ference in the distant Collections is, that she Bills are Year. at longer Dates than those contiguous to

That he receives the Duties collected in Money, Bank and that the Commissioners have had frequent Ap-Notes, and the Notes of the Banks of Brifibl, War- plications to recommend to the Collectors Persons to minster, and Bath; and that he remits the Money to furhifli them with Bills, without any Premium what-the Commissioners of Excise in London, by Bills drawn ever; but that the Choice of Remitters is always left-at Thirty Days after Date, which he obtains-from the to the Collectors, they being answerable for the Money; different Clothiers, or other Gentlemen in the County, that formerly a Premium was allowed to be given to and the Banks at Bath\ about two Thirds of the Persons, called Returners of Money, which, as well as Amount from the former, and the Remainder from the be recollects, has been in his Time from Ten Shillings latter. to Two Shillings and Six Pence but that it has

That he has Security from all the Returners whose been gradually diminishing, and, since 1778,

Bills he takes, in Sums from Two thousand to Four totally abolished.

thousand Pounds, according to the Amount of the Bills That the Collectors of Excise are taken from among he takes from them. the Supervil'ors, after an Examination of their Cha-

That he finds no Difficulty in getting Bills, and could, rafters and Behaviour; and that the Board never had as be believes, obtain them for Ten Titnes the Amount any Difficulty whatever in finding Persons willing to of his Collection. undertake the Office of Collector, and to give-proper

That he finishes his Collection,. each Round, on the Security; so far from it, that such Places are much Tuesday of the Third Week; and that on the Saturday solicited for. of the First Week, he fends up the Bills for that Week; That the Collectors are required to fend an Account on the Saturday of the.Second Week, lie also remits of their Receipts from each Place of Collection, to the the Bills received that Week.; and that he used, before End the Commissioners may know th'e Amount, and the late new Duties were laid on, to remit the Balance remit the Bills inSix Days after they receive them; they Bill on or before the Saturday of the Third Week; and are also obliged, within a Week after they have finished generally, since that Time, has done so; but does not their Round, to tpansmit a List of all the Bills they recollect, saving One or Two Instances, of being later have remitted during such Rounds, and a Balance Bill in remitting the Balance Bilk than the Wednesday of the for the Remnants of the several Duties with which they Fourth Week. are chargeable during that Round.

That he pays no Premium whatever for the Bills, nor That the Commissioners wifi not permit the Collec-has he paid any since he has been in his present Col- tors to keep any Money in their Hands, but require lection. them to clear the Balance ef each Round, if there be

That at the End of hislafi Rounds, there were no any, before the Commencement of the succeeding. Arrears due in his Collection, though he thinks he re- otherwise they will be charged with Interest for such ceives the Duties from about Fifteen hundred Peo- Money, and incur the Displeasure of the Board, pie. . That the Collectors arse tfery punfttial in remitting;

That before he came to the Bath Collection, he was, that he never heard of a Collector being proceeded

for about Eighteen Months, Collector for Dorset Col- against for Default of Payment of the Money collected lection, the annual Amount of which was upwards of by him, and that he does not believe there is any such Forty thousand Pounds; he found no Difficulty what- Instance since he has been a Commissioner; that the ever in remitting the Money collected there, but the Collectors, by Orders from the Board, in consequence Bills were drawn at Forty Days alter Date, and he paid of a Treasury Warrant, repay the Land Tax charged Vo l.38. upon

This Examinant faith, that he has been a Collector ef Excise near Seven Years; that he is now, and has been for upwards of Five Years, Collector of Bath Collection.

That his Collection extends into Part of Somersetshire, Willshire, and Gloucestershire, principally the Two former; and that the annual Amount of his Collection is upwards of Sixty thousand Pounds.

That he is appointed by the Commissioners of Excise, and has a Salary of One hundred and Twenty Pounds a Year, subject to the usual Deduction of One Shilling and Nine Pence in the Pound: That he is also allowed a certain Sum for Riding Charges, which, in his Collection, amounts to Fourteen Pounds a Round; and there being Eight Rounds a Year, the whole

Report from the Vommissioners Of Public Accounts.

84

27° Novembris.

A. 1780.

upon the inferior Officers Salaries, which do not exceed One hundred Pounds a Year.

That the Receiver General makes up his Accounts weekly, and the Sum to be paid into the Exchequer is by an Order signed by Five Commissioners, and con-fills of a!i the Money in the Receiver General's Hands, except the Sum allowed by the Commissioners as proper to be reserved in the Hands of the Receiver General, to answer stich Payments as the Office has just Reasons to suppose may be demanded the following Week.

That every Year a General Cash Account of the weekly Receipts and payments of each respective Duty is made out, examined, and signed by the Commissioners, and afterwards sworn to by all the Commissioners, before the Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer. It is then carried by the Auditor to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, before whom it is declared, and after being inrolled in the different Offices, a Quietus is granted to the Commissioners.

Geo. L. Scott.

Guy Carleton,

J.'Piggott,

Richd Neave,

Geo. Drummond,

Sam1 Beachcroft.

N* 13.

An Account of the Total Sums in the Hands of the several Receivers General of the Land "l ax, from the Weekly Certificates next followingcacii Quarter Day, from the Time the Mode was adopted of the Receivers General transmitting their Accounts on Oath, to the present*

x778. 10th July, £. 332,844 — —

16th October, - 268,480 —

1779* 8th January, - 182,520 —

9th April, 254,180 — —

9th July, 315,690 — —

15th October, - 386,620 — —

O CO r* 7th January, - 440,000 — —

7th April, 358,550 — —

7tll >ly, - 367,668 9 5 i

George Rose,

Office for Taxes, 1 12th August 1780.]

Secretary.

N* 14.

An Account of the Arrears and Defaulters of the Land Tax and Window Duties, for Twenty Years preceding the Year 1777, and from that Period to the present Time; comprizing therein the Sums which have been compounded for by Act of Parliament, or otherwise, and what has been received upon such Compositions, in lieu of the Sum or Sums in Arrear from any Defaulter or Defaulters.

Wales, S°.

Wales, S\

Stafford.

Hereford.

Wills. Suffolk Pl. Lancaster.

William Williams. - - 21st 2$. Aid, 1755. - £ 180 ——

28 4 Aid, 1756. - 360 — —

29 4 Aid, 1757. - 4,826 4 4

30 4 Aid, 1758. - 2,509 ——

Houses and Windows,* 1756. - 380 ——

d° — 1757. - 640 4 3

d* — 1758. - 614 ——

Leod Bed. Gioyn. - - 40th 4^. Aid, 1776. - 14,160 — —

Houses ind Windows, d°. - 3,800 ——

James Bailey. - 35th 4 Aid, 1763. - 383 15 —

Houses anti Windows, d°. - 1,840 ——

36th 4 Aid, 1764. - 2,354 T9 7

Houses and Windows, d°. - 1,600 ——

Theojr Lane.

Houses and Windows, and Land, 1^65. -38 4 Aid, 1766 -Houses and Windows, d°.

15 3 Aid, 176). 1 Houses and Windows, d°.

1,920 8

11,886' .13

3,8 ——

7>r>38 8 5

2,200 ——

9009 8 7

x7>960 ----'

6,178 14 7

William Earle. -Wallis and Spink, James Gildart.

' ----- ----- -- 27,345 2 io\

Houses and Windows, 1770. -; ----- ----- 4,000 -

22d 3 Aid, 1775. ----- ---- — 20,138 -

Houses and Windows, 1776. - 2,660----

41 lb Aid, 177714,24211*11 Houses and:Windows, d°. - 11,127 9 3

- — 28,036 12

The Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury agreed, by a Warrant under their Hands, to accept of £. 3,000 as a Composition for the Debt due by Mr. Williams of South Wales; for Recovery of which Sum, Suits are now carrying on against the Sureties, who are af>le to pay the Money.

Mr. Leonard Bilson Gtvyn has given sufficient Security for the Payment of the whole Arrear due by him for South Wales, within Four Years and a Quarter from the present Time.

Several Sums have been paid on the Account of Mr. Bailey for Staffordshire, and a Decree of the Court of Chancery is obtained for the Sale of his Estates, from

ll

the-Proceeds of which the whole Debt to the Public

will be paid. - ....

The Estates of Mr. Lane, late Receiver General for llerefonlshire, have been in Possession of the Crown under an Extent ever since his Failure, and the Amount of the Net Receipts is annually paid into the Exchequer, in Diminution of his Debt to the Public.

Sufficient Security is given, and Means are ndw used for enforcing it, for the Payment of the whole Arrear due by Mr. Earle, as Receiver General for Part of the County of Wilts, on Window Duties.

The Executor and Sureties of the late Mr Wallis have paid very large Sums 011 his Account, as Receiver

General

-21 Ge6. I1L 2 70 Novembris. 85

Report General for Part of Suffolk, in Diminution of his Ba-from the ]ance> since his Death, and have only obtained Time rTPuwjr for the Payment of the Remainder, from the Lords Accounrs. Connuiffi oners of the Treasury, in order to enable them to pet in Money duetothe Deeeased

Mr. Gild art, late Receiver General for Lancashire, has lately compounded his Debt with the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, under the Authority of an Act of Parliament, on Condition that he shall pay into the Exchequer the Sum of Ten Thou fan dT wo hundred and Eighty-two Pounds Two Shillings and Six Pence Farthing; Four thousand Two hundred and Eighty-two Pounds Two Shillings and Six Pence Farthing of which he has already paid, and has given very sufficient Security for the Payment of the Remainder on or before Lady Day 1781; it is however to be observed, that the First-nientioned Sum is aComposition for the whole Debt due to the Crown, which includes the whole Debt On the Window Duties.

George Rose,

Office for Taxes, 7 Secretary.

12th October 1780. 3

5-

Return by the Commissioners of Excise to the Order of ti e Commissioners of Accounts, dated 29th September 1780, requiring an Account of Arrears, and Defaulters, of Officers of Excise, Sc. Sc.

There are no Arrears, nor Defaulters, of the Officers of Excise, for Twenty Years preceding the Year 1777 inciulive, nor to this Date; except that in the Year 1774, Thomas Collis, Collector of Oxford, having advanced £.3,600 of the Excise Money upon Bills of Exchange, drawn by Anthony Collins and Thomas Syl-vqter, on Messrs. Sy Refers, of Great Ruffed Street, London, and the several Parties, both Drawers and Paj'ers, becoming Bankrupt before the said Bills became payable, the said Collector Collis was, by Order of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, acquitted and discharged in his Accounts of and from the said Sum of £.3,600; but their Lordships were pleased, at the same Time, to order, that the said Collins and Sylirftr, who drew the Paid Bills, and Messrs. Sylvcjier of Ruffed Street, who accepted the fame, should be set insuper, for the said £.3,600, and in no wife discharged from the same; which Sum is Hill remaining due from the Parties above mentioned.

Ggulston Bruere,

Excise Office, 7 Accomptant General.

4th October 1780.3

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table,

to be perused by the Members of the House. *

Wal A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Moly-flent neu.r, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

I The King commands this honourable House to at-

tend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers. 1 Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up I to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended His Majesty, in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one:

An Act for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one:

An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to impower His Majesty to secure " and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, <c the Crime of High Treason, committed in any of " His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, " or on The High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy :"

An Act to extend the Provisions contained in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, " An " Ad to prevent any Mischief or Inconvenience which " may arise to Sheriffs, Gaolers, Suitors, Prisoners, or " others, by the Prisoners in several Gaols in the Counties of Middlejhrand Survey, mad the City of London, " having been set at Liberty during the late Tumults " and Insurredions," to Persons arrested and hailed since the Destruction of the said Gaols, and before the same shall be repaired, or other Prisons fubfutuied in Lieu thereof:

An Act for naturalizing Simeon Pope:

An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Kern and Nathaniel Lewis Palejke.

John Rob infun, Esqttire, being chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough oi'Har-ivich, in the County of Essex, and also a Baron for the Town and Port of Scufuid, in the County of Sussex, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Harwich.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for tire Town and Port of Seafood, in the County of Sussex, in the room of the said John Rob info n, Esquire.

The Earl of Li/burne, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, prefen ted to the House, pursuant to their Adel refs to His Majesty,

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1781: And also,

An Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1781.

And the Titles of the said Ellimates were read.

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof, and the other Estimate, are as followed! j viz.

Seaford

Writ.

Navy

Estimatce

Vol. 3S.

Z ABSTRACT

85

2 70 Novem,

1780.

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1781.

N°

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and Instruments, and Contingencies 1 elating thereto. ——

2.

3-

4*

o*

6.

7-

8.

9*,

10.

11.

12.

13*

J4-

LY*

16.

*7-

Yards.

Superannuated Sea Officers ——

Pensions and other Allowances

(Chatham - -

Deptford -

Woolwich ——

P or (/mouth.....-

Sheerness ——

Plymouth - -

Muller Mailer and other Officers of the Out Ports -Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary - -

Vi6lual$ to Officers and Men serving therein ——

Charge of Harbour Moorings, and Harbour Riggings -Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty's Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, Buildings, 8(c.- ——

Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers -Bounty to Chaplains - -

Ordinary Charge of Sick and Hurt Seamen ——

£ s. d: 49,232 3 1

33,165 15 2

24,618 .2 —

7,620 16 11 31,881 18 9

15,302 11 6

33.34° ——

102.359. ——

77,500 ——

1,231 17 6

10,008 14. 9

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1781

386,261 5 8

.The Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1781, amounts to Three-hundred Eighty-six thousand Two-hundred Sixty-one Pounds Five Shillings and Eight Pence.

Clui' Middleton, T. Brett.

J. Williams. iV. Palmer.

Edzvd Himt. B. Temple.

Geo. M E. Le Ci as.

Navy

jCnvy Office 24 th November 1780.-

An ESTIMATEof the Charge of what may he necessary for the Buildings, Ro-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His MajestyVj and the "Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear ami Tear and Ordinary for the Year 1781; prepared pursuant to an Order of the honourable House of Commons, dated the 1 oth Iustant. '

Place where.

Deptford - - , -

Woolwich

Chatham - -

Sheerness -Portsmouth

Plymouth

Guns.

98

74

64

22

98

64

5°

32

98

74

64

44

3*

98

74

64

36

98

74

5°

*4

74 5° Sloop. 7 18 I

100

98

74

64

50

20

74

5°

Ships Names.

Nature of their Repair.

Impregnable Goliath -Vanguard -Standard Myrmidon -

Prince - -

Sampson -Earopa - -Mermaid -Winchelsea -

Leviathan -Diadem - -

Dolphin - -

Amphion- -Blenheim

Arrogant

Polyphemus --S'/* Margaritta

Saint George

Warrior

Bulwark

Leopard

Crocodile

Eurydice

Prince of Wales -

Centurion *

«SWn -

Royal Sovereign Glory -Cafar -Anfoti -Medusa Narcissus -Kent -Salisbury

Ordered to be built Building -Ordered to be built Building Building -

Ordered to be built Building -Building -Building -Large Repair

Building -Building -Building -Building -Building -Large Repair t Between Middling and) 1 Large Repair - -j

Building

For completing her

Building -Building -Ordered to be built Building -Building -Building -Middling Repair -(Between Small and Mid-? \ dling Repair -(Between Middling and?,) Large Repair - -j Building -Building -Building -Building -Building -Building -Middling Repair -Middling Repair -

Time when may be

_______/ v ——

Taken in Hand.

Completed.

In Hand

In tland In Hand

In Hand In Hand In Hand In Hand

In Hand In Hand In Hand In Hand I11 Hand I11 Hand

In Hand

In Hand I11 Hand

In Hand In Hand

In Hand In Hand In Hand

In Hand

I11 Hand In Hand In Hand In Hand In Hand I11 Hand Ini land In Hand

Uncertain -December 1781 December 1783 December 1782 May next -

Uncertain -April next Uncertain -Uncertain -December 1781

Uncertain -Uncertain -Uncertain -ylpril next February next October 1782

August next

Uncertain -March next

Uncertain -June next -Uncertain Uncertain -February next February next October next -

June next -

February next

January 1784 Uncertain Uncertain June next -Uncertain -February next Uncertain -Uncertain -

Total King's Yards

Charge of (heir TO T A L.

( Hulls, Malls, and Yards. Rigging ami iMOiCS.

" 9,000 - (), OUO

20,000 CO lb s? 28,904

" 1,000 - 1,000

4,000 - 4,000

" 3,000 2>395 5 >3 9 5

- 3,000 - 3,000

" 9,000 3>772 12,772

" 4,000 2,000 6,000

- 3,000 1,000 4,000

~ 2,000 1,060 3,060

- 10,000 - 10,000

3,000 - 3,000

" 1,000 - 1,000

" 4,800 4,716 9,316

5 00 3.5 V- 4.072

I 2j000 - 12,000

- 15,000 5 >s92 20,892

8,000 2,400 10,400

2,000 3>4°o 5,400

- 6,000 - 6,000

14,490 CO r^. 21,263

1,000 \ 1,000

1,000 - 1,000

- 5°° 2,000 2,500

" , i 5°° 2,000 2,500

1^985 . 5 = 5*° J9>5 °5

" 5.983 4,880 10,863

- , 600 1,65° 2,250

- .8,000 - 8,000

6uo - 600

" 6,000 - 6,000

" 7,412 5-111 ' 1 2, S 23

600 - 600

" 900 5,403

" .4,000 - - . 4,000

7,000 2,500 9,500

£ 192.870 72.138 265,008

00

Geo. III. 270

MERCHANTS

It Titilings'

g

cq'

N'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

Q§

FT

Grin(J'end Dover

Wivenhoe

Mijlley thorn Harwich East Cowes

Northam

Burjledon

Bucklerjhard

Bristol

Howdenpans Liverpool -

74

64

36

41

33

04

44

64

<H

74

04

64

5° . Fireship

Cutter

Sloop . 16 32

74

64

44

J2

64

44

6

32

64

44

5°

44

33 32

44

5°

3 2 5° Sloop

>of 7 16 i 38 32

Defiance - Agreed for to be built

Sccplre - - Building - -

Perseverance - - Building -

Rcjifance - - Building - -

La ton a - Building - m

Dittator - - Building - -

Guardian - - - Building - -

Africa - - Building - -

Ahdromache - - Building - -

Scipio - - Building - -

Powerful - - Agreed for to be built

Crown - - Building.

Director - Building - -

Cato - - - - Building - -

Ale So . Building - -

Tifiphone - - Building - -

Pigmy d - Building - -

Cockatrice - - Building - -

Inspector - Building - -

Jphigenia - Building -

Irresistible - - Building - -

Veteran - - Building m -

Experiment - - Building - -

AJlrea - - Building - -

Stately - - Building - -

Mediator - Building - -

New Agreed for to be built

Ardent - - Building - -

Quebec - - Building - -

Agamemnon - - Building - -

Indefatigable - - Agreed for to be built

Gladiator - - Building - -

Trujly - - Building - -

Diomede - - Building - -

Serapis - - Building - -

Arethusa - - Building -

Hermione - - . - Building - -

Druid - - Building - -

Argo - - - - Building - -

Grampus - - Building - -

Success - Building - -

AJfijlance - - Building - -

Ariel - - Building - -

Phaeton Ceres - - 9m Building Building - -

O

too Chatham

Portsmouth -

Plymouth

On Works of the Yards*

To taking down and re-building 260 Feet of the Ix>ng Storehouse on the Anchor Wharf.. .

To building of a Wing at the Marine Barracks, for Officers -

- To completing the Rigging House

To completing the Storehouse for fitted Rigging

Towards carrying on the Foundation and Stone Wharfs afe the West Side of The Watering Island Towards carrying on the Foundation and Stone Wharfs at the Landing Hulk -

To completing the Four Houses for the Surgeon, Boatswain, Clerk of the Rope Yard, and Master Ropemaker ....

To building anew Hemp House vviih Offices ——

To building the Store Boathoufts on the New Ground ——

Towards building the New South Storehouse ——

- Towards building of Four Bays of Boathouses,.and forming a Slip in Front of them ——

Towards completing the NToultl Loft., and Two Bays of Plank Houses, over the Locks on the West Side of the Mast Pond -

Towards carrying on 200 Feet in Length of the Wharf Wall, on the East Side the Mast Pond, with Three Walls for forming Two Bays of Locks for Malls, and Two Plank Houses over them ——

Towards building and completing a'Wharf Wall on the East Side of the Outer Mast Pond - -

Towards building the new Barracks for Marines, at. StanehouJ'e, near Plymouth ——

Total - -

Grand Total-

ABSTRACT.

For the Ships in His Majesty's Yards-

For the Ships in Merchants Yards -Towards the Improvements in the Yards

rHulfe -

- *92,870,

<92,870?

(Rigging and Stores - 72,1385

(Hulls - 240,50 8/

I Rigging and Stores - 96^0143

065,008-

336,522

68,486-

D

cq'

Grand Total

Viz. The Sunr of Six. hundred Severity thousand and Sixteen. Pounds*.

670,016

1 & HS

6,oqo- 0

3>S5°

O

2,001

6,105 HHf

7,500 8,000

35°

5*284

4*799

2,367

4,462

M77

4*987

1,804, 0

10,000 !>

68,486 <3

670,016 a- -35.

N

CD

Cl

Cr

o

o

k

rT

O:

fi,

ft.

Hr.

R-

Char Middleton,. T..Brett,

% Williams, U\ Palm,

Ediif1 ITunt, 11. Temple,

Geo. Mar thy E. Le Cras,

VO

Land Tax

Coreo iffionerSi

Ac.

Whitby

Harbour.

90

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land " Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service " of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Eighty-one:" And that Sir Grey Cooper and Mr; Ord do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants, Mailers and Owners of Ships, of the Town of Whitby, in the County of York, was presented-to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual repairing and maintaining the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York, it was enacted, That from and after the ill Day of June 1750, an additional Duty of One Farthing per Chaldron should be paid by the Mailer or Owners of every Ship that should load or ship any Coals at the Port of Nexvcajile upon Tyne, or at Sunderland Blyth, Seaton Sluice, Cidlercoates, or any other Harbour, Colliery, or Place, that was, or was reputed to be, a Member of the said Port of Netvcastle upon Tyne, for the Purposes aforesaid; and that, by an Act made in the Sixth Year Of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Duty of One Farthing per Chaldron upon Coals, granted by an Act of the First Year of the Reign of Queen Annej for re-building, and repairing the Piers of the Town and Port of Whitby, and continued by an Act of the Eighth Year of King George the Second, was continued for the further Term of Thirty-one Years, from the ift Day of June 1766; and that fmce the passing of the said last-recited Acts, the Petitioners have, at a very great Expence, caused a considerable Part of the West Pier to betaken down and rebuilt, and the East Pier to be raised, and made broader and stronger by a Casing of Stone from End to End next the Sea, which otherwise would have made a Breach through the fame; and for defraying the Expence of the said Works, and other Repairs, the Petitioners have been under the Necessity of borrowing several large Sums of Money on the Duties granted by the said last-recited Acts, amounting to the Sum of£. 8,150, whereof £. 6,250 remained unpaid when the Accounts relating thereto, and to the said Works, were dated on the 2d Day of August last; and that about Seventy-five Yards of the said West Pier, where the Foundation has given Way, Hill remains unrepaired, and mull of Necessity be taken down and re-built without Delay, which, with the other Works.directed to be done by the said Acts, will be very expensive, being estimated, at a moderate Computation, at £. 13,000 and upwards, and it will not be possible for the Trustees to pay off the said remaining Debt, and complete the Repairs of the said Piers, and the Works directed to be made by the said Acts, without the further Aid and Assistance of Parliament: And therefore praying, That the Duty of One Farthing per Chaldron, granted by the said Act of the Twenty-third of George the Second, which will expire on the iflDay of 1781, may be continued for a further Term of Years, in order to enable the Petitioners to pay off the said Debt, and to com* plete the Repairs of the said Piers and the Works above-mentioned, subject to such Provisoes and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of

1780.

the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir Robert Sof Beerchurch Hall, in the County of Esse.v, Baronet, and Dame Charlotte Sophia Smyth, his Wife, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by a Settlement,'made previous to the Intermarriage of the Petitioners, divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being in the County of r, therein mentioned and described, being Part of the Estate and Inheritance of the Petitioner Sir Robert Smyth, were, in Consideration of such Marriage, and the Portion or Fortune of the Petitioner Dame Charlotte Sophia Smyth, then called Charlotte Sophia Blake, settled, limited, and assured, to the Use of the Petitioner Sir Robert Smyth, for Life; and after the Determination of the said Ellate, by the Death of the said Sir Robert Smyth, in case the said Dame Charlotte Sophia Blake should survive him, to the Intent and Purpose that the said Dame Charlotte Sophia Blake should, after his Death, have and receive the Yearly Rent Charge of Eight hundred Pounds out of the same Premises during her Life, by Quarterly Payments^ for and in the Name of her Jointure, and in Bar of her Dower, with the usual Powers of Entry and Distress for the better and more eft'eftually securing the said Rent Charge; and that as the Petitioner Dame Charlotte Sophia Smyth was born out of His Majesty's Allegiance, and hath not yet been made: a free Subject of Great Britain, by Authority of Parliament, it may be doubtful whether, by any Act of Parliament, made subsequent to the said Marriage Settlement, merely and solely for her Naturalization, Ihe would be legally qualified to hold and enjoy the said Rent Charge do limited to her for her Life, according to the Intention of the said Settlement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for naturalizing the said Dame Charlotte Sophia Smyth, and for qualifying and enabling her to hold and enjoy the said Rent Charge for her Life, as effectually as if Ihe had been a free and naturaj-born Subject of Great Britain at the Time of making the said Settlement.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Elzves and Mr. Hartley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to enable all Persons named in any Commission of the Peace, to act as Justices of the Peace in the Suppression of Riots and Tumults, notwithstanding the y have not taken out their DedimusPotejlatem, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for enabling such Justices of the Peace to take the Oath of Qualification in the Manner therein to be directed.

Mr. Minchin presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to-enable all Persons, named in any Commission of the Peace, to act a9 Justices of the Peace in the Suppression Suppression of Riots and Tumults, notwithstanding they have not taken out their Dedimus Potejlatem; and for enabling such Justices of the Peace to take the Oath of Qualification in the Manner therein directed: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from BejffelJleigh, through Wantage to Hunger/ord,

in the County of Berks, and from Wantage io borough in the County of and from the Turn-

pike Road between Reading and Wallingford, through

Halfpenny

270 Novembris.

Sinvth'*

Nat.

of Ptac£ to ad in ftipprelfcnr Riots.

Ditto.

BeUeJflcigii

Arc.

Road.

a i Geo. III.

27

28'

Xcport

§om the

NBimConer*

of fublic Accounts.

Ci

bclerey

Arc.

lofare.

Halfpenny Lane, to The did ftb'd upon Wantage

Downs, and from thence to in the said

County of Berks; and for amending the Road through PidgeonLane, instead of the said Road through Halfpenny Lane. was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr.

Mr. Hartley, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and date, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, which was this Day presented to the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies Of the said Report be printed, as shall bd sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Commons, and Walie Lands, in the Manors and Parishes of Highclere and in the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed, to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 20. 1. 1. To leave out " without Stamps."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do paf>: And That the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Commons, and Walie Lands, in the Manors #nd Parishes o f Highclere and , in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire tueir Concurrence.

Tfents A Motion was made, and the Question being pro* voted to fjofed, That the Thanks of this House be given to Sir *andint00 Henry Qlinton, Knight of the Moll honourable Oi derof

ktCnrawaHw, the Bath, and Commander in Chief of His Majesty'fl Forces in North America, and to the Right honourable Lieutenant General Charles Earl Cornwallis, for the eminent and very important Services performed by them to His Majesty and this Country, particularly by the Reduction oi'Charles Towtl by the Army under the Command of Sir Henry Clinton, and by the hte moll glorious Victory obtained by Lord Cornwallis at.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting after the Words " North Ame- rica" the Words " and to Vice Admiral " Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Fleet in North America."

Afterwards another Amendment was proposed to be made to a farmer Part of die Question, by leaving out the Wor s " Sir IlenryClinton, Knight of the Most " honourable Order of the Bath, and Commander in " Chief of H is Majesty's Forces iu North America,

" and to."

And the Question being put. That those Words Hand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Amendment, to insert after the Words North America," the Words " and to Vice Admiral Arbuthnot, Commander in Chief of His Majell) 's Fleet in North America," being again proposed; And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question; by leaving out the Words " for the eminent and very important Services performed by them to His Majesty and this Country," in order to insert the Words " for their spirited and exemplary " CQodu$ in the Reduction of Chai'les Town, and the Victory at instead thereof

See.

If

t

NovembriSi 9*

And the Question being put, "that the Words proposed to be left out Hand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question by inserting, after the Word " Army," the Words " and Navy."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

It was refoived in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting, after the Words " under the " Command of Sir Henry Clintonthe Words " and " Vrice Admiral Arbuthnot,"

And the Question being put* That those Words be there inserted j

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Rofolved, That the Thanks of this House be given to Sir Henry Clinton, Knight of the Most honourable Order of the Bath, and Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces in North America, and to Vice Admiral Arbuthnot, Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Fleet in North America, and to the Right honourable Lieutenant General Charles Earl Cornwallis, for the eminent and very important Services performed by them to His Majesty and this Count ry, particularly by the Rt-du&iort of Charles Toum by the Army and Navy under the Command of Sir Henry Clinton and Vice Admiral Arbuthnot, and by the late most glorious Victory obtained by Lord Cormoallis at Camden

Ordered, That Mr. Speakerdo signify the said Thanks to Sir Henry Clinton, Vice Admiral Arbuthnot, and Earl Cornwallis.

The Orders of the Day being read.

Ordered, l lmt the Report from the Committee of Soppfju the -whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, efolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Wayi Morning next, resolve rtself into a Committee of the and Meani; whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- --jt.

Mart is, 2 8° die Novembris.

Anno 2i* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

AB I L L for continuing the Term, and altering _ f and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, of the j|'ric|*e Niuth and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty to Fyfiekt King George the Second, for amending and keeping in Repair such Part, of the Roads described in the last-mentioneo Act, as leads from the End of Culham Bridge next to Culham, in the County of Oxford, to the End of

Burford Bridgenext to Abingdon, in the County of Berks,

and from The Manor's Stone at the End of Boar Street, in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to in the said County of Berks, and from thence to the West End of the Town of Fyfield, in the same County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ehoes,

Mr. Hartley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Ciiam? her.

A Petition

Debt^n

Petition.

Northallerton

Writ.

Jlmington

loclulure.

Land Tax

Commissioners,

6cc*

Supply.

pi 'i8° Novembris* ^.1780.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thercimto subscribed, Prii'oners for Debt in the Callle, the Common Gaol for the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Dill refs, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his "Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the clefting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Northallerton, in the County of York, in the Room of Daniel Lascelles, Esquire, who, ftnee his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of Mis Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of S'oke, and Bonenham,

in the County of Buckingham.

A Pet it ion of Francis Canning, E squire, Lord of the Manor of Ilmington,\nthe Parish in the County

ofjrarwick, and of George Knox, Doctorin Divinity, Rec-for of the said Parish, and of the several other Persons whoseNames are; hereunto subscribed, being Proprietors ofuninclofi-d and commonable Land there, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Man >r and Parish are co-extensive, and contain several Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but would be much intreased in Value by a Division and Inclosure of the fame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bo ugh/on Rouse, Sir George and Sir

Robert Law lei/, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sit* Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for appointing Commissioners lor putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, " by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great for the

" Service of the Year One thousuud Seven hundred " and Eighty-oner" And the same was received; and read the Firli Time.

lli/ulved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of t he Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followoth, viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including Four tliou-sand Two hundred and Thirteen Invalids, amounting to Thirty-nine thousand Six hundred and Sixty fix effective Men, Commission and Non-commission Officers included, be employed for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding One Million and Forty-nine thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four Pounds Eight Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Thirty-nine thou-fanil Six hundred and Sixty-six effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, for 1 he Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-t»ne.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Four hundred Eighty eight thousand Nine hundred and Twenty-seven Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Africa, and The East Indies, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, The West Indies, and e Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Forty-two thousand Nine hundred and Twenty-seven Pounds and Sixteen Shif* lings, be granted to His Majesty, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one.

Re/uhcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-six thousand and Seventy-four Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Four Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Five Hanoverian Battalions of Foot at Gibraltar, and Minorca, and for Provisions for the Three Battalions of the said Troops at,

for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eiguty-one.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a.Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Sixty-feveu thousand Two hundred and Three Pounds Nine Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Thirteen thousand Four Imn-dred and Seventy-tw'o Men, of the i roops of the Landgrave of IleJ/e Caf/el, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, pursuant to Treaty. '

Resolved, That it istheOpinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Thirty nine thousand Five hundred Ninety-seven Pounds One Shilling and Eleven Pence and One Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Two Regiments of Hunan, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, pursuant to Treaty with the Hereditary Prince of Hcffe Caffell, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion‘of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventeen thousand Four' hundred Ninety-eight Pounds Three Shillings and Two Pence Three Farthings, he granted to His Majesty, foe defraying the Charge of a Regiment of Foot of deck, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, pursuant to Treaty with the Reigning Prince of Waldeck, for tlte Year One thousand Seven hundred

and Eighty-on©.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,' That a Sum not exceeding Ninety-three thousand Nine hundred Forty seven Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Eight Pence, he granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Four thousand Three hundred Men, the Troops of the Reigning Duke of Brit if hick, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-nine thousand Six hundred Forty-four Pounds Pourteen Shillings and Three Pence, granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Fourteen hundred and Forty-seven Men, the Troops of the Margrave of Brandcbonrg in

the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, fof the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixteen thousand Six hundred and Thirty Pounds Eleven Shillings and Nine Pence and One Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of a Corps of Foot of Zerbjl, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with tli6

Ssbftdy

a i Geo. III.

28° — -29° Novembris.

93

Snbfidy, pursuont to Treaty with the Reigning Prince of Anhalt Zerbjl, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-nine thousand Three hundred and Seventy-three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Provisions for the Foreign Troops serving in North America, in the Pay of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Four hundred Sixty-three Pounds Eight Shillings and Five Pence and Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good a Deficiency in the Sums voted for the Troops of the Hereditary Prince of Hejfe Cajfel, in the Pay of Great Britain, being the Charge of an Augmentation to the said Troops, from the Twenty-ninth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-bine to the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-seven thousand Six hundred Eighty-three Pounds and Fourteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Artillery for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Seventy-two thousand Four hundred Fifty-seven Pounds and Fifteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Cl targe of the Embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain, and of Four Regiments of Fencible Men in North Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty one.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety-time thousand Six hundred Seventy-nine Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Cloathing for the Embodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put; That the said Report be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j } 37-

Tellers for the Noes, J 1108.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Army Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Mutiny puni/liing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better D-fcuion Payment the A-rmy and their Quarters: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Ord, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in the fame.

ew Mai, on Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to \ rit. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Malton, in the County of York, in the room of Savile Finch, Esquire, who, firtce his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty's Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 38.

Mercuriij 290 die Novembris;

Anno 2i® Georgii III"1 Regis, 1780.

Prayers.

THE House was moved. That the Order, made Ofcebampton upon the 21st Day of this Instant November, for Election-taking into Consideration, upon T the 23d Day of January next, the Petition of Charles Philip Jennings,

Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return . for the Borough of Okehampton, in the County of Devon, might be read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed, that Mr. Jennings was desirous to withdraw' his said Petition;

And one of the Sitting Members, in his Place, having acquainted the House, that be consented, for himself and the other Sitting Member, to the withdrawing of the said Petition;

Ordered, That the said Order, for taking the said Petition into Consideration, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Charles Philip Joinings, Esquire, have Leave to withdraw his said Petition.

A Petition of the Prifi>ners confined for Debt in His Debtor* Majesty's Gaol the Castle of York, in and for the *>cUUon»* County of York, for themselves, and on Behalf of their suffering Brethren in the several Liberty Gaols of the said County, was presented to the House, and read;

Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Elwes presented to the House, according to Or- Smyth's der, a Bill for naturalizingDame Charlotte Sophia Smyth, Nat,

Wife of Sir Robert Smyth, Baronet; and for qualifying and enabling her to hold and enjoy a Rent Charge, limited to her upon her Marriage, in the Name of her Jointure: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List Account of the Number of Flag Officers (exclusive of those officers under the Description of Superannuated upon Rear 2 Admirals Half Pay) at the Conclusion of the late War with France and Spain.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List Ditto, of the present Number of Flag Officers; diliinguishing those upon Service, and those on Half Pay.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List Account of the Number of Captains, and Masters and Com- _ manders, who have been promoted to those Ranks tnPtain,» c* since the Peace of Paris; distinguislxing the Number now on Half Pay.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Importation last Session of Parliament, intituled, " An A ftfor con- x^rownsaic.

" tinuing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of Fine Organzined Italian Thrown Silk in any Ships or Vessels,

" for a limited Time," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, to eonlider of the said Act.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from, and imported into. Great

B b Britain,

Account of

Imports

and

Exports*

94

29° — 3°° Novembris. 1780.

Britain, from Christmas 1773 to Christmas 1779; dif- Majesty to raise the Sum of One Midion, for t»»e tinguilhingeach Place, and each Year. " Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, and to uhom

the same were issued, be referred to the said Com-

Account Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Imports and Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Mer-Exporta. chandize, exported from, and imported into, >Great Britain, from Christmas 1779 to Christmas 1780, distinguishing each Place; as loon as the same can be made up.

Accounts Ordered, That there be laid before this Hotife, a par-

House ticillar Account of the Number of Houses and Cottages and charged, chargeable, discharged, and not charged, with Window the Duties on Houses and Windows, both inhabited Dunes. and uninhabited, within that Part of Great Britain called England, in Wales, the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and also in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; distinguishing all the Counties within which they lie (and with respect to Houses situated within any City, having not less than Four hundred Houses, distinguishing also the said City) and likewise distinguishing the several Clades of Houses as they are afieffed and pay to the Duties on Houses and Windows, for each Year, from the Beginning of the Year 1750 to the Year 1779, inclusive.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the the 1 uia. jjneteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for augmenting the Militia," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bilf to explain and amend the said Act: And that the Lord Beauchamp and Mr. Ord do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Land Tax A Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, <c by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the u Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Eighty-one," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday the 8th Day of February next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Oi'dercdy That the Knights of the Shires, and other Members of this House, do prepare Lifts, fairly written, of Commissioners Names for executing the said - 'Act} for the respective Counties, Cities, and Places, for which there have been used to be Commissioners; and that the Christian and Surnames of the said Commissioners be written at Length.

.. Supply. r The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonftder further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the: -Office of Ordnance, for the Year 178*1, Land Service, !, 1 ‘ -be referred to the said Committee.

Ordercdy That thfe Account of the Amount of the -Exchequer Bills-made out by virtue of an Act, passed t in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or " Exchequer Bills,- for the Service of the Year One

r?6- th/xufond Seveti hundred and Eighty," be referred to rtheiiud Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies rtiifed the Receipt of the Exchequer, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of an Act passed in the last Session ' . ®f Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling

in it tee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left, the Chair.

Mr. Ord look the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, Thai they had come to several Refutations; which they hud directed him to report, when the House will please torecei ve the fame.

Ordered, That the Report he received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mon>-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being rear);

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovtsy 30° die Novembris;

Anno 210 Georgii IIIm Regis, 1780, Prayers.

THE House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for continuing an Act, made in the " bit Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of Fine Organzined'Italian Thrown Silk, in any " Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Strachey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Strachey reported from the Committee, That he wasdirested by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Strachey accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring a Bill lor further continuing an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of Fine Organ zined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time.

And Mr. Strachey moved the House accordingly. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing an Act, madein the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of Fine Organziued Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a' limited Time: And that . Mr. Strachey, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. Or</,do prepare, "and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the.Prisoners confined for Debt in the Sheriff's Ward or Gaol at Bodmin, and the other Prisons in the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House,

and

Ways and Meansj

Importation ot Italian Thro wnS ilk.

Debtors Petition.

TVf nf the Troops iu America.

Hzflfmere

Writ.

A^rkby

Writ.

.Account of Men iofl, &c. h America.

Account of

raised.

Rettir jo^ Et basics tion to America -

Motion for A rmy Xeiurns*

1

Supply-

2i Geo. III. 30° Novembris — 4 05

ami read; Complaining of their Dist-refs, and praying

belief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, a State of lbs Majesty's Land F r eS, Officers i icluded, in North America and The li'iyr diliinguishing the

National, Foreign, and ProvincialTroops, as they were at the End of the Year t 779, taken from the last Returns dated within that Year.

Sir James Loirther, P.aronet, being chosen a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cumberland, nndalfoa Burgess for the Borough of Haslemere, in the County of Surra/, made

his Election to serve for the said County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hajin the County of Surrey, in the room of the said Sir James Lout her. Baronet.

William Laxcther, Esquire, being chosen a Citizen to I'erve in this present Parliament for 1 he City of Cffr-li/le, in the County of Cumberland, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Appleby, in the County of Wrftmore-laud, made his Election to serve for the said City of Carlisle.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Appleby, in the County of Westmorelund, in the room of the said William Lowlher, Esquire.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Men loft and disabled in his Majesty's Land Service, including Marines ferviilg on Shore, and Foreign Troops in British Pay, by Death, Cap-tivit}'. Desertion, Wounds, or Sickness, in North America and The West Indies, from the ift of November 1774 to the Date of the last Returns, inclusive; distinguishing each Year, Corps, and Service.

jesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table Where the same were read; and areas followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred and F.ightv-two tlioufaiul Nine hundred and Twenty-four Pounds Eleven Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred and Forty-seven thousand One hundred and Eighty-two Pounds Four Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, and not provide 1 for by Parliament, in One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of, One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, " by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty," and charged upon the First Aids to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One Million be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling " His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for " the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned," and charged upon the First Aids to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

The fair! Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock....

Ordered, That, there be laid before this House, an Account of all the Men raised for His Majesty's Land Service (Militia and Fencible Men in North Britain not included) in Great Britain and Ireland, from the 29th September 177410 the 29th September 1780; distinguishing each Year.

Luna, 40 die Decembris;

Anno 21® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1780.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Totals of the Embarkation Returns of all the British Corps and Recruits which have been sent from Great Britain or Ireland, to any Part of North America or The West Indies, in the Years 1778, 1779, and 1780;

diliinguishing each Year.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That there be laid before this House, the Monthly Returns of the Army and Militia, from the 2',th Day of March lall, as far as the same can be made up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tdfen for the Yea.,*

' I Mr. bliot, Junior: \

Tellers for the Noes

So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. dc Grey,

I Sir Herbert Mackxeorth

16.

56.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to I lis' Miw Vol. 3S.

Prayers. (

DAME Charlotte Sophia Smyth took the Oaths appointed, in order to her Naturalization.

Mr. Ord, from the Select Committee who. were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Henry Harford, Esquire, and the

Younger, Esquire; and also the Petition of several Electors of the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset-, and also the Petition of the honourable Henry Fane and David Robert Michel, Esquire; and also the Petition of Joseph Wallis, Benjamin Clerk, and

Benjamin Domett Buddicombe, JBurgeffea of the Borough

ot Lyme Rest is, in the County of complaining of

an undue Election and Double Return for the said. Borough; informed the House, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That Henry Harford, Esquire, is not duly returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lyme llcgis, in the County of Dorset:

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined.

That

Ly

Atfgmemin

the Militia.

f Enfliim Inclosure*

Accounts of Flig Ofhccri and Captains.

40 Decembris. 1780.

That Lionel Darell, the Younger, Esquire, is not duly returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Lyme Regis:

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined.

That the honourable Henry is not duly returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Lyme Regis:

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined.

That David Robert Michel Esquire, is not. duly returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Lyme Regis:

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined.

That the lad Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Lyme Regis, was a void Election.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of Two Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset, the last Election for Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough having been determined to be void.

The Lord Beauchamp presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for augmenting the Militia:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refoved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Robert Langfor, Esquire, Lord of the

Manor of Ensham, in the County of Oxford, and Owner and Proprietor of Lands and Estates within the Parish of Enfliam aforesaid, on Behalf of bimftdf and other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read $ Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, Two Tracts or Parcels of Open Land*, called Ensham Heath and Old Coppice, and also several Closes and Parcels of Arable and Pasture Land, called The Lammas and Michaelmas Grounds, and <dther Commonable Lands and Grounds belonging to the Petitioner and other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the said Parish; and that the said Lands and Grounds, in their present State* are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but* if the said Two Tracts or Parcels of Land, called Ilcath and Old

Coppice, were fenced off and inclosed, and a proper Part thereof separated and set out to and for the Petitioner, for his own Ufeand Benefit, and the Remainder set apart as a Common Pasture,- for depasturing of Cattle, and properly regulated aivd stinted, and also if the said J.ammas and Michaelmas Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Ground's before mentioned, were exonerated from certain Rights of Common, to which they are subject at fluted Times in the Year, great Benefit and Advantar/c would accrue to the several Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may given to bring in a Bill for the several Purposes aforesaid in such Manner, and under such Regulations and J.iestrictions, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered,-Tha-.t Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prcjyerof the said Petition: And t hat Mr. Annedcy, Lord "Charles Spencer, and the Lord do prepare, a od bring in, the fame.

1 lie Earl -of Lijburne, fifom the Commissioners for

executing Vue Office of Lord High Admiral of Great %

Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A Lift of the Number of Flag Officers fexelnfive of those under the Description of Supei animated upon Rear Admirals Half Pay) at the Condttlion of the late War with France and Spain: And also,

A Lift of the present Number of Flag Officers; distinguishing those upon Service, and those on Half Pay: And also,

A Lift of the Number of Captains, and Masters and Commanders, who have been promoted to those Ranks since the Peace of Farts;distinguishing the Number now on Half Pay.

And the Titles of tire said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to considerfurther of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Lifts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for naturalizing Dame Charlotte Sophia Smvrh*s

Wife of Sir Robert Smyth, Baronet; and for qualifying I"*:, and enabling her to hold and enjoy a Rent, Charge, limited to her upon her Marriage, in the Name of her Jointure, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ekves,

Mr. BricA'dale, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account Account of the Number of Men who have died in _ actual Service in His Majesty's Navy, fmee the ill Day fati!* of January 1776; distinguishing, as far as may be. Navy those who have been killed by the Enemy, and also of &c. the Number of such Men as have deserted the said Service in the same Period, as far as the several Accounts can be made up; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Ships, being Property, reported

inwards in the Port of London from the First of last to the First of January next; distinguishing each Ship, the Date of the Report, her Name, the Port from whence flie came, whether Plantation, or

Foreign built, her Burthen, the Number of Men British, and the Number of Men Foreigners, by whom lhe was navigated befules the Master.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Ships, being Foreign Property, reported inwards in the Port of London, from the First of January last to the First of January next; distinguishing each Ship, the Date of the Report, her Name, the Portsrom whence lhe came, whether British, Plantation, or Foreign built, her Burthen, the Number of Men British, and the Number of Men Foreigners, by whom lhe was navigated besides the Master.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums of Money laid out on the Mead of Extra of the Navy, between the 31st of December 1779 and the 31st of December 1780; distinguishing the several Ships and Services on which the same have been expended.

Account of Blit ill* Ships reported lmvarUs.

Account of Foreign Ships reported inward a.

Account of Navy Extras.

Sir Greij Cooper presented to the House, according to Importation

Order, a Bill lor further continuing an Act, made in It-.hnn the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- rown 1

jesty, for allowing the Importation of Fine Organzined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a limiled Time: And the same was received; and read the First Time. |

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition

1

2i Geo. III.

Decemlrii,

AAr^.ifftTtion A Petition of John and John tiding. Agents

" t,cc for the Bril ijh Subjects residing in the Provinces of Ben* serial. gal-> Bahar, and Orifa, and their several Dependencies,

whose Names are fubforibed to the Petition herein after set forth, was presented to the House, and read; Setting fort!), That the Petitioners have received the Copy of a Petition, certified by a Notary Public in at Fort William in B, to be a true Copy of an original Petition to this honourable House, ligned by Six hundred and Forty-eight of the British Subjects refilling in the Provinces of , Bahar, and Orifa,

and their several Dependencies; which Copy, so authenticated as aforesaid, is in the Words following:

To the honourable the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled.

The humble Petition of the British Subjects residing in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Or [fa, and their several Dependencies,

Sheweth,

That your Petitioners, labouring under the Weight of many and great Grievances, know not where to apply for Relief with so much Propriety and Confidence as to the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, the great Guardians of the Liberties and Properties of British Subjects.

That your Petitioners humbly conceive, there are certain Rights inherent in Eng, and confirmed by the most sacred Acts of the Legislature, which no Power on Earth can legally deprive them of, where the Laws of Great Britain are in Force.

That your Petitioners observed, with the deepest Concern and A (flidion, that. at the pash ng oft heACt oftbeThir-teenth of George the Third, intituled, "An Act for efta-‘blilhirigcerlain Regulations for the better Management "of the AtTairs of the East India Company, as well in India

"as in Euro/te, and previous to it, very erroneous'Reports had l>een propagated, and injurious Ideas entertained, of the Principles and Practices of the British Subjects residing within these Provinces; from which it was inferred, that they required more rigorous Restraints and Coercions than have been usually imposed upon

That your Petitioners, knowing such Reports, when applied to the Community, to be void of all Foundation in Truth, did flatter themselves, that Time, better Information, and their own loyal and obedient Conduct, would have convinced their Enemies, and the whole English Nation, of the Injustice and Cruelty of these Suppositions, and have excited the known Candour of the British Parliament to frame, in their Wisdom, such

Ordinances and Regulations as were better adapted to the real Circumstances and Situation of your Petitioners.

That your Petitioners have, for some Years, vainly flattered themselves with this Expectation; and now find, to their unspeakable Sorrow, that their dutiful Submission appears only to have encouraged the Justices of the Supreme Court to proceed Step by Step in reducing them to the most grievous Distress, till yctaf Petitioners have in Fad been put out of the Law by a Declaration from the Bench on a solemn Occasion, *tlwtt the Act of Parliament above recited, was not intended fot* the Security and Protection of the Whole, but for the immediate Protection of a Part of the Inhabitants of these Provinces.

That your Petitioners humbly conceive, that the Trial by Jury, in all Cases where it can be granted, is one of those inherent, unalienable, and indefeafihle (Rights, of which neither Time nor Citcumftafiee can deprive a British Subjed living under British Laws; yet

the Justices of the Supreme Court of Judicature in Bengal have, by the adftal or assumed Powers of a Charter granted under an Act of Parliament, refuted to allow your Petitioners the Benefit of this sacred Bulwark df their Freedom, efceept in Criminal Cafes, thereby, as *$1, 38.

tutoblbfloR)* I M*nch#n I

your Petitioners appt'ebend, adlrig in direct Cod trad ic-tionto die late Act of Parliament, to the fundamental Law of the Land, and the great Charter of British Liberties: This Grievance, so iasupportabie; mud come home to the Breast of every Engll/hritans and none will feel it more sensibly than the enlightened Members of a British Senate.

With all due Submission to the Will of their most Gracious Sovereign, and with the most loyal and finGert Affedlon for His Person, Family, add Government, your.Petitioners humbly apprehend, that neither Lei tors Patent nor any other Grant can be valid, if made contrary to the known Law of the Land; yet the said Justices, acting under Letters Patent, assume a Power not only to fine and imprison your Petitioners, but to decide on all Actions for Damages for Personal Wrongsi both determining the Fad, and afiefling the Damages to any Amount, at their own Discretion, thereby taking to themselves an uncontrolled Dominion over the Per-foils and Property of your Petitioners, to the great Fear and imminent Danger of all Subject*.

Your Petitioners humbly conceive, that in all Subject States, but more especially in one 16 remote from the Seat of Empire, where the Disproport&m between-the governing Power and those governed is ft) great as to make the present Safety and future Permanency of the Dominion itfelfdepend entirely upon the precarious Tie of ideal Superiority, that all poihble Tender note and Caution should be used, to prevCpt that Opinion, being weakened or destroyed, or the Authority or Reputation of the Government lessened, left the Multitude lhoftdd be encouraged to put themselves on a Level with their Rulers, and lose that Idea of their fbperior Power by which alone they are held in Subjection; but, to thin great Mortification and Alarm of your Petitioner*, they fee the Reiped and Veneration which the Natives have heretofore monifefted for the Government, daily decerasing, owing, as your Petitioners verily believe, to the Extension of the Aathorrtyof the Court adaqr independent of the Government to Prrfiwn and Cafes where they conceive it never was the Intention of the Legislature to allow them to ad, a Spirit of Contempt for its Authority, and for Europeans in general, heretofore unknown, diffusing itself among the Natives, which, if not reftr&iupd in due Time, must terminate in Difaf-section and Refinance, and ultimately oecatfjon the De-strudion of the British Subjects residing in these Provinces, and the Loss of thele valuable Dominions to the Crown of Great Britain for ever.

That your Petitioners, entertaining the most perfect -Conviction of the Trnth of these Observations, suggested by the Reftftance shewn to the Authority of Government in various Parts of these Provinces, and by the late daring Tumult, heretofore unprecedented, which happened in open Day in the Capital, and at the Entrance of the Seat of Judicature itself, offer them with SubmifSon to yoar most serious Consideration.

Your Pettit ion ei*s have been informed,- and -bdieve, -that Ex po/tfa do and Retrospective Laws, are contrary to Natural Justice, incompatible with the Laws of England, and irreconcileable to the Feelings of a British Parliament,*and that they are held in Abhorrence by tl)e Nation; that, if these Principles are admitted in and acknowledged to be productive of the mou fatal Confluences, they must apply still more forcibly to a subjected Country, fituSted at tire Diliance of Half the <3lobe, where the Manners, Customs, Laws, and Prejudices of the People differ 16 widely from those of the governing Nation; your Petitioners appeal to the Humanity of the British Parliament, to refled on the innu-

merable Hardships which must ensue, and the troiversal 'Confnsion which must be oecdfioned, as well to personal Rights as to public and private Property, by giving-to the voluminous and intricate Laws of Englanda, bound-left retrospective Power in the Midst of Asia, and by an

C c Application

Admtniftnrtion of Justice in Bengal.

98

40 Decembris.

A. 178(5.

1 Application of* those-vLaws, made for the freed and most enlightened People unoa Earth, the Principle of whose Constitution is founded in Virtue and Liberty, to Transactions with the Natives of who have, from Time immemorial, lived under a Despotic Government, tedabl ithed on Fear and Restraint; and your Petitioners most earnestly call upon you to consider. what must be v the Fears, what mud be the Terrors of Individuals, to find their Titles to Property, their Tran factions and "Engagements with Natives previous totheEstablishment "j'of the Court of Judicature, tried by the Standard of EngliJIiLaw, and by Men educated under its Forms, and unavoidably imbibing its Prejudices, when no such Laws could be known to or practised by Natives or Europeans then residing in the Country, and at a Time ‘ too when few or no Persons of Legal Knowledge were _ in the Country to a (Oft or advise them.

Your Petitioners humbly, conceive, that no Tyranny cah be mor.e dreadful in its Operations, or more fatal in ‘ iuConsequences, than that a Court, established by Law, 'with all the Authority of one of the fird Courts in England, should also possess undefined Powers and J urif-diction, jof which the Judges of it are the foie Inter* ‘ preters, and under no Controul but at the immense Dif-tance of the Mother Country; yet such is the Situation of your Petitioners, they are placed within the Reach of this two-edged Weapon, surrounded with the Toils and Pitfalls of the Law in a Country where Perjury is altnbft aProfession, unknowing,.where they may red in -Safety, for" the Judges of this Court can at Pleasure determine oh the Denomination of a Civil Injury, the Degree of its Criminality, by what Statutes it shall be tried, what Penalties shall be inflicted, and Who are, and who are not, amenable to the Jurisdiction of the Court. The Judges have declared, that they are, by the Charter of Justice, empowered to moderate the Laws of by the Cudoms of this Country;, but their Information respecting these Customs can only be obtained from -such Witnesses as appear before them, and it is in the Breads of the Judges to admit or reject what Evidence they please. This Power has filled your Petitioners -with the utmod Terror and Dismay; if it. had remained -with' a Body of Jurors, acquainted with the Language ,of the Natives, informed as to their Cudoms, and bound -by Oath to decide with Truth and Justice, there would have existed no Foundation for either.

Your Petitioners perceived, with Heart-felt Satisfaction; that the said Act had provided some Barrier against Qppression, by authorizing an Appeal from the Decrees >of the Supreme Court to His Majesty in Council, which His Majesty has also been most graciously pleased to recognize in His Charter of Justice; but the Hopes of Relief; raised upon this Foundation, vaoished from be-. fore us, when your Petitioners found that the Judges of thie Court had not only taken upon themselves to make and alter the Rules of it, but that they could receive dr refnfe what Evidence they thought proper, and that the Appeal could only be Heard under these Rules and upon the Evidence recorded during the Trial; removed at such a vad Didance from the Tribunal of Justice, before an unjoft dr illegal Sentence could be reversed, . the Sufferer might fall a Vi6tim to Penury, or perith by Iraprisonment: But from an Appeal under such Circumstances, what Redrefk can your Petitioners obtain ? .

Your Petitioners entertain all becoming Respect for the Authority of the Charter of Justice, and the utmod Reverence for their Sovereign, whose Sanction it has received: Yet they cannot but observe that, by the Powers delegated in this Charter, Men are condituted the Judges of their own Acts, which appears to your Petitioners highly improper and inconfident; for the Judges of the Supreme Court in Calcutta are impowered to-fit also as a Court of Chancery, and in this Capacity to revise, correct, refeind, or confirm, Decisions passed by themselves whild acting as Judges in a Court of

Law; and by andtber Part of their schditutton, they possess the Power, and they alone, of daying Execution in Criminal Cafes, till His Majesty's Pleasure be known. There is a Principle in Human Nature, which inevitably impresses a Bias upon the Mind in Favour of its own Decisions, and Experience has decided, that Reason and Philosophy are too weak to red rain it; but in all well-regulated Communities, when the Consequences of any Principle are foreseen, or found to be fatal, the Wifi* dom of the LegHlature interposes, to check its Operation- Your Petitioners have the most perfect Conviction, that the possible Evils of this Power did not occur to their most merciful Sovereign when his Approbation was conferred to the Charter of Justice, and that they require only to be pointed out to erifure Redrels.

Your Petitioners, with all Deference, conceive that there mud be some fundamental Error " in- that ilnfti-tution, which requires a more than ordinary Degree of Temper, Ability, and Integrity, to carry its Purposes into Execution; and they do not lielitate to declare, that to adminider the Powers appertaining to the In-ditution of the Supreme Court, without extensive public Detriment and partial Acts of private Severity and In* judice, (if it be possible at all) requires more Equity and Moderation, Discernment and eulightened Abilities, than they can hope to find in any Men: To what Extent the Judges of His Majesty's Court may possess these Qualities, your Petitioners do not pretend to decide, and dill less to afferi, that they do not possess them at all, but they complain of the Jurisdiction of the uncontrolled and unlimited Powers with which the Court is Veded, and with the Execution of which no Men are to be. traded.

Your Petitioners can bear Distress like Men, but they mud also feel like Men, and speak these Feelings like Engli/kmem, if the Language of Complaint is warm, let it be attributed totbe Dread of future Injuries: From akeen Sensibility of what is pad, your Petitioners claim a Trial by Jury as their Birth-Right, and they solicitto be relieved from the other great Grievances they labour under. To a British House of Commons they appeal,

with the firmed Reliance on its Wisdom, Justice, and Humanity, and in appealing to such a Tribunal, they perceive their Apprehensions yield tot he most flattering Hopes of a speedy Redrels.

Your Petitioners, therefore, humbly pray, That you will be pleased to take into Consideration the following Requeds:

To grant a Trial by Jury in all Cases where it is by Law established in England:

To limit the Retrospective Powers of the Court to the Time of its Establishment in Bengal:

To define, beyond the Power of Discretional Diffusion, the Persons who are, and who are not, amenable to the Jurisdiction of the Court-:

To declare what Statutes shall, and what Statutes shall not, be iu Force at Bengal:

To direct andcircuinscribe the Power of the Court, in the Admission and Rejection of Evidence, so as that all rejected Evidence may accompany the Appeal, by way of Affidavit , or otherwise:

To appoint.didin& and separate Judges for the Law and Equity Sides of the Court:

To redore the ancient and constitutional Power of hearing Appeals in the fird Infiance to the Supreme Authority in this Government, formerly veded in the President and Council, and now veded in the Governor General and Council:

To lodge a Power of daying Executions in Criminal Cafes (till His Majesty's Pleasure be known) in the Governor General and Council.

And your Petitioners shall ever pray, &"c.

That the Petitioners are ready to produce at the Bar of this honourable House, the Copy of the said Petition, so aqtfieDticated as aforesaid, transmitted to them

from

21 Geo. III. 4° — 50 Decembris. 99

from Calcutta: And humbly pray the House to take Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee the Contents of the same into their Consideration, and of the whole House.

to grant such Relief in the Premises as to the House That this House will, upon the

shall seem fit. 23d Day of January next* resolve itself into a Committee

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Table. _:

A Petition of several Persons who were confined for pe(, for, taft India A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, Debt iii the Kbig's Bench Prison, but enlarged there- Petition.

Affair*. That the East India Company do forthwith lay before from in the late Riots, was presented to the House,

this House, Copies of all Papers, Letters, and Orders, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying which have passed between the Court of Directors and Relief. . ....

their Servants in all their Settlements in the East, from That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

the 14th October 1774 to the 30th November 1780, except such secret Orders, Letters, Instructions, and Articles of Intelligence as may have been sent Or received relative to the present War between Great Britain and France and Spain,

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to . resolve itftlf into a Committee of the whole I louse, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Ordinary Eliimaie of His Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1781, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the F.ftimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Puddings, Re-buikling$, and Repairs of Ships of War, in llis Majesty's and the Merchants Y'aids, and other Extra Wotks, over and al»ove w hat are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1781, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ordreported from the Committee, That they had

come to several Resolutions; which they, had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow M anting.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That, they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That, this House will, upon the

Da v of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon the

and Means. 24th Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means lor railing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of ilie Clock.

Martis, 5 Decembris;

Anno 210 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1780. Prayers.

Augmenting A BILL to explain and amend an Act, made in the Milit a. the N ineteenth Year of Mis present Majesty, intituled, " A11 Atl for augmenting the Militia," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

N ot. 38.

Mr. Elu es fe ported from die Committee, to wit om the Culham

Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Arts, of the Ninth and Twenty- *

eighth Years of his jate Majesty.Kin^GrorgetheSecond, . for amending and keeping in Repair such Part of the Roads described in the last mentioned Art asleadsfrom the End of Culham Bridge next to Culham, in the County of

Oxford, to the End of Bur ford Bridge, next to > ....._

in the County of Berks, and from The Mayor's Stone at . the End of Boar Street, in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to Shippon, in the said County of Berks, and from'

thence to the West End of the Town of Fy field, in the same County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and theu a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were' agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the BiH, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Earl of Surrey presented to the House, according A^ur to Order, a Bill for building a Bridge over the River ®r^6<5 Adur, at or near Shorehani, in the County of Suffer: Shoreham. And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Directors Of the East India Company. do lay before this House, Copies of all Letters Aif*ws* and Papers transmitted to them by the Governor General and Council of Fort Willia, relative to the Establishment of the Supreme Court of Judicature in Bengal, and to the Jurisdiction exercised by the said Court, since its Infiitution in 1774, and relative to the Effects of that Jurisdiction; as also Copies, or Extrarts,

of all Letters written by the Court of Directors to His Majesty's Secretary of State, and to the Governor-General and Council of Fott William, respecting the J urif-diction of the said Court.

A Bill for further continuing an Art, made in the Importation Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, xhrown's"k, for allowing the Importation of Fine Organ^ined Italian Thrown Silk in any Ships or Vessels,*so'r a limited Time,' was read a Second Time'.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed toa Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will,-upon Turf day the 23d Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Ord, accorditigto Order, reported frdtn the Com- Supply mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted" to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and aftenvards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed);

Account of Men nifed for the Navy.

Account of Britishi Merchant Ships, &c*

Account of Foreign Ship?, &c.

Sir H. ' Paflifer.

Adjoonuneit*

Culham Bridge to Fyfield

too 50 — 6° Decembris. — 23° Januarii. A. 1781.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred and Eighty-six thousand Two hundred and Sixty-one Pounds Five Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Seventy thousand and Sixteen Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty's Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-' one.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all the Men raised for His Majesty's Navy, Marines included, from the 29th of September 1774 to the 29th of September 1780* distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Number and Tonnage of all British Ships and Vessels in the Merchants Service, arrived and reported in the Out-Ports of Great Britain, from al! other Ports or Places, with an Account of the Number of Seamen, exclusive of the Matter, navigating such Ships and Vessels, diliinguishing the British from the Foreign Seamen, from the ift of January 177a to tire ift of January 1780; distinguishing each Out-Port, and each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Number and Tonnage of all Foreign Ships and Vessels arrived and reported in the Out-Porfs of Great Britain, with the Number of Foreign Seamen navigating such Ships and Vessels, from the ift of January 1772 to the ift of January 1780 j distinguishing each Out-Port, and each Year.

West Eud of the Town of Fy field, in the same County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Ninth and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending and keeping in Repair such Part of the Roads described in the last mentioned Act as leads from the End of Culham Bridge next to,

in the County of Oxford, to the End of Burford Bridge next to Abingdon, in the County of Berks, and from The Mayor's Stone at the End of Boar Street, in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to Ship in the said Cobntv of Berks, and from thence to the West Eud of the Town of Fyfield, in the same County.

Ordered, That Mr. Elwes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Thomas Parker, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of DiUom otherwise Dilhorn, in the County of Stafford, and of several Freeholders within the Parish of Dilltrm otherwise Dilhorn aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Commons and Parcels of Waste Ground, containing in the V. hole, by Estimation, Nine hundred Acres, or thereabouts; and that the said Commons and Waste Grounds are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement, and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein if the same were divided, allotted, ami inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and i-idofing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of DiUom otherwise Dilhorn, in the County of S'afford.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ptir-suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Elwes, Sir John Wrvttefley, and the Lord Leic.stam, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore: And that Mr. Stephens and the Earl of burne do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Minutes of the Trial and Sentence of the Court Martial held for the Trial of Vice Admiral Sir Hugh Palliser.

And then the House adjourned till To-Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 6° die jyecembris;

Anno 2i* Georgii III*" Regis, 1780.

And then the House ad journed till Tuesday the 23d Day of January next, Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Mart is, 2 30 die Januarii;

Anno 21* Georgii III. M Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

<VO H N Herman Kater took the Oaths appointed, in J order to his Naturalization.

Pra y ers.

JDESOLVED, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Tuesday the 23d Day of January next.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts of the Ninth and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending and keeping in Repair such Part of the Roads described in the last mentioned Act as leads from the End of Culham Bridge next to Culham, in the County of Oxford, to the End of Burford Bridge next to A, in the County of Berks, and from The Mayor's Stone at the End of Boar Street, in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to Shippon, in the- said County of Berks, and from thence to the 20

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Speaker of the House of Commonsto issue his Warrants to make out new Writs for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament in the room of such Members as shall die during the Recess of Parliament," he had ilfuedhis Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Gloucester, in the room of William Bromley Chester, Esquire.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament

Dilhorn I nclosure.

Karine

Forces*

Gloucesster

Writ

Brifto!

Writ.

Christchurch

Writ.

Lodes

io

Jamaica

by

Earthquakes.

Lodes

in

Barbadoes

by

Temped.

si Geo. III. S30 janu. 101

ment for the City of Brifte.l, in the room of Sir Henry

Lippincott, Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Christciu the County of Southampton, in the room of James Harris, Esquire, deceased.

A Petition of the Planters, Merchants, and others, of the Island of Jamaica, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being offered to be presented to the House:

Hie Lord North, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That on the 3d of October lull, the Parities of West mo reland and Hanover in that Island, were

laid Wade by Hurricanes, Earthquakes, and Inundations, whereby moll of the Buildings in those Parities, together wit h the Produce of the Earth, were in a great Measure destroyed, and other Districts of the Island received very consideroble Damage; and that the Petitioners are not able toeftimate the Lodes of the several Sufferers with Precision, but are authorized in saying that they amount to such an enormous Sum as to require the immediate Aid and Assistance of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Sufferers into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as to the Houselhall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Petition of the Planters, Merchants, and others, resident in England, and interested in the Island of badoes, in Behalf of themselves and of their fellow Sufferers the Inhabitants of the said island, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by Mis Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, that His Majel'ty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Island of Barbadoes is the most ancient English Colony in the West Indies, ever a6luated by the Principles of Loyalty to the Crown, and Love of the British Constitution* valued for the peculiar Advantages of its Situation, the Number of Inhabitants in Proportion to its Extent, and till of late for the Fertility of its Soil, and on these several Accounts has been favoured with the Protection, Succour, and Support of the Parent State, to which it has never failed of making suitable Returns of Gratitude and Affection; the voluntary Contribution of Men and Money during the late War, and the Offer of Supplies of Provisions during the present to Admiral Barrington, who refused the Donation from an Apprehension that the Donors would themselves be distressed by such Gene-rofity, are particular recent Inllances of that general Conduct which has ever invariably testified the most grateful Attachment and Regard to this Country; and that, in this happy relative Situation of a Colony flou-rithing under a protecting State, the Inhabitants of this Island continued for a great Length of Time, truly fenfibie of the inestimable Blessings they enjoyed under that Protection, and ever deeming the Continuance of it the sure and solid Foundation of their Welfare and Prosperity, when it experienced a fad Reverse of Fortune; natural Evils against which human Prudence could not provide, an extraordinary Failure of accustomed Rains, Blights of several Kinds, and Vermin of

Vol. 38.

various Descriptions, spread such Desolation over the Country, as within a short Space of Time to diminifti its annual Produce to less than Half the ufua! Quantity, to the Injury of the Mother Country no less than to the Impoverishment of the Colony; and that, in this alarming Situation, the People, though they fenlibly felt the Weight of their Misfortunes, consoled themselves with the Hopes of better Times, and the Expectation of retrieving their Circumstances by redoubled Diligence and Economy; and when they were at length flattered with the agreeable Prospect of a happy Change by the extraordinary Appearance in the general Face of the Country, on a sodden, in an awful Moment, all their Hopes were blasted, and the Measure of their Woe filled up, by a most dreadful Calamity, a Tempest, the Violence of which perhaps has never been surpassed, extending over the whole Island, affecting almost every Individual, and reducing to Dif-. tress the greatest Part of the Inhabitants; of near Four hundred Plantations, scarce Onehasefcaped the general Calamity, most have sustained very confidt rable, and many almost irreparable. Damage; almost all the Buildings, nearly One Half of the Cattle, and many Slaves have been destroyed, several Towns have suffered, and the principal one in particular in a shocking Degree; and from all these Causes, the Inhabitants, to the Amount of above Twenty thousand Whites, were left almost destitute of Habitations, Food, and Raiment; but, as the Feelings of unhappy Sufferers, biassed by their own particular Losses, or the private Accounts of others, may be thought to exaggerate the general Distress, they are willing to rest this same on the official Papers transmitted from the Island to His Majesty's Ministers, to which they humbly beg Leave, to refer; and that, in these deplorable Circumstances, the Petitioners are naturally led to look up to and take Refuge in the Humanity, Liberality, and Policy, of this honourable House, from whence they most humbly hope to receive speedy and effectual Relief, such Relief as will not only securcthem from impending Want, but, by assisting them to erect anew their Buildings, and to procure other Necessaries, enable them to cultivate again their Estates: Should the unhappy Sufferers be so fortunate as to receive from Parliament such generous Aid, they entertain a f&nguine Hope, and think it not ill-founded, that (he late dreadful Calamity being attended with the good Effect of removing former Evils, the Island will soon fee its ancient Fertility revive, again flonrish, and, in Proportion to its own Wealth and Affluence, bring Wealth and Affluence to the Parent State: And therefore praying the House to take the peculiar same of the Island of Barbadoes, detacshed as it is from any other Cafe, into their serious Consideration, and grant the unhappy Sufferers such distinct and separate Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of thq whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners mull ever be fenlibly affected by every Event which concerns the Interests of any Part of their Fellow Subjects, and cannot, therefore, be indifferent Spectators of those dreadful Calamities with which it has pleased Divine Providence lately tovifit the British West India islands, at a Time when this Nation is engaged in a War, the principal Seat of which has been D d in

West India Sufferers

by

Earthquakes,

&c.

ie

Mold,

&c.

Roads.

Leeds

to

Burfeough

Roads.

102 230 Januarii. A. 1781.

in that Quarter of the British Dominions; and that the Petitioners are not insensible of the unbounded Benevolence of the Individuals of this Country, which so eminently marks their national Character, and makes them the Object of Admiration of all Foreigners; but Lodes of such Magnitude, and which require immediate Reparation to the Sufferers in order to prevent their total Ruin, must far exceed the Powers of private Be-nefactions, and (as the Petitioners humbly conceive) claim immediate Assistance from the Hand of Parliament: The Petitioners, therefore, in Behalf of their suffering Fellow Subjects in the , humbly

supplicate the immediate Attention of Parliament to a Subject of so great Importance to the Commercial Interests of this Kingdom, and pray. That the House will grant the Sufferers such immediate and effectual Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

The Lord North, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Mold, to the Town of Denbigh, and from thence to Tal-y-Cafn and Conway, and from the Town of Wrexham to the Towns of Ruthin, Denbigh, and the Town and Port of in the

Counties of Denbigh, Flint, and was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed confulerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected on that Part of the said Roads which leads from the Town of Denbigh to the Town and Port of Ruthland (being the Fourth Division of the said Roads as distinguished and described in the said Act) which Money Hill remains due; and that the Tolls collected upon the Roads within the said Division, together with the Money so borrowed, have been applied towards the Repairs of the same Roads, and great Progress hath been made therein; but the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term of the said Act (so far as relates to the Roads in the said Division) be further continued.and some additional Powers granted to the Trustees for those Purposes; and that the Petitioners apprehend the Roads comprized in the said Fourth Division, might be belter amended and kept in Repair if the same were put under the Care of separate Trustees, and the several Clauses and Provisions necessary for repairing the fame, reduced into and made One Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall appear reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Parry, Mr. Kenyon, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads

from the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, through Otley, Skipton, Coin, Burnley, and Blackburn, to Burscough Bridge, in JV>alton, and from the' Place near Walton Church where the Roads leading to Blackburn aforesaid and in the said

County of Lancaster, do divide, through Mellor and

Ramfgreave, in the said County of Lancaster, and from Skipton, through GiJburnand Clitheroto in the said County of Lancaster, as relates to the Roads from Coin to Blackburn, and from Blackburn to Burscough Bridge, in Waitem, and from the said Place near Walton Church, where the Roads leading to Blackburn aforesaid and Mellor, in the said County of Lancaster do divide, through Mellor and Ramfgreave, in the said County of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Thkt the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted for repairing the said Roads from Coin to Blackburn, and from Blackburn to Burjcough Bridge, which, together with the Tolls, have been laid out in repairing the said Roads, and other Purposes of the said Act; but the said Roads are Hill in a very ruinous Condition, and the' Money owing cannot be repaid, and the said Roads effectually repaired and kept in Repair for the future, unless the Term granted by the said Act, so far as relates to the said Roads is continued,. the Powers thereof altered and enlarged, and some additional Tolls granted: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Heniy Hoghton, General Burgoyne,&ic.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to tend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Debtors now confined in Warwick Debtors. Gaol, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to Falmouth, put in Execution an Act, passed in the First Year of &c:

the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, "An 03 s'

" Act for amending and widening the Road leading " from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornzoall, through the Towns of llelflon, and

" Marazion, and from thence to and over

" River and Bridge, and Two hundred Feet to the " West ward of the said River and Bridge," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in pursuance of the Powers granted by the said Act, the Petitioners have proceeded to carry the same into Execution, and have repaired and amended the Roads therein mentioned, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, which at present they are unable to repay; and that the Term granted, by the said Act is near expiring, and several Roads in the said Act mentioned are still greatly out of Repair, in so much that the same cannot be repaired, and kept in Repair, w ithout the further Aid of Parliament; and that several of the Powers, Provisions, and Regulations in the said Act, have been found inconvenient and defective, and ought to be explained, altered, enlarged, and amended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, not only to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said

21 Geo. III. 23° Januarii.

said Act, but to explain, alter, enlarge, and amend the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Lemon, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

GrampeunJ A Petition, as well of the Trustees for putting in Road. Execution an Act of Parliament of the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Road leading from the E.altern End of the Borough of Grampound, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Saint and

" and from thence to the Kail End of the Western " Taphouse Lane, in the said County," and of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, residing near the said Road; as also of several Creditors who have advanced Monies on the Credit of the said Act, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of the said Act, several Sums of Money, amounting together to £. 3,0.50, have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, as also the Surplus Produce of the Tolls, after paying the Interell of the Money borrowed, have been applied to the Repair of the said Road, but no Part of the said Principal Money has been discharged, and considerable Repairs are still wanting, and some of the Powers, Provisions, and Regulations of the said Act have been found inconvenient and inadequate for the Purposes; and that, as well for the more effectual repairing the said Road, and for keeping the same in Repair, as also for the better Security of the Creditors, it is necessary that the Term of the said Act should be extended, and the Powers, Provisions, and Regulations thereof, explained, altered, enlarged, and amended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for extending the Term of the said Act, and for explaining, altering, enlarging, and amending, the Powers and Regulations of the said Act, and for making such further Provisions for the Attainment of the Ends before mentioned, as shall be judged expedient; and that the Petitioners may have such further Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Lemon, the Lord Bulkeley, &c.: And they are to me'set Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and . Records.

Chicklatte

lcclosure.

A Pet ition of John Raj's, Clerk, Harry Edgell, Esquire, Nathan Wright, Esquire, Benjamin Blotch, Clerk, Thomas Waters, Richard Randal, Thomas Hull, Martha Burnet, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Parish of in the County of Wills, large Open Arable Fields, and also certain large Open Commons or Downs; and that the Freeholders or Owners of Lands or Tenements within the said Parish have, in respect thereof, a Right of Common for certain Numbers of Beasts and Sheep upon the said Commons or Downs, and, at certain Times, upon the said Open Arable Fields; and that the said John Rajs is Lord of the Manor of Chick lade &(orefa.\d, and the said Harry Edgell is Patron of the Rectory and Parish Church of Chicklade, and the said Benjamin Blatch is Rector of the said Rectory and Parish Church, and the Pears are possessed of or entitled unto, more than Four 38.

Parts in Five of the said Open Arable Fields, and Open Commons or Downs; and that the Lands of the Petitioners and others in the said Common Arable Fields lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and the fame, and also the said Commons or Downs, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, to have the same divided, allotted, and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to them in Severalty, in Proportion to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and layingin Severalty, the said Open Arable Fields, and Open Commons or Downs, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Dickenson, Mr. Elutes, Mr. Penruddock, and Mr. God-

dard, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Engelberts and Charles

Augustus Piejchell waspresented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Elioesand M r. Hartley do prepare, and bring in the fame.

A Bill for naturalizing John Herman Kater, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Hartley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Earl of LiJbumc, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Copy of the Minutes of the Trial, and Sentence of the Court Martial held for the Trial, of Vice Admiral Sir Hugh Pallifei'.

And the Title of the Book containing the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Book is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Naish, from the Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Total Number of Houses in England and IFales, charged or chargeable with the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights; as also of the Total Number of Cottages charged, but discharged upon Appeal, or exempted from Payment of the Duty; taken from actual Surveys made in the Year 1777; And also.

An Account of the Total Number of Houses in England and Wales, charged or chargeable with the Du-

ties on Houses, Windows, or Lights; as also of the Total Number of Cottages exempted from Payment of the Duty; completed the 6 th of March 1759: And also,

An Account of the Total Number of Houses, &c. throughout England and Wales, from an actual Survey' in the Years 1759 and x 760; completed 28th September 1761: And also.

An Account of the Total Number of Houses throughout Scotland, chargeable to the Duties on Houses and Window's: And also.

An Account of uninhabited Houses chargeable to the Duties on Houses and Windows, in the Cities of London and Westminster, County of Middlesex, and Borough of Southtvark, at Lady Day 1777, and Lady Day 1780: And also,

An Account of the Number of Houses within each County in England‘and IFales, and the Town of Berwick

upon

Ziegenbein's,

See.

Nat.

Kater'*

Nat,

Sir H. Paiiifer.

Account*

of

House and Window-Duties.

104

2 Januarii. A. 1781.

tipon 'f'weedi distinguishing the Number in each City aud Town wherein there areFour hundred Houses and up* wards, chargeabieto the Duty on Houses and Windows.

Together with a List of the said Accounts.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferyed amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with each Original.

Several Petitions, complaining of undue Electionsand Returns, being offered to be presented to the House; the same weredelivered inat the Table: And the Names of the Places to which the said Petitions related, were put into the Glass at the Table, and drawn by the Clerk in the following Order; viz.

A Petition of Edward Roe Esquire, and John

Lord Sheffield of the Kingdom of Ireland, was read; setting forth. That at the late General Election, and also at the last EJe&ion of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of Coventry, Sir Thomas Knight, and Thomas Rogers, Esquire, and the Petitioners,

were Candidates; and that at the said General Election,

;a great Majority of the Freemen and legal Electors of the said City were in the Interest of the Petitioners, and would have given their Votes for them; and that the Petitioners would have been duly elected, but that Mr. Thomas Noxon and Mr. Thomas Butler, who were then Sheriffs and Returning Officers for the said City, contrary to their Duty, and in Violation of the Privileges of this honourable House, after endeavouring to prevent thp Veters believed to be in the Interest of the Petitioners from giving their Suffrages, closed the Poll, and discontinued the Election, when Fifty-six had voted for the Petitioners, and Twenty-seven for the said Sir Thomas Jlalli/ax and Thomas Rogers:and that the said Sheriffs

falsely and illegally set forth, in their Return to the Writ of Election, that they had been impeded in the Execution of the said Writ, and that the Election had been prevented by Riots; and that on the 21ft

Day of November last, this honourable House ordered, that a new Writ should be made out, for the Election of Two Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City; and in consequence of the said Writ, a new Election for the said City came on, on W the 29th Day of the said November; and that in the Interval of Time between the said General Election and the said last Election, a great Number of Persons were illegally admitted to the Freedom of the said City, who had no Right to such Freedom, and without paying the usual or any Fees on Admission, on the Condition of their undertaking to vote at the said last Election for the said and Thomas Rogers; and that, during the said Interval of Time, a great Number of Persons duly entitled to be admitted to the Freedom of the said City, demanded in the usual Manner to be so admitted, being ready to produce the Evidence of their Titles, and to pay the usual Fees; but were refused to be admitted, because they were believed to be in the Interest of the Petitioners; and that at the said last Election, after the Poll had lasted near Three Weeks, almost all the legal Freemen having then voted, and when it was known that there would be a large Majority of Votes in Favour of the Petitioners, a great Number of Persons were, on Monday the iSth and WedneJ'day the 20th of December last, in a fraudulent and clandestine Manner, admitted to the Freedom of the said City, although the said Persons had no Title to such Freedom, and were known by the Members of the Corporation, who composed the Council Houses at which they were admitted, or to some of the said Members of the said Corporation, to have no

*5

Title, and without paying the accustomed or any Fees, on the Condition of their voting for the said Sir Thomas Hallifaxand Thomas Rogers;and that M r. Joseph IVilcox

Piercy and Mr. George lloivlelthe Sheriffs and Returning Officers lor the said City at the said last Election, permitted the said Persons who had been fraudulently and illegally admitted to the Freedom of the said City in Manner aforesaid, to vote at the said last Election, without calling upon them to produce any Evidence of their Titles to such Freedom; and that the said Wilcox

Piercy and George Hozclette, at divers Times during the

Course of the Poll, admitted a great Number of other illegal Votes for the said Sir Thomas Hallifax and Thomas Rogers, and rejected a great Number of legal Votes which were tendered for the Petitioners; and that the said Joseph Wilcox Piercy and George Houseltc wereguil 1 y of a great many partial and illegal Practices during the said Election, and particularly by delegating their Authority to, and submitting to the Judgment, and Ded-fions of a Person who is not a B.urifter, Attorney, or Solicitor at Law, and who was intimately connected with, and employed or procured by, the said Sir Thomas Hallifax and Thomas Rogers, or some one of their Agents; and that divers Members of the Corporation of the said City of Coventry, and Magistrates thereof, who were the zealous Friends, Adherents, or Agents, of the said Sir Thomas Hallifax and Thomas Rogers, were guilty of a great many corrupt and illegal Practices, and grossly prostituted their Authority and Powers, both as Justices of the Peace, and as Trustees of the Public Charities in the said City, before and during the said last Election, in order to influence the said Fled ion; and that the said Sir Thomas Hallifax and Thomas Rogers, by

themselves and their Agents, before and during the said last Election, were guilty of Bribery, and did bribe, or attempt to bribe, a great many Persons who voted, or had or claimed a Right to vote, at the said Election; and that at the final Close of the Poll on the 28th

Day of December last, a great Majority of the Votes on the Poll Book, exclusive of those of the colourable Freemen, who had been admitted as aforesaid on or after the said 18th of December, appeared to be in Favour of the Petitioners, who ought, therefore, to have been declared duly elected, and returned as Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City; but that, notwithstanding such Majority, the said Joseph Wilcox Piercy and George Hozolette did, partially, falsely, and illegally, declare t!ie said Sir Thomas Hallifax and Thomas Rogers to be duly elected, and have falsely returned them as Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City: And therefore praying the House to t&ke the Premites into Consideration, and that the false Return so made by the said Sheriffs, may be amended, by erasing the Names of the said Si r Thomas Halifax and Thomas Regers, and inferring the Names of the Petitioners in their Head; or that the Merits of the said Election may be taken into Consideration, and the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Petition be taken into Consideration, upon Thursday the 15th Day of next,

at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Thursday the 15th " Day of February," and inserting the Words " Tuesday " the 26th Day of June," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words " Thursday the 15 th Day of stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

~ „ c v f The Lord Beauchamp. Tellers for the V eas, { S||. Gr(y

ry. , c , vr f The Lord Mahon, Tellers for the Noes, Mr Bi/ng:

So it was rafolved in the Affirmative.

| to3.

Then

21 GEOi III.

i 30 Jariimrii.

i5

Then the plain Question being piit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Confi-deration upon Thursday the 15th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Coventry A Petition of the several Persons whose Names

Eiedion. are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Freemen of the City of Coventry, and Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City, was also read j Setting forth, That at the late General Election, and also at the lad Election, of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of Covad iy> Ed ward Roe Yet), Esquire, Baker Holroyd,

Esquire, now Lord Sheffield of the Kingdom of Ireland\ $\rTho?n as Ha I Ufa x, K night, and Thomas Rogers, Esquire, were Candidates *, and that, at both the said Elections, the said Sir Thomas Hallifax and Thor: as Regers were supported by the Corporation Interest, and that many of the Members of the Corporation were their known Agents; and that tl Right of Election in the said City is in such Freemen as haveferved Seven Years Apprenticeship to one and the same Trade in the said City, or the Suburbs thereof, and do not receive Alms or Weekly Charity, such Freemen being duly sworn and inrolled and that at the General Plication it was well known that a very large Majority of the Freemen would have voted for the said Edu ard Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd, and that they must have been found to be duly elected, if the Poll had been continued till all who had a Right and who offered to vote, had given their Suffrages; and that Thomas Butler and Thomas Noxon, who were at that Time the Sheriffs and Returning Officers for the said City, being Members of the Corporation, weredevoted to the Interests of, and directed by, the said Sir Thomas Hallif ax and Mr. Rogers, or their Agents, and did, on divers illegal and fallc Pretences, dole the Poll at the said General Election, and did make a special Return to the Writ of Election, in which they falsely set forth, that they were impeded in the Execution of the said Writ, and that the Election was prevented by Riots; and that, by not executing the Writ, and not making a Return of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, the said Sheriffs and the Members of the Corporation in the Interest of the said Sir Thomas Halifax and Thomas Rogers, foresaw that a new Writ would issue, and that as the Authority of admitting to the Freedom of the said City is in the Hands of the Corporation, they would have it in their Power, before a new Election could take Place, to admit a Number of cplourable or pretended Freemen to the Freedom of the said City, who would vote for their Candidates; and that on Tuesday the 21st Day of November lad, this honourable House ordered that a new Writ should be made out, for the Election of Two Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, which said Writ was issued accordingly; and that Mr. Joftph Wilcox Tiernj and Mr. George Howlet Le, the Two new Sheriffs of the said City, did, in Consequence of the said Writ; appoint the new Election to come on on Wedntf-day the 29th Day of the said November; and that between the illegal Close of the Poll on the first Election and the said 29th Day of November, the Corporation admitted a great Number of Persons to the Freedom of the said City, without Titles, and on the Condition of their voting for tffeir Candidates, viz. Twenty on Tuef-day the 26th of Septftpher, Forty-one on Tuesday the 31 ft of October, Twenty-six On Thursday the 2d of November, Ten on Monday the 13th* of November, Three on Wednesday the 15 th of November, and Twenty-five on Tuesday the 28th of November, being the Day before the new Election was appointed to be held; and that duringthat Interval of Time, great Numbers of Persons, having an undoubted Right to be admitted to the Freedom of the said City, applied at various Times to the said Corporation, and to the Mayor, divers Aldermen, the Town-Clerk, and others concerned in the Admission of Freemen, to beadmitted, and attended at the usual Place on different Days, together with their Agent, and with the Vol. 38.

Evidence of their Titles, and the Fees due or claimed Coventry upon Admission, and demanded to be admitted, blit were refused because they were known or believed to bfe in the Interest of the said Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker*

Holroyd; and that on the said 29th of November, as (Son as the Writ was read, and the other usual Formalities gone through, the Under Sheriff of the said City pro* duced a written Instrument on stamped Paper, which was read, and purported to be an Appointment or Deputation from the Sheriffs to one Robert Mackintosh, Esquire, to be their Counsel or Adviser, and containing mutual Stipulations or Covenants on the Part of the said Sheriffs to abide by the Advice and Opinion of the fai‘4 Bobert Mackintosh, and on the Part of the said Robert Mackintosh, to give good and legal Advice to the said Sheriffs, which said Instrument the said Sheriffs and the said Robert Mackintosh proceeded to sign and seal in the Election Booth, after which the said Robert Mackinlojti took and subscribed a certain Oath of Offifce, framed by himself or the said Sheriffs, and written on the same stamped Paper on which the said Appointment or De^-putation was written; and that the said Robert Mackintosh, during the whole Continuance of the Poll, took upon himself, and exercised, all the Functions of a Magi (Irate and Returning Officer, bearing a White Wand, the usual Badge of Sheriffs, and not only decided every Question of Law that arose (although he is not a Barrister. Attorney, or Solicitor at Law) but also performed many executive and ministerial ACis, as if he had actually been one of the Sheriffs; and that the said Robert Mackintofi did, in the Course of the Poll, illegally and partially reject, and persuade the Sheriffs to reject, a great many legal Votes tendered for the said Edwatd Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd, and did a!so admit, and persuade the said Sheriffs to admit, a great Number of illegal Votes for the said S'irThcmas Halifax and Thomas Rogers; and that the said Robert Mackintosh didaffume, in the Name of the Sheriffs, Powers, in a Variety of Instances, which by Law are not vested in them, and did use many Threats and Menaces of Punishments and Prosecutions, tending either to exasperate or intimidate the legal Voters then attending at the said Election; and that on the first Day of the Poll, before the Books were opened, while a great Number of Freemen, many of them believed to be in the Interest of the said Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd, were handing in a peaceable Manner in the Front of t he Booth; ready to tender their Votes, a body of Russians, amounting to about 200, armed, some with large Poles Six Feet long, or thereabouts, mounted at one End with Iron, and painted with the Corporation Arms, and others with strong short Bludgeons, made an Attack on the said Freemen, and beat them with the said Poles and Bludgeons, in order to drive them from the Booth; and that the said Russians, or a great Number of them, were assembled the Day before at a Public House, at a confi-fiderableDiftancefromCei^/73/, and were in aclandestine Manner sworn in as Constables by one of the Aldermen of the said City, a known and active Friend and Agent of the said Sir Thomas Halifax and Thomas Rogers-, and that the said pretended Constables were, on the Morning before they made their Attack, marshalled by some or one of the Aldermen or Members of the said Corporation, and received Orders from them or him to drive every Person from the Booth, to strike those who' should refill with their Poles or Staves, and with their Bludgeons to break the Arms of such as should lay hold of the said Poles; and that the said Sir Thomas Halifax and Thomas Rogers, finding that this gross and cruel Violation of the Peace and the Freedom of Election had not had the desired Effect of driving the said Freemen from the Booth, and there being a considerable Majority on the Poll in favour of the said Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd, at the Close of the Second DayS Poll, which was likely to be increased the next Day to several Hundreds, they proposed, that Er " after

Coventry

Election.

io 6 2 3 0 Januarii. A. 1781.

after there should be 150 Majority for the said Edzcard ReoYeo and John Baker Holroyd, each Set of Candidates should poll Sian by Man, till the Numbers on one Side or the other should be exhaulled; and that the Friends of the said Edu ard Roe Yco and John Baker agreed to the said Proposal, in order to prevent a fiini-Iar Attack to that which had taken Place the First Day, which from many Circumflauces they apprehended tube in Agitation, and which they had Reulbn to foppose would receive the Sanction of the Authority or Opinion of the said Robert Mackintosh; and that after the said' Agreement was eptered into, the Poll proceeded till-Sb-tiinlay the 16th Day of Decemberat the Close of which Day the Total Number polled, amounted to 2317, and the Votes in Favour of the different Candidates were, for Edxvard Roe Yeo.1238, the said John Baker Holroyd

1235, Sir Thomas llallijax 1081, and Thomas Rogers 1Q79; and that it was then well known to all Farties, that there were not above 160 Freemen, even intruding those admitted between the Two Elections, left to poll; and tjiat fuel) aProportion of that Number was i n theln-terefl of the said1 Edzcard Roe John Baker royd, that at the final Close of the Foil their Majority muff have considerably exceeded 100; a^d that different Members of the Corporation and the Town-Clerk had repeatedly assured the AgentsandFriendsof the said Edzcard Roe Yeo and John Baker that1 they did

not intend to admit any Freemen during the Course of the Poll; and that on Sunday the 17 th Day of December, after the Poll had continued Eighteen Days, the Agents and Friends of the said Sir Thomas and

.Thomas Rogers,\\X\o were Members of the Corporation,

land their inferior Agents, collected together from all Parts both of the said City and neighbouring, as well as distant, Counties, Persons of every Description who would undertake to vote for t he said Sir Thomas llallijax and Thomas Rogers, in order to admit such Persons as Freemen the next Morning, without any Title to the Freedom of the said City, for the express Purpose of gaining a fraudulent andpretended Majority on the Poll over the said Edward Roe Yeo and Baker Holroyd;

and that on the Saturday the Sherifls had, inamost par-

tial and illegal Manner, adjourned the Poll till Eleven of Clock in the Forenoon on Monday, the usual Hour of ifyjjouroment having beet^ Half an Hour after Nine, under Pretence of their being obliged to hold, a certain 3^qntlily Court that Morning, but in Truth to give an Opportunity to the Corporation of admitting and inrolling tUeime^v pretended Fieemfn; and that accordingly on the Monday Morning the Mayor, Town Clerk, and other ^ei fonsbelonging to the Corporation, secretl v held a pretended Council or Council House by Candle Light at the Mayor's Parlour, to and from which they entered and issued by a back Passage in an Alehouse, in a concealed andclandestineManner, and admitted and inrolled a great Number of Persons, without any Evidence or Pretext of Title, and without their paying the usual or any Fees, on the Coiidition of their promihng to vote for the f.iid ^'irThomas 11 allifaxand Thomas Rogersand that

the said Town-Clerk, the Mayor, several Aldermen, and some others, composing the said Council-House, evaded or relufed to receive certain written Notices, which were attempted to be served upon them by the Attorney for the Persons entitled to be admitted Freemen, who were in the Interest of the said Edzcard Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd, who had before demanded, and been refused, Admission to their Freedom; and that soon after t the Opening of the Poll that Day, One of the pretended new Freemen having tendered liisVote, he was objected to of the Part of the said Edzcard Roc Yeo and John Baker Holroyd, and after the greatest Part of the Day had been cpnfumed in Debate on the Subject, and by a long Speech of the said Robert in which he

pretented to give the moll explicit Opinion against the Admission of the new-made Votes, he desiredTime till the ne'xf Day btfordhe should give Ins ultimate Decifton

upon the Point; rind that, by this Delay, an Opportunity was given to admit and inroll a great Number of additional pretended Freemen that Evening; -and thatnext Morning, viz. Tnejdaythe 19th Day the said

Robert Maekintosh pretended that lie had not yet settled his Opinion, and said, lie mud take till (lie next Day, in Order to reduce it into Writing; and that at the Opening of the Poll the next Day. a Message was delivered in Writing from the said Robert by the

Under Sheriff, with whom he lodged, and who was an aiiftive Friend and Agent to the Corporation Party, and procured the said Robert Maekintosh to !>C the pie-tended Counsel for the Sheriffs, by which the said Robert Maekintosh allodged and pretended, that he had been taken suddenly and violently ill, and could not come out that Day to'give his Decifton; and that he v as urged to communicate his said Decifton-by a verbal Message, or in Writing, but refilled; and that all that Day only Three Persons polled, although-many Persons, Members of the Corporation, \\‘lio Were ill the Interest of, amt who afterwards voted for, the said Sir Thomas llallijax and Thomas Regers, were in the Booth at different Times, and were called upon to come and vote, if they intended to do lb at all that Election; and that the Sheriffs were urged to elofe the Poll, as no Voters came to offer their Suffrages, but refuted so to do; and that Sixty-six more pretended Freemen were admitted and ‘inrolled that Evening, on Condition of their prorniling to vote for the said Sif Thomas llallijax and Tliavds Rogersand lliaton Thurs-doyMorning the 21st of the said Robert

Mackintujhre appeared in the Booth in apparent good Health, and, after having acted as Sheriff during the whole of the Poll, and having consumed Three whole Days, under Pretext cf preparing a Decifton, but in Truth to give the Corporation'an Opportunity to adtllit a sufficient Nunvber of pretended Freeman to answer their Purpose, lie offered to refigii his Ofllfce 6V Appointment and leave the Decision to the 'Sheriffs; and that then, they having declined to accept of this Resignation, the said Robert Mac'kintcfh,.\w VJong written Argument or Oration, retra&ed his Doftriiie delivered 011 the Monday', and decided, that the new-made Votes fliotild'be ad mi tied; and that the next Morning he also decided, iliat the mere Entry of the Names gf the new pretended Freemen in the Admission Books, was jConeliifive Evidence of their Rights, and that the Sheriffs or Candidates coul'd not call upon them to produce theiF Indentures^ or any other Evidence of their Servitude.; and that on Saturday the 23d Day of December, a Council House was called, at the Intiance of the Persons in the Interest Of the said Edzcard Roc Yeo and John Bilker Holroyd, who had been refilled to be admitted to their Freedom before the Election, and were desirous of completing their Titles before they should be obliged to leave Coventry, but that at such Council House, though great' Numbers legally entitled to their Freedom attended, only Seven were admitted (Turing the whole Day, although Eighty-five pretended Freenien had been admitted in a'few Hollis on the foregoing Monday-, and that at tin said Council House, a great many Persons were rejected w.hb produced complete Evidence of their Titles, and many whose Evidence was exactly fiinilar to that of many who had been admitted before the Election, being in the Interest of the Corporation Party; and that during the Continuance of the Poll, many of the new-pretended Freemen acknowledged that they had 1I0 Title, and others were known to the Sheriffs, ‘or one of them, not to have a Title, and yet were received by the said Sheriffs, and their said pretended Counsel, on the Poll; and that before and during the Poll, the said Sir Thomas -Jax and Thomas Rogers, by themselves and their Agents, and various Members of the Corporation, Agents and Friends of the said Sir Thomas and Thomas

Rogers, by themselves and their inferior Agents, were

guilty

2i Geo. III. 23° Januarii. 107

polity of Bribery, .2nd other corrupt and illegal Practices; and that divers Members of the said Corporation, being Trustees of certain Charities belonging to the said City, and distributable among the poor Free- ipen or Inhabitants thereof, did, before and during the said Election, wickedly and corruptly misapply and proftitnle the said Charities for the Purpose of bribing the Freemen of the said City to vote for the said Sir Thomas Halifax and Thomas Rogers; and that divers Members of the said Corporation did also, in a great ihany Instances; corruptly behave themselves ,in their Character as Justices of the Peace, and did grossly abuse their Authority in that. Respect, in order to intimidate the Freemen in the lute rest of the said Roe

tco and John Baker Holroyand to intlgehce the Election; and that on Tueflay the 26th of December, the said Robert Mackintqfhbrought the Mayor of the said

City with him to the Booth, and although every Thing Was perfectly peaceable round the Booth, did read the-Riot Ad, and threatened the Persons who iurroundfd him with Execution and Death, in that very Spot, in less than Six Months; and that although there was a greqt Number of illegal Votes admitted on the Poll in Favour of Sir Thomas and Thomas Rogers

iexclusive of the pretended Freemen admitted on and after Monday the iSth of December) and a great Number of legal Votes rejected who tendered their Suffrages for the said Edward Roe Fee and John Baker Holroyd, exclusive of the Persons entitled to their Freedom, who bad demanded to be admitted, and were refused, and who tendered their Votes for the said Edward Yeo and John Raker Holroyd, yet at the final Close of the Toll on Thursday the 28th of December, there was a £reat Majority, cxclnfive of thefaiilnrnv-madeFreemen, m Favour of the said Ediccird lice lea and John Baker llolroyf upon the Poll Hook; notwithstanding which, the said Sheriffs, corruptly, partially, falfdy, and cou-ssary to Law, did declare the said Sir Thomas Haliifax and Thomas Rogers to have been duly elected, and have falsely returned them as Citizens duly elei'ted'to serve in Parliament for the said City, whereas the said Ed-xtard Roe Yco and John Baker Holroyd were duly elected, and ought to have bean returned; and that the Petitioners, by the before-mentioned and other illegal, Corrupt, and criminal Practices, of the late and present Sheriffs of Coventry, and of the said Sir Thomas lifar and Thomas Rogers, and their Agents, and of the said Robert MaekinUJh, and also, of the said Members of the Corporation of the said City, are greatly aggrieved, and are deprived of the Privilege of a legal Representation in this honourable House: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Cpnfide-ration upon an early Day, and that the fyll'e Return so made by the said Sheriffs may be altered, by erasing the Names of the said Sir Thomas Ifallifax and Thomas Rogers, and inserting the Nantes of the said Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker now John Lord Shes-

field of the Kingdom of Ireland, in their Stead; or

that-the'Merits of the said Election mav-be taken into

Coiifideratioi), and the said Edward Roe Yeo and Baker Holroyd, now Lord Sheffield, be declared du'y elected; and that the said Persons, who have been guilty of the said illegal, corrupt, and criminal Practices, may be punished; and that the Petitioners may have Inch other Relief in the Premises as the Nature of the same may require, and to the House shall seem meet.

Coventry A Petition of the several Persons ,whose Names are

Elation, thereunto subscribed, oh Behalf of themselves and others, being entitled to the Freedom of the City of Coventry, and to vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City, was also read; Setting forth. That before the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City, the Petitioners, and a great many other Persons, who were entitled to be admitted to the Freedom of the said City, VOL. 38.

and were desirous to be so admitted, in order to vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City, as well as to enjoy the other Privileges, ajid Francliifes belonging to the Fieedovn of the said City, applied, in the usual and regular Manner, in order to be so admitted, but were partial!) and illegally refit fed; and that a great many Persons, who were not entitled to the Freedom of the said City, were, before, and during the said Election, partially and illegally admitted as Freemen, on Condition of their promising to vote for Sir Thomas Haliifax and Thomas Rogers, Esquire. who, together with Edward Roe Yco, Esquire, and John Baker Holroyd, Effpiire (now. Lord Sheffield' of the Kingdom of Ireland) were Candidates at the said Election; and that the Petitioners, and many other Persons, who were entitled, and hail demanded, and were refuted, to be admitted to the Freedom of the said City, being desirous of voting at the said Election for the said Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker s

tendered their Votes for them, but were partially rejected] by the Sheriffs and Returning Officers at the said Election; and that if the Votes of the Petitioners; and the other Persons aforesaid, had been received, tjiero would have been a Majority of Votes on the Poll in Favour of the said Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd; hut that the find Sheriffs, by illegally reje !-ing the Votes of she Petitioners, and of many other legal feleAo|S who tendered their Votes for the said Edward Roe Yeo and Jolin Baker , and by ad-

mitting, for the said Sir Thomas Haliifax and Thomas Rogers, the Votes of a great Number of Persons who had no legal ight to vote at the said Election, did procure a colourable Majority on the Poll iu Favour of the said Sir Thomas Haliifax and Thomas Rogers, and thereupon declared the said Sir Thomas Halifax and Thomas Rogers duly elected, and have returned them as Citizens to-serve in Parliament for the said City, whereas the said Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd were duly elected, and ought to have been returned: Aud therefore praying, That the Votes of the Petitioners, and the other Persons, who were unduly and illegally refuted to be admitted to their Freedom in the said City, and who tendered their Suffrages for the said Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd may be oltablilined, and that the find Edward Roe Yeo and John Baker Holroyd may be declared duly elected; and that the Petitioners may have such further Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were teverally ordered to be taken into Consideration, at the same Time that the Petition of Edward Roe Yeo,

Esquire, and John Lord Sheffield, of the Kingdom of Ireland, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two A As, made in the ioth and nth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to Regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Coon-fel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or

Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of Henry Harford, Esquire, and Lionel Lyme Regis Darell, the Younger, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, Llecuon. That at the last Election lor BuigelTes to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lyme , in the County of DotJet, the honourable Henry Fane, David Robert Micliell, Esquire, and the Petitioners, were

Candidates \

io8 230 Januafii. A. 1781.

Candidates; and that at the Poll taken upon the said Rle&ion, before Francis H&mmond, the Returning Officer, a great Majority of legal Electors appeared iA FavouV of the Petitioners, some of whom actually voted, and the rest of them tendered their Votes, for the Petitioners; and that the said Returning Officer admitted so many illegal Votes in Favour of the said Henry Fane and David Robert Michell, and rejected so many legal Votes which were duly tendered in Favour of the Petitioners, as to leave a Majority upon the Face of the Poll in Favour of the said Henry Fane and David Robert Michell, under Colour whereof the said Henry Fane and David Robert Michell were returned* although the Petitioners were duly elected by a great Majority, and ought to have been returned; and that several of the Votes given at the said Election in Favour of the said Henry Fane and David Robert Michell were procured, by them and their Agents, by Means of Bribery and Corruption; and that the said Henry Fane, long before and at the Time of the said Election, enjoyed an Office of Profit under the Crown, created irnce the 25th Day of October 1705, usually called the Place of Surveyor of His Majesty s Private Gates, Roads, and Bridges, in consequence whereof the said Henry Fane was incapable of being elected a Member of the House of Commons, and the Votes given in his Favour were void, and of no Effect; And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief as shall appear to bejuft.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday the 28th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words, <c Wednesday the M 28th Day of Februaryand inserting the Words u Tuesday the 26th Day of June," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words,

" Wednesday the 28 th Day of February," Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,[ JJr. Sawbrid8e>} 57.

Tellers for the Noes, j ?Lr Herbert Machoor7 g

'iUt.Byvg. S

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Confi-deration upon Wednesday the 28th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are e lon‘ thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitant Freemen and Inhabitant Freeholders of and in the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset, having a Right to vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was also read; Setting forth. That at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset, the honourable Henry Fane, David Robert Michell, Esquire, Henry Harford, Esquire, and Lionel Darell, the Younger, Esquire, were Candidates; and that at the Poll taken upon the said Election, Francis Hammond, the Returning Officer, permitted many Persons to vote, who, not being Inhabitants within the said Borough, had no Right so to do; and refused to admit several others, being Inhabitant Freeholders, who had a Right as such to have given their Votes at the said Election, whereby the said Henry Fane and David Robert Michell were unduly returned, although the said Hemy Harford and Lionel Darell were duly elected by a very great Majority, and ought to have been returned; which Proceedings of the said Returning Officer the Petitioners apprehend to be a ' Violation of the Rights of themselves and others the

legal Electors for the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief thereupon as flnrll be just. ‘

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration:

Memorandum.

Iti pursuaiice of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Yeats of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament* the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were font to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Connfel, or Agents, at the Time On which the said Pe-~ titions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufac- West India turers, and others, concerned in the Commerce and Navigation of this Country, being offered to be pre- dni^ fented to the House;

The Lord North, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners, as Subjects of Great Britain, deeply interestea in every Event affecting the West India lllands, most humbly beg Leave to represent, that the Damages done to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies, by the Hurricanes and Earthquakes in the Month of October last, are of such Magnitude as to require the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That the House will take the deplorable Situation of the Sufferers into Consideration, and grant them such speedy and effectual Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider farther of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Chaplain to this House do preach Chaplain to be for e t h i s H o u fe, a 1Margaret's, Westminster, upon preach on Tuesday next, the 30th Day of this Instant January.

The Orders of the Dav being read;

Resolved, That this rfoufe will. Tomorrow Mom- Augmenting ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Uie Militia* House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Afr, made in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for augmenting the Militia."

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Importation ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of hai«n House, upon the Bill for further continuing an A&, Thr°w"Silk-made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of Fine Or-ganzined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

2i Geo. III.

24.0 Jrnttam.

top

Mercurii, j

Anno 2i° Georgii III111 Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary at War prefen ted to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Che'sea Estima*e of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Hospital. Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1781: And also,

Saif Pay. Kilim ate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances

to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1781: And also, c°d ^ift r*ie Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land

Officers. Forces und Marines entitled to receive Half Pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1781.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, pursuant 10 their Orders,

State A State of His Majesty's ' Bnti/k Regular Laud he Forces Forces, Officers included, in 'North America and (he America, jy^ /^//^ as they were at the End of the Year 1779, taken from the last Return dated within that Year: And also.

An Account of Men loft and d;fabled in His Majesty's Land Service, including Tw* Battalions of Marines fervingon Shore, hyCnptivity.Desertion, Wounds, or Sickness, in North America and the IV j! Lukes, from 1 ft Novembef 1774 to the Date of the last Returns* inclusive; distingitishing each Year, Corps, and Service, so far as the same can be made up from Papers in the War Office: And also,

An Account of all the Men raised in Great Britain and Ireland, for I!is Majesty's Land Forces on the JBritjh Establishment (Militja and Fencible Men in North Britain not included) from 2.uh September 1 774 to 20IJ1 September 1780; distinguishir.g each Year:

And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Totals of the Embarkation ReTrnsof " Returns of all the British Corps ami Recruits, which E ub5uk,t.5‘,nS " have Keen font from Great Britain or Ireland tp to America. " any Part of North America or the !VefI Judies, in the ".Years 1778, 1779, and 1780-, distinguishing each "Year.";

And the Titles of the said Estimales, Lift, State*

Accounts, and Paper,' were read.

The said Lift, State, Accounts, and Paper, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Estimates are as followed^ viz.

Accdiirtt of MeI ft in Atn^ica;

Accdilnt of Men ra.feih

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out Petitioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1.781.

1 Per Diem. For 365 Day*.

11,506 Out Pensioners Handing at present upon the Books of the Hospital, at 5 d. per Diem each - -- -- -202 Letter Men, at 12 d. per Diem each ----- - 31 Serjeants, at 9 d. per Diem each - - - - £ * d. 239 14 2 10 2 — 1 3 3 £ 87.493 10 10 3,63b 10 — AH 6 3

0.739 Total - £. 250 19 5 M 0 CO 07

War-Office, 23d January 1781; C. Jenkinson. *

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1781. \

Per Diem. For 3G5 Days.

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Forces, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1780 to 24th December 1781, in cl olive - - -For Allowances to Officers of the Reduced Mode -For the Annual Allowances to Seven private Gentlemen of the 3d and 4th Troops of Horse Guards, at £m 10 per Annum each -For 20 private Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, at yd. per Diem each ----- ---- £ 216 12 — 17 2 II 8 £ s. d. 79»°59 313 5 10 70 212 18 4

Total - -£ 79,63-, 4 2

War Office, 23d January 1781 C. Jenkinson. VoL. 38* F f Ordered %

Deanbum

Bridge

Roacs.

Account of Imports and Exports.

Haleworthy

Roads.

no 24* Januarti. 1781.

Ordered, That the said Estimates, Lift, State, Accounts, and Paper, do lie upon the Table, to be pe* rufed by the Members of the House.

A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Art, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Deanbum Bridge, through Greenlaw, and " Part of the Jedburgh Road, by Lauder, in the Shire of " Berwick, to Cornhillin the County of Durham; and " for building a Bridge over the near

Jlream," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Art, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Art; but the Money borrowed as aforesaid cannot be repaid, and the Roads kept in good Repair, unlel's the Term and Powers of the said Art are enlarged: And therefore praying, '1 hat Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers of the said Art, in such Manner as the House thall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hugh Scott, Mr. Miller, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from, and imported into, that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 17 73 to Christmas 1779; distinguishing each Place, and each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put iu Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Haleworthy, in the Parish of u Davidjloio, in the County of to the Ealt

" End of IVadebridge, in the said County, and from " the West End of IVadebridge* aforesaid, into and " through the Borough of M«in the said County," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded to carry the said Art into Execution, and have repaired and amended the Roads therein mentioned, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, which at present they are unable to repay; and that the Term granted by the said Art is near expiring, and several Roads in the said Art mentioned are lull greatly out of Repair, inso much that the same cannot be repaired, and kept in Repair, without the further Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Art, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir James Sir William

Lemon,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Trustees appointed to put Modhury in Execution an Art, made in the Thirty-second Year th, oyst' of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se- jjujal*0 cond, for repairing and widening the Road from Mod-bury, through the Town of Plymptonto the North End

of Lincotta Lane, in the County of Devon, and of the several Gentlemen, Clergymen, Freeholders and others, residing near the said Road, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the I louse, and ivad; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Art iu Ext cut ion, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, but find the Tolls are not sufficient to enable them effectually to carry the Purposes of the said Act into Execution, and to pay off the Money borrow'ed, with the Interest thereof (a considerable Sum for which is now due and in Arrear) and to keep the said Road in Repair; and that the Term by the said Art granted is nearly expired, and the Toll Gates now erected under the said Art are evaded; and that the Money already borrowed, and which will be necessary to be borrowed, to complete the Repairs of the said Road, and to defray all other iieceflaiy Purposes of the said Act, cannot be paid off, and the Road effectnally amended and kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged, amended, and made more effectual: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging t he Term ami Powers of the said Act, and for extending the Provisions thereof, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Mr.

Parker, tec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Pei foils. Papers, and Records.

Sir George Shuck burgh presented to the House, ac- ilmington cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Incluiute. Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, within the Parish of Ilmington, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ehoesreported from the Committee, to whom Kater'*

the Bill for naturalizing7o/m Herman Kater, was com- ^at* mitted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's T able.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Elzoes presented to the House, according to Or- ChickUHe der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common lnclu.urc. Fields, Common Downs, Waste I^inds, and Commonable Places, of and within the Parish of , in

the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr.

21 Geo. III.

24® Jamarii.

Ill

Mr. £/«'« presented to the House, according (oOr-Nau der, a for naturalizing

and Charles Augufius PiefcheU: And the same was received *, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. de Grey, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

N° 1. Eliimate of the Charge of maintaining and; . supporling the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's

nverca. c0|onv Gf Nova Scotiafor the Year 1781: And also, N° 2. Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Colony of Georgia, and other Incidental Ex-j>eiices attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1780 to the 24 th of June 1781: And also,

\°3. Eltimnte of the Civil Establishment of His M.ijeily's Province of East , and other incidental

Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1780 to the 24th of June 1781: And also,

N° 4. Eliimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Province oi'H'eJl F, and other incidental

Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1780 to the 24th of June 1781: And also,

N° 5. Eliimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's It land, of Saint Joh, in America, and other

incidental Expences attending the fame, from the ill of January^ 1781 to the ill of January 1782: And

also,

N° 6. Eliimate of the F.xpence attending General Surveys of His Majesty's Dominions in North Americat for the Year 1781.

Together with a List of the said Estimates.

And the said Lift was read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's

Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1781.

1

To an additional Salary to the Governor ——

To a Salary to the Chief Justice -

To a Salary to the Attorney General ——

To an Allowance to the Secretary, for himself and Clerks ——

To an Allowance to the Naval Officer -

To an Allowance to the Register ——

To an Allowance to the Surveyor of Lands, and for other contingent Expences attending that Establishment ——

To the Salaries of a Secretary and Messenger to the Council ——

To the Hire of a House, and other contingent Expences attending the Secretary's Office To sundry Stipends and Allowances for House Rent to the Ministers and Schoolmasters in the different Districts of the Province ——

To an Allowance for Fire Wood for the Use of the Governor's House and public Offices -To the Expence of a Pilot Boat -

To the Salary of the Agent - -

To the Salary of the Treasurer ——

To the Expence of the Orphan House ——

To an Allowance to Mrs. J/oio, who, after long and meritorious Services of her late Husband, is left deilitute, under Age and Infirmity ——

To an Allowance for a Magistrate in the Island of Breton ——

To an Allowance in Aid of the Duties granted by the Legislature of Nova Scotia for the Maintenance and Support of a Light House near the Entrance of the Harbour of Ha-

£ s. <L 5°o ——

700 — — 182 10 — 262 10 — 182 10 — 181 10 —

321 15 — 90 12 — 5» 6 —

44° ——

288 15 — 203 1 —

aoo * — —

50 ——

384 1 5

100 ——

100 ——

Hfux -

To Michael Francklin, Esquire. Superintendant of Indians in the Province of Nova Scotia To an Allowance to the Rev. Mr. Bennet, inConsideration of the Losses he fullained in a Voyage to the Indian Tribes, by Orders of the Governor, and for the Public Service, £.z\z. 18. 10. Currency ——

To an Allowance to the said Mr. Bennet, as Missionary to the Indians To an Allowance upon Account, for Fees to be paid upon Orders for the Receipt, and ityon the Issue of the Monies granted upon this Eliimate....

100 — — 300 — —

203 — — 100 — —

15° ——

5,099 10

5

Vol. 38.

ESTIMATE

L

S

112

A. 1781

2 40 JanuaHu

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Colony of Georgia, And other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1780 to the 24th of June 1781.

To the Salary of the Governor..... ——

To the Salary of the Chief Justice ——

To the Salary of the Secretary - -

To the Salary of the Clerk of the Assembly ——

To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands -

To the Salary of the Receiver (General of the Quit Rents ——

To the Salary of the Attorney General ——

To the Salary of the Provost Marshal ——

To an Allowance for a Mini Her of the Church of England, and Two School mailers To the Salary of the Agent for the Affairs of the Colony ——

T'o an Allowance to the Pilot Rationed at the Mouth of Savannah River, with a Boat, and sufficient Hands ——

To an Allowance for contingent Expences

1,000 —

5°° — 100 — 20 — 150 — 100 — 150 — ico — 116 — 200 —

5° "

500 —

d.

2,986 ——

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Province of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1780 to the 24th of June 1781.

Ta the Salary of the Governor in Chief To the Salary of the Chief Justi.ce -

To the Salary of the Attorney General -

To the Salary of the Secretary and Clerk of the Council To the Salary of the Register -To the Salary of the Receiver General of the Quit Rents To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands - - ~ -

To an Allowance for an Assistant - *

To the Salary of the Agent -

To a Min ill jr at St. Augitjline -

To a Minister at Smyrna ——

To a Schoolmaster ——

To the Salary of the Provnft Marsha! -

To*an Allowance fora Pilot establisherl at St. Augustine

To an Allowance for unforeleen contingent Expences -

£- s. d.

,200 —

500 ----- -,

15° ——

,5o ——

100 — —

100 ——

120 ——

200 —

30 ——

100 — — 100 — —

50 ——

100 ——

50 — — 1,000 — —

950 — 7

ESTIMATE

ai Geo. tIL £4° Januatii. Ii3

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Province of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1780 to the 24th of June 1781.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief *

To the Salary of the Chief Justice -

To the Salary of the Attorney General >

To the Salary of the Secretary and Clerk of the Council

To the Salary of a Ilegifter - -

To the Surveyor of Lands, and an Assistant

To the Salary of the Agent -

'To the Salary of a Minister at Pen/acola -

To the Salary of a Minister at Mobile -

To a Schoolmaster at each of the above Places, at £.25 each

To the Salary of a Provost Marshal -

To an Allowance for unforeseen contingent Expences

To the Salary of the Receiver General of the Quit Rents

£ s. d.

- 1,200

- 5°0

- *5°

- 150 — —

100 — -

- 150 -

200 —

- 100 —

IOO -

- 50

IOO —

- 1,000

- IOO — —

£- 3,900

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Island of St. John in America* and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the ill of January 1781 to the ift of January 1782.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief

To the Salary of the Chief Justice ——

To the Salary of the Attorney General ——

To the Salary of the Secretary and Regiftfer ——

To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands ——

To the Salary of a Minister of the Church of England ——

To the Salary of the King's Agent -.....- -

To the Salary of the Clerk of the Crown, and Coronet ——

To the Salary of the Clerk of the Council ——

To the Salary of the Naval Officer ——

To the Salary of the Sheriff or Provost Marshal....

To the Salary of a Schoolmaster ——

To an Allowance for a private Secretary* and for Dispatch Boats to and from the Continent,

and also for Stationary, Firewood, Nca, Kc*....

To an Allowance upon Account of Fees to be paid upon Orders for the Receipt, and upon the Issue of the Monies granted upon this Estimate ——

1,000 — -

400 — — -

200 —

000 — — l80 -

15° ——

15° ——

120 — —

80 ——

100 ——

100 — —

5o — —

170 — —

j5o — —

3,150 ——

Vot.

C, g KSTlMATfi

Little

flarrowtlen

tnclosure.

T urkev Company.

114

2 40 Janu.

A. 1781.

ESTIMATE of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty's Dominions in North Americ&i

for the Year 1781.

To Mr. George Derbage, Assistant to Major Holland, he being now in America, at 55*.

per Day..... -

To an Allowance for defraying the Expence of making Copies, for the Use of the public Offices, of the Maps and Plans ret urned by the Surveyors, and for preparing them for

Publication - -.....-

To an Allowance upon Account of Fees to be paid upon Orders for the Receipt, and upon the Issue of Monies granted upon the Estimate ——

£. s. d.

91 5 —

I OO -

*5 *5 —

207 ——

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the principal Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Little IIarrow den, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners and others, in the said Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Watle Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall direct.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Powys, Mr. Knight ley, and Sir William Dolben, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into The Levant Seas, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Trade between this Kingdom and Turkey has, for a long Series of Years, been carried on by a Society of Merchants, incorporated by Charters, and regulated by Acts of Parliament; and that in order to carry on the said Trade with Safety, and to protect His Majesty's Subjects in the Tarkish Dominions, it has been found necessary that an Ambassador should be sent from England, to reside at Con/Ianfinople, and that Consuls, Vice Consuls, and other Officers and Servants should be established in the other Parts of Turkey where British Subjects reside, and where the English Merchants carry on Trade, the whole Expence whereof has been borne by the Turkey Company, which, together with many other necessary Expences incident to the carrying on of the said Trade, has of late Years amounted to about Nine thousand Pounds per Anmim; and that the Trade to arid from Turkey, oncefo tlourift* ing,' is now, from many unavoidable Events and concurring Circumstances, much reduced.$ and that the

Assistance granted to the Petitioners in the last Seffiorf of Parliament, enabled them to pay off a Part of the Debt they had incurred, and to support their Expences for the pad Year; but the Petitioners, besides their usual Expences, have been under a Necessity of dif-burfing a considerable Sum in Turkey, in Consequence of the Capture of Turkish Property by British Privateers in The Levant Seas; and that, under these Circumstances, the Petitioners arefenlible they should not discharge the Duty incumbent on them by their Charter, nor the Justicethey owe to the Public (for whom they consider themselves as Trustees) if thry did not declare their present Inability to support their Expences, unless relieved by Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as may be thought necessary and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill to enable all Persons named in any Commission. of the Peace, to act as Justices of the Peace in the Suppression of Riots and Tumults, notwithstanding the y have not taken out their Dedhnus Potejlatem; and for enabling such Justices of the Peace to take the Oath of Qualification in the Manner therein directed, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

liefoived, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Grey Cooper prefen ted to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Surpluses, Hated the 5th Day of April 1780: And also,

Surpluses, Hated the iothDay of October 1780.

Aqd the Titles of the said Surpluses were read.

The laid Surplusses are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session 5 and the Abstracts thereof are as followetii; viz.

Jn (ticca of the Peace to act in suppressing. Riots.

Surpluflea,

VOL. 38.

ABSTRACT of the said Surpluses, Rated the 5th Day of 1780.

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund

Dr,

To Surplus Monies arisen within the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April 1780; viz.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1 ... ——

D° - - of the South Sea Company's Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2 ——

D*- - - of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3 ....

To Money arisen by Sale of unrated Goods, imported and undervalued, brought to this Account, pursuant to an Act i i° Georgii i®1 ....

To Monies brought to this Account on the 5th Day of April 1780, pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament in this Dehalf; viz.

821,128 7 88,432 0 387.267 3

d.

10}

5r

si

1,290,827 17

8

10

-h

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Ad 4* Georgii for the Service of the Year 1731, brought to this Account, pursuant to an Act 25° Georgii 2di -Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Ad 160 Georgii 2di, brought to this Account pursuant to D1 ——

Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 180 Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1745, brought to this Account, pursuant toD°

Surplus of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 19* Georgii 2di, and the Arrears of the Duty on Glass, granted by the same Ad, with the Sum brought to the same in Part of£. 63,078. 8j. 8d. per Annum, directed to be applied out of the new Duty on Glass, granted by an Act 17* Georgii 3til, to make good the above Duty on Glass repealed thereby,

brought to this Account pursuant to the said Acts ..

The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act 20° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1747, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 250 Georgii 2^ ——

The Subsidy on Goods, and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 210 Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - -

The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6° Georgii imt, for the Service of the Year 1720, brought to this Account pursuant to D° ——

The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in or vending Gold or Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii 2di -Surplus of the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act G° Georgii 3lii, and the Arrears of the Duties on I)° repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act -The Duty of 3s. 4d. per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 26® Georgii 2di ——

The Duty of 125. per Parrel on Sweets or Wines, made from British or Foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted by an Act 10° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 27* Georgii 2Jl ——

Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 2° Georgii 3t]1, for raising the Sum of £. 1,230,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 28° Georgii 2di -

Surplus of the Duty on Coals, continued by an Act 1° Georgii 2di, forraifing the Sum of £. 1,730,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bauk of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 28° Georgii 2dl ——

The Duty on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, brought t* this Account pursuant to an Act 290 Georgii 2di -The additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 290 Georgii 2di ——

To the additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 320 Georgii 2di -

To the additional Duty upon Coals exported, the like ——

To the Surplus of the new Duty on Licences to retail Wine, the like -

17,119

14,627

31/236

33,975

46/255

175,101

1

3,027

103,317

128,798

2,223

41,308

ll>342

>9,577

5,5S6

33,244

3,299

2,649

s. H.

13 2

M- 5

18 4

— 6

15 81

11 —

7 8* 11 6

13 ir

17 9

17 —

7 —

4 9

n

9 8i.

Per Contra

By the ChkefCafhier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Half a Year's Interest, after the Kate of £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. due the 5th Day o$ January 1780, as well on the Principal Sum of £. 37,770,924* is. Qr(d. remaining unredeemed of£. 30,281,521. 5s. i~d. in £.2 per Cent. Annuities consolidated, and charged by several Acts of Parliament on this Fund, as on the further Sum of £. 2,150,000, added to the said Remain by an Act 160 Georgii 31*1, in vefped of £. 2,000,000 borrowed towards the Supply of the Year 1775 -

By ])° fur Charges of Management of the said. Annuities for the same Time By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Half a Year's Interest, due the 5U1 Day of April 1780, being alter the Rate of £. 3 per Cent, per Annum on the Princip tl Sum of £ 18,353,773- i6«. 4<i. to which £. 19,183,323. 16s. \d. charged on this Fund by the Acts 250 Georgii 2dl, and 5° Georgii 3th, is reduced, by abating from the fame£. 829,550; lubscribeJ and redeemed in pursuance of the Acts 120, 140, c/15* Georgii 3111 By D°for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year By the South Sea Company, to pay Half a Year's Interest due the 5th Day of January 1780, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Cent, per Annum on £. 1,919,600, to which £. 2,100,000 borrowed on Credit of this Fund by an Act 240 Georgii 2dl, is reduced, by abating from the same £. 180,400 subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of the Acts l /, 140, and 150 Georgii 3th ——

By D°, for Charges of Management of these Annuities, for the fameHalf Year By Calli taken to answer Annuities on single Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2dI, and charged on this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii 2di, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1780 By Calli taken to answer Annuities on Lives,.with the Benefit of Survivor-fiiip, payable at the Exchequer, granted and charged 011 this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3th, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day ot April 1780 By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay. Half a Year's Annuity due the 5th Day of April 1780, on £. i8,9S6,3pc, to which the Principal Sum of £.20,240,000 (made one Joint Stock of £.4 per Centum Annuities by an Act 2° Georgii 3lli) is reduced by tfu; Sum of£. 1,253,700 having been subscribed for £.3 per Centum Annuities, with the Advantages attending the fame, pursuant to an Act io# Georgii 3tii -

ByD° for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year -By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Annuities granted per Acts i° and 20 Georgii 3tl!, for 99 and 08 Years which were made one Joint Stock of Annuities from the 5th Day of Jamiary 1764, by an Act 40 Georgii 3th, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day o f January 1780-By D° for Charg( s of Management of these Annuities for the same HalfYear By 1>°, to pav Haifa Year's Annuity due the 5th Day of April 1780, being after the Kate of £. 4 per Centum per Amium, on £.5,000,000 borrowed and charged on this Fund, by an Act 170 Georgii 3til -By D° for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Time By D° to pay Annuities to continue for 10 Years from the 5th Day of April 1777, being after the Rate of Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, on the said Five Millions, for Half h Year ended the said 5th Day of Aprili~$u By D°for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Tim*

Cr,

£. 9. d.

508,513 17 2

1LH9 i? 5*

275,3°6 1-

5,261 19 lij

28,704 — — 539 17 9

13,798 2 6

270 ——

- 379*7-6 ——

5*339 17

124,125 ——

1*745 10 i|

100,000 —

1,406 5 — .

12,5 no ----- ---> — *

>75 15 7»

21 Geo. III. 240

D

H*

n'

CD

Q_

cr

O

O

OQ

To IV. of f e Duty on I/iccnces to retail Spirituous Liquors, the like - - - 25,334 11 9

To the SuLinly on Goods and Merchaudu'.es imported, granted by an Act 3-° Georgii 'iil, brought

to this Account pursuant to an Act $3° Georgii 9^93° ® -

To the additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like - 1*4*3 — —

To the additional Inland Duty on CVdW», per Acts 320 Georgii 2th an:1 50 Gcw'u 31,1 - - 1,3-4 — *"

To the Surplus of the Duty upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act -24° Georgii A1, brought

to this Account pursuant to Act 20 Georgii 3ri - - t" 42o — —

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by Acts 330 Georgii 2a and 6? Georgii 3t4lJ

brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 2° and 6* Georgii 3rii ----- - 213,071 — —

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 2° Georgii 3'11, and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act - - - - 39>^32 — —

To the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 33° Georgii 2*, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 2° Georgii 3fU - -- 7^591 — —

To the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, granted by an Act i# Georgii 3*, brought

to this Account pursuant to ai> Act 40 Georgii 3tH - -- - - - 274A32 ——

To the additional Duties upon the Exportation of Coals, and of several East India Goods, 4'c*

granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 5® Georgii 3tU ----- 21,469 11 85

To the additional Duties upon Policies of Afi'u-rance, the like ----- - 462 6 6

To the additional Duty upon Italian Silk Crapes and Tillanies imported, granted and made

a Part of this Fund by an Act 6° Georgii 3lU - -- 1,000 — —

To the additional Subsidy upon East India Wrought Silks, &c. granted and made a Part of this

Fund by one other Act 6U Georgii g1*1 ----- -- - - - 11,449 17 1

To thfc additional Duties upon Broad Linen Cloth and* Drillings imported, granted and made a

Part of this Fund by an Act 70 Georgii $lil - - - 8,18917(1

To the additional Duties upon Wines imported, granted by an Act 30 Georgii 3fii, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 8° Georgii 3.dl - -- -- - 42,595 15 sf

To the Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act 6# Georgii 3lli, brought to this Account

pursuant to the above Act 8° Georgii 3d1 - -- - 3,782 — —

To the additional Duty upon Coaches, fyc. granted by an Act 16* Georgii 3til, and brought to this Account pursuant to Ahe same Act - -- - 11,700 ——

To the additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and on Newspapers, granted

and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act ----- -- 26,426 15 8

To the additional Duty on Cards and Dice, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to

the same Act - -- -- - 5,364 2 —

To the Duties on Licences to be taken out by Auctioneers, and the Duties on all Lands, Houses, and other Things sold by Auction, granted asd brought to this Account pursuant to an Act

17° Georgii 3t!i - 16,854 ——

To the additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 17C Georgii 3U1 - -- -- - 19,304 12 7

To the Surplus of the Duties upon Glass, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one

other Act 17* Georgii 3lli - ----- - 12,619 19 4

To the Tax upon all Male Servants, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act - - -- - -- 23,844 9 2

Vol. 38. H fr

ABSTRACT of the said Surplusses, statedthe xoth Day of October 1786.

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund

To Cacti remaining the re on the 5th Bay of April 1780, for the Disposition of Parliament To Surplus Monies arisen within the Half Year ended the 10th Day of October 1780; viz.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1 - - -.

D° - - - of the South Sea Company's Fund, brought from Account, Fol. 2 -

L* - - - of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3

Tb Money arisen by Sale of unrated Goods, imported and undervalued, brought to this Account puv-' suant to an Act 11° Georgii imi ——

To Monies brought to this Account on the 10th Day of October 178©, pursuant to the several ‘ ~ ~~.....~ ~ ‘ £. d.

£. s. d. 821,133 9 1

103,398 14 10 435,142 1 10

D359^74 5 9' 38 4 10.

Acts of Parliament in this Behalf; vi\

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Ad 40 Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1731, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 25? Georgii 2dl Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Ad 160 Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to D° ——

Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 180 Georgii idi,' for the Service of the A'car 1745, brought to this Account pursuant to D°

Surplus of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 19* Georgii 2di, and the Arrears of the Duties on Glass, granted by the same Act, with the Sum brought to the same in Part of £. 63,078. 8j. 8d. per Annum, directed to be applied out of the new Duty on Glass, granted by an Act i7P Georgii 3lii, to make good the above Duty onGIafs, repealed thereby; brought to this Account pursuant to the said Acts 31*451 The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act so* Georgii.*61,- for the Service of the Year 1747* brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 250 Georgii 2dl The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandize imported, granted by an Act 21° Georgii of,

for the Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to D* - - 161,319

The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on Wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6* Georgii 1®1, for the Service of the Year 1720, brought to this Account, pursuant to D* ——

The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in or vending Gold or Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 32° Georgii 2di Surplus of the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6* Georgii 3U1, and the Arrears of the Duties on D*, repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act ----- ----- ---- 120,385

The Duty of 3s. 4d. per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act

26° Georgii 2di - - - - -. - - - - --153,207

To the Duty of 12s. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or Foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted by an Act 10° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1737> brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 27* Georgii 2dl ——

Surplus of the additional Duty on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 2* Georgii 2di, for raising the Sum of £.1,350,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank , of England, brought to this Account pursucuit to an Act ?8° Georgii 2*11 - 43>9*5

Surplus of the Duty on Coal/?, continued bytan Ad i° Georgii 2di, for raising the Sum of £. 1,750,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of Englundj brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act 28° Georgii 2^ - - 25*849

The Duty, on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 29° 2^ - 35*511

The additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account, pursuant to one other Act 29° Georgii 2di -. -

The Arrears of the several Rates and Duties payable by all Persons,. Bodies Politic or Corporate; having certain Quantities of Silver fclate, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 29° Georgii 2dI - - - . - - - .

To the additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act

30° Georgii 2di, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 32* Georgii 2^ - ^lyV7°

To the additional Duty on Coals exported, the like

To the Surplus of the new Doty on Licences to retail Wines, the like. - - - 9>°10

D° - - - - of the Duties on Licences to retail Spirits, the like - - - - i8>7.5*

Tp the Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes , imported, granted by an Act 32* Georgii.

adVbrought tQ.this Account pursuant to an Act 33° Georgii -- - 123^549

- 16,381 5 3

a

- 13,228 ——

1

- 19*93 6 9

9 4 47*511 13

5 4

- 4,140 15 —

4 4i

15 8-

7*58 ——

16 75

3

6 3

3/44®' !5 —

10

12 —

6 —

7 4*

l6 9 — -

Dr.

£. s*

650,457 18

d.

— I

Per Contra - -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Half a Year's Interest, after the Rate of £. 3 per Cent. per Annum, due the 5th Day of July 1780, as well on the principal Sum of £. 37,770,924. is. 9 id. remaining unredeemed of £. 39,281,521. 5 s. ljj. in £. 3 per Centum Annuities consolidated and charged by several Acts of Parliament on this-Fund, as on the further Sum of £. 2,150,000 added to the said Remain by an Act 16° Georgii 3th, in respect of £.2,000,000 borrowed towards the Supply of the Year 1776 - -

By Ditto for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Time ——

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank , of England, to pay Half a Year's Interest due the 10th Day of October' 1780, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centura per Annum, on the principal Sum of£. 18,353,773.165. 4 d. to which the Sum of£. 10,183,323. 165. 4<f. charged on this-Fund, by the Acts 25° Georgii 241 and 50 Georgii 3tU, is reduced, by abating from the same £. 829,550 subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of the Acts 12*' 14*, anil 150 Georgii 3lU -

By D* for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time ——

By the SoutkSea Company, to pay Half a Year's Interest, due the 5U1 Day of July 1780, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum* per Annum, on £. 1,919,600 to which £. 2,100,000 borrowed oiv the Credit of this Fund by an^Ad 24° Georgii 2di, is reduced, by abating from the same £.180,400 subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of the Acts 12°, 14°* and 150 Georgii 3ul By D°, for Charges -of* Management of the said Annuities, for the same d ime ——

By Cacti taken to answer Annuities on dingle Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30° Georgii *2di, and charged on this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3tU, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1780 ——

By Calli taken 10 answer Annuities on Lives with the BenefitofSur-vivorftiip, payable at the Exchequer, granted and charged on this Fund by an Act 50 Gc&rgii 3Ui, for the Half Year ended the 10th Day of October 1780 ——

By the Chief Caftiier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Half a Year's Annuity, due the 10th Day of October 1780, on £. 18,986,300. to which the principal Sum of £. 20,240,000 (made one Joint Stock of £.4 per Centum Annuities by an Act 2® Georgii 3th) is reduced, by the Sum of £. 1,253,700 having been subscribed for£. 3per Centum Annuities* with the Advantages attending the fame, pursuant to an Act l o9 Georgii 3tU -

By D° for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the fume Time -

By the said Chief Caftiier of the Governor and Company of the Bank . of England, for Annuities granted per Acts i°and 2° Georgii 3t, J,\ for 99 and 98 Years, which were made one Joint Stock of Annuities from the 5th Day of January 1764, by an Act 40 Georgii 3tU, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1780 -

By D°, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Time -

By D°, to pay Haifa Year's Annuity, due the loth Day of October 1780 (being after the Rate of £.4 per Centum per Annum) on . £. 5,000,000. borrowed and charged 11 ppn this Fund by an Act: 170 Georgii 3tU -

Crs>

£. t. d.

59»,8ij 177

llrl+9 17 5j.

275.306 13 >i'

5,161.19 u£

28,794 ——

539 17 13,704 12 &

270 — —

379,726 ——

5.339 17 >£-

124,125 ——

1,745 10 i£

lOO/OOOO -

k-H-

9 1 Geo. Ill* 24° Jailuarii*

To the additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like -

To the additional Inland Duty on Coffee, per Acts 320 Georgii 2dl and 50 Georgii 3tU To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 240 Georgii 2il, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 20 Georgii 3*11 ——

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by Acts 330 Georgii 2* and 6° Georgii 3lii, brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 2° and 6° Georgii 3m To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 2° Georgii 3tU, and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act -

To the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 330 Georgii 2dl, and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 2° Georgii 3tU ——

To the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, granted by an Act i° Georgii 3tn, , brought to this Account pursuant loan Ad 40 Georgii 3111 - -

To the additional Duty upon the Exportation of Coals, and of several East India Goods, &\ c*, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3,il -To the additional Duties upon Policies of Assurance, the like -

To the additional Duties upon Italian Silk Crapes and Tiffanies imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 6° Georgii 3*11 -

To the additional Subsidy upon East India Wrought Silks, be*, granted and made % Part of this Fund by one other Act 6° Georgii 3lil ——

To the additional Duties upon Broad Linen Cloth and Drillings imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 70 Georgii 3tl1 ——

To the additional Duties upon Wines imported, granted by an Act 30 Georgii 3tU, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 8° Georgii 3tU -To the Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 311, brought to this Account pursuant to the above Ad 8° Georgii 3th ——

To the additional Duty upon Coaches, be*, granted by an Act 160 Georgii 3,n, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act ——

To the additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and on Newspapers, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act -To the additional Duty on Cards and Dice, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act ——

To the Duties on Licences to be taken out by Audioneers, and the Duties on all Lands, Houses, and other Things sold by Auction, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 170 and 190 Georgii 3111 ——

To the additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 170 Georgii 3, JI -

To the Surplus of the Duties on Glass, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 170 Georgii 3tU ——

To the Tax upon all Male Servants, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act -

.£ d. 957 ——

1,527 ——

33,288 — —

190,401 4 4

38,539 — —

300,567 — —

290,487 — —

11.383 9 10J

1.738 2 3

2,000 — —

3.308 9 6*

3 19 6

26,855 3 7

3,806 — —

10,969 — —

29,267 1 9

3.281 2 6

18,700 — —

22,030 19

7,693 10 6

20,040 6 1

o

o

o

?r

To Monies granted out of the Supply 1780, for the Purposes following, by the Ad 200 Georgii 3lfi, P?ge 928, in that Behalf; viz.

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the lame, to make good the Deficiencv on the 5th Day of July 1779, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act, made in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758 ----- -- 37,372 18 9|

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1779, of the Fund established for paying An unities granted by an Act, made in the 18th Year of the Reign of His present Ma

jetty, towards the Supply granted for Service of the Year 1778

- 332,*56 4 si

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1779, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act made in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1779 - - - - 167,036 14 i|

C

a-

\< t:

1

2i Geo. III.

2 40 — 25°

119

Ordered, That the said Surpluses do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

/rc-cnt cf Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money remaining in the Fxcl'.equer on the 51I1 Day of January 1781, lor the Disposition of Parliament, of the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus \ Monies, and other Revenues, of the Fund commonly

I called The Sinking Fund, after futisfying all the Charges

and Incumbrances thereupon.

fcpP'y* The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House. to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

1 Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they

had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was / directed by the Committee to move, that they may

/ have Leavp to fit again.

I Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

j ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Way* The Order of the Day being read, for the House to adMeaac. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Bourn Eau Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Navigation. Lincoln, redding near Bourn Eau ami the River Glen, in the Parts of Kejieven, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Bourn Eau is an ancient River, extending from the Town of Bourn to the River Glen, being a Difiance of Three Miles and an Half, or thereabouts; and that the said Bourn Eau, from the Town of Bourn to its Junction with the said River Glen, at a Place called Tongue End, is so choaked up with Mud and other Obstructions, that the Navigation thereon for Boats and other Vessels is nearly loll; and that the Improvement of the Navigation of the said Bourn Eau would be of public Utility, and of great local Advantage to the Land Owners, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants redding in the said County, by facilitating the Carriage of Corn, Coals, and other Goods and Merchandize, which must otherwise be carried at a very great Expence by Land; and that, if the said Bourn Eau was properly cleansed and deepened, the O b-firuftions removed, and a Staunch and other proper Works erected, a commodious and useful Navigation would be effected: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for improving and maintaining the Navigation of the said Bourn Eau, to its Junction with the said River Glen, in l'uch Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Thoreld, Mr. Fyner,

See. And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Je^uesting The House, according to Order, resolved itself into ie Militia, a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for aug-\ " menting the Militia."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John St. John took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John St. John reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill j and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Importation Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-of lalran ing next> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole urown 1 House, upon the Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of fine Organ zined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time.

An ingrossed Bill for natnr&MzingJohnllermanKaler, Kater'* was read the Third Time. Nat,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing John Herman Kater.

Ordered, That Mr. Elwes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Jennings, from Account of the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called <.iifpof.ble in; and, at the Bar, prefeuted to the House, pursuant w^ney* to their Order, *

An Account of the Money remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1781, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Surpiulfes, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

1

Jcvis> 2 50 die Januarii;

Anno 21* Georgii 3*" Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

<Y O H NEngelberts Ziegenbei and Charles Augufus

J Piefchell took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Vol. 38.

To

Kent Street to

Dartford,

See.

Roads.

suppl?.

110

158 Januarii. A. 1781*

To the Honourable, the Knights, Citizens; and Bnrgeffes, m Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Money remaining iti the Exchequer oil the 5th Day of Jamlary 1781, for the DifpO-iition of Parliament, of the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, of the Fund commonly tailed The Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

x

The Money remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1781, for the Dispositidii of Parliament, of the Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, amounts to the Sum of Two hundred and Eighty-eight thousand Three hundred and Forty-six Pounds, Nineteen Shillings and Eight Pence.

Aol/ Jennings.

Exchequer, the 25th Day of January 1781.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting irl Execution several Acts of Parliament* made in the Fourth and Sixth Years of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, the Eleventh and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads from The Stone's End in Kent Street and Bermondsey Street, Southwark, to Dartford, and to the Extent of the Parish of Lewisham, next Bromley and Beckenham, in the County of Kent, and from the End of the present Turnpike to the West End of Stroud Green, and to Farnborough and to The Stone's End in London Street, Greenwich, and to the North End of Burnt Ash Lane, in the Parish of Lee, and from the West End of Greemcich Park to Woolwich Warren, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Acts in Execution, and have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, Part, of which still remains unpaid; and that the Term of the said Acts is near expiring, and the said Roads cannot be kept in good Repair, unless the said Term be enlarged, and feme further Powers granted; and that the Petitioners apprehend the said Acts might be more conveniently executed, if the same were reduced iato and made One Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Acts, so far as relates to the said Roads, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr,

Marsham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the' Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where tire same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

llefolved. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to be applied in such Manner as His Majesty in His great Wisdom shall judge moil proper and effectual, for affording immediate Assistance to our unhappy Fellow Subjects in the island of Barbadoes, and to relieve and support such of them as have been reduced to Distress and Necessity by the dreadful Calamity which, in the Month of October last, ravaged and laid waste the greatest Part of that Island.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to be applied in such Manner as His Majesty in his great Wisdom shall judge moll proper and effectual, for affording immediate Assistance to our unhappy Fellow Subjects in the Bland of Jamaica, and to relieve and support such of them as have been reduced to Distress and Necessity by the dreadful Calamity which, in the Month of October last, ravaged and laid waste a considerable Part of that Island.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Two several Sums of Eighty thousand Pounds and Forty thousand Pounds be issued and paid without any Fee or Deduction whatsoever.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Lord North acquainted the House, That he had a Message from His Majesty' to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty has judged it proper to acquaint the . House of Commons, that, during the Recess of Parliament, He has been indispensably obliged to direct Letters of Marque and General Reprisals to be issued against the States General of the United Provinces, and their Subjects. The Gaufes and Motives of His Majesty's

MefTnge from the King; Hoililuies with Holland.

121

2 i Geo. III. 250

Papers

relating to Hostilities wiihfcioiLiad.

Majesty's Condufl on this Occasion are set forth in His Public Declaration, which He has ordered to be laid before the House.

His Majesty has, with the utmost Reluflnnce, been induced to take any hostile Measures against a State whose Alliance with His Kingdoms flood not only on the Faith of ancient. Treaties, but on the founded Principles of good Policy, lie has used every Endeavour to prevail on the States General to return to a Line of Conduct conformable to those Principles, to the Tenor of their Engagements, and to the Common and Natural Intereds of both Countries; and has left nothing untried to prevent, if possible, the present Rupture.

His Majesty is fully persuaded, that the Justice and Necessity of the Measures He has taken will be acknowledged by all the World. Relying, therefore, on the Protection of Divine Providence, and the zealous and affectionate Support of His People, His Majesty has the firmed Confidence, that, by a vigorous Exertion of the Spirit and Resources of the Nation, He shall be able to maintain the Honour of His Crown, and the Rights and Intereds of His People, against all His Enemies, and to bring them to lidea to equitable Terms of Peace.

R.

The Lord North presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command, '

N" i. Copy of His Majesty's Manifedo, dated James's, December the 2otli, 1780: And also,

N° 2. Copy of The Precis of what Sir JoJ'eph Yorhe said to the Deputies of the States General, the 2d of November 1778; and Translation: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Memorial presented by Sir Joseph Yorhe to the States General, the 22d of July 1779; and Translation: And also,

N® 4 Copy of a Memorial presented by Sir Joseph Yorke to the States General, the 26th of November 1770; and Translation: And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Declaration presented by Sir Joseph Yorke to the States General, the 10th of November j 780; and Translation: And also,

N° 6. Copy of a Memorial presented by Sir Joseph Yorke to the States General, the 12th of December 1780;- and Translation: And also,

N° 7. Translation of the Extract from the Register of the Resolutions of the States General, the 15th of December 1780: And also,

N° 8. Plan of a Treaty of Commerce to be enteired into between their High Mightinesse the Estates of the Seven United Provinces of Holland, and the Thirteen United States of North America.

Together with a Lid of the said Papers.

And the said Lid was read.

And the said Papers were also read.

The said Copy of His Majesty's Manifedo is as followeth; the subsequent Copies are preserved amoiigd the other Papers of this Session; and the Translations thereof, together with the Translation of the Extract from the Register of the llesolutions of the States General, and also the Plan of a Treaty of Commerce to be entered into between and are

as follow; viz.

M A NIFESTO.

GEORGE R.

Through t I>e whole course of Our Reign, Our Conduct towards the States General of the United Provinces, has been that of a iinccre Friend and Faithful Ally. Had they adhered to those wife Principles which used to govern the Republic, they nmft have shewn themselves equally solicitous to maintain the Friendship which has so Jong iubfided between the Two Nations,

Vol. 38.

and which is essential to the Interest of both: But from the Prevalence of a Faction devoted to France, and following the Dictates of that Court, a very different Policy has prevailed. The Return made to our Friendship for some Time past, has been an open Contempt of the most solemn Engagements, and a repeated Violation of Public Faith.

On the Commencement of the defensive War, in which We found Ourselves engaged by the Aggression of France, We shewed a tender Regard for the Intereds of the States General, and a Desire of securing to their Subjects every Advantage of Trade, confident with the great and just Principle of Our own Defence: Our Ambassador was instrucled to offer a friendly Negotiation, to obviate every Thing that might lead to disagreeable Discussion; and to this Offer, solemnly made by him to the States General the 2d of November 1778, no Attention was paid.

After the Number of Our Enemies increased, by. the Aggredion of Spain, equally unprovoked with that of France, We found it pecedary to call upon the States General for the Performance of their Engagements. The Fifth Article of the perpetual defensive Alliance between Our Crown and the States General, concluded at Westminster the 3d of March 1678, besides the general Engagement for Succours, expressly dipulatcs, " That that Party of the Two Allies that is not attacked, shall be obliged to break with the Aggressor " in Two Months after the Party attacked shall require it.;" yet Two Years have passed without the lead Afsidance given to Us, without a dngle Syllable in Answer to Our repeated Demands.

So totally regardless have the States been of their Treaties with Us, that they readily promised Our Enemies to observe a Neutrality, in direct Contradiction to those Engagements; and whild they have withheld from Us the Succours they were bound to furnish, every fe-cret Adidauce ha< been given the Enemy; and Inland Duties have been taken off, for the sole Purpose of facilitating the Carriage of naval Stores to France.

In Hired and open Violation of Treaty, they differed an American Pirate to remain several Weeks in one of their Ports; and even permitted a Part of his Crew to mount Guard in a Fort in The Texel.

In the East Indies, the Subjects of the States General, in Concert with France, have endeavoured to raise up Enemies against Us.

In the West Indies, particularly at St. Eufatias, every Protection And Aflidance has been given to Our rebellious Subjects. Their Privateers are openly received in the Dutch Harbours; allowed to refit there, supplied with Arms and Ammunition, their Crews recruited, their Prizes brought in and fold; and all this in direct Violation of as clear and solemn Stipulations as can be made

This Conduct, so inconfident with all good Faith, so repugnant to the Sense of the wised Part of the Dutch Nation, is chiefly to be ascribed to the Prevalence of the leading Magistrates of Amsterdam, whose secret Correspondence withOur rebellious Subjects, was suspected, long before it was made known by the fortunate Discovery of a Treaty: The Fird Article of which is,

" There shall be a firm, inviolable, and universal " Peace and sincere Friendship between their High " Mightinesse, the Estates of the Seven United Pro-v " vinces of Holland, and the United States of Norlh " America, and the Subjects and People of the said " Parties, and between the Countries, Islands, Cities, " and Towns, situated under the Jurisdiction of the " said United States of Holland and the said United " States of America, and the People and Inhabitants " thereof of every Degree, without Exception of Persons or Places."

This Treaty was signed in September 1778, by the express Order of the Pensionary of and

other principal Magistrate.s of that City. — They now I i not

Papers

respecting

Hostilities

with Holland,

122 2 5* Januarii. A. 1781.

not only avow the Whole Transaction, but glory in it, and expressly say, even to the States General, that what they did was what their indispensable Duty required."

In the mean Time, the States General declined to give any Answer to the Memorial presented by Our Ainbaflador; and this Refusal was aggravated by their proceeding upon other Business, nay, upon the Consideration of this very Subject to internal rurposes; and while they found it impossible to approve the Conduct of their Subjects, they llill induliriously avoided to give Us the Satisfaction so manifestly due.

We had every Right to expect, that such a Discovery would have roused them to a just Indignation at the In* fult offered to . Us, and to themselves; and that they would have been eager to give Us full and ample Satisfaction for the Offence, and to inflict the fevered Punishment upon the Offenders. The Urgency of the Businessmade an instant Answer essential to the Honour and Safety of this Country. The Demand was accordingly pressed by Our Ambassador in repeated Conferences with the Ministers, and in a Second Memorial: It was prelfed with all the Earneiluefs which could proceed from Our ancient Friendship, and the Sense of recent Injuries; and the Answer now given to a Memorial on such a Subject, delivered above Five Weeks ago, is. That the States have taken it ad referendum. Such an Answer upon such an Occasion could only be dictated by the fixt Purpose of Hostility, meditated and already, resolved by the States, induced by the offensive Councils of A thus to counte-

nance the hostile Aggression which the Magistrates of that City have made in the Name of the Republic.

There is an End of the Faith of all Treaties with them, if Amsterdam may usurp the Sovereign Power,

may violate those Treaties with Impunity, by pledging the States to Engagements directly contrary, and leaguing the Republic with the Rebels of a Sovereign to whom lhe is bound by the closest Ties. An Infraction of the Law of Nations, by the meanest Member of

7 V

any Country, gives the injured State a Right to demand Satisfaction and Punishment: How much more so, when the Injury complained of is a flagrant Vio. lation of public Faith, committed by leading and predominant Members in the State ? Since then the Satisfaction we have demanded, is not given. We mult, though most reluctantly, do Ourselves that Justice which We cannot otherwise obtain: We must consider the States General as Parties in the Injury, which they w ill not repair, as Sharers in the Aggression which they refiife to punitli, and must act accordingly. We have therefore ordered Our Ambassador to withdraw from the Hague, and shall immediately pursue such vigorous Measures, as the Occasion fully justifies, and Our Dignity, and the essential Interests of Our People require. From a Regard to the Dutch Nation at large. We with it were possible to direct those Measures wholly against Amjlcrda.ni; but this cannot be, unless the States General will immediately declare, that Amsterdam shall, upon this Occasion, receive no Assistance from them, but be left to abide the Consequences of its Aggression.

Whilst Amsterdam is suffered to prevail in the general Councils, and is backed by the Strength of the State, it is impossible to refill the Aggression of so oonsiderable a Part, without contending with the Whole. But We are too sensible of the common Interests of both Countries, not to remember in the Midst of such a Contest, that the only Point to be aimed at by Us, is to raise a Disposition in the Councils of the Republic to return to our ancient Union, by giving us that Satisfaction for the paii, and Security for the future, which We shall be as ready to receive as they can be to offer; and to the Attainment of which. We shall direct all Our Operations: We mean only to provide

for Our own Security, by defeating the dangerous Designs that have been formed against Us. We shall ever be disposed to return to Friendship with the States General, when they sincerely revert to that System which the Wisdom of their Ancestors formed, and which has now been subverted by a powerful Faction, conspiring with Fiance against the true Interests of the Republic, no lei's than against those of Great Britain.

St. James's, December 20th, 17S0.

TRANSLATION of The Precis of what Sir Joseph Yorke said to the Deputies of the

States General, the 2d November 1778.

Their High Mightinesses will have seen, by the Answer of his Excellency the Earl of One of

His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, transmitted to Count Welderen the iqth of lait Month, the most

convincing Proofs of the King's Friendship towards them. After a faithful Exposition of the hostile and unheard-of Conduct of the most Christian King, the Answer explains the causesof thefeeming Irregularity in the Conduct; of England with regard to the Vefl'ds of neutral Powers bound to the Ports of France, occasioned by the Necessity of Self-Defence against an Enemy who has always acted by Surprize.

The King's Moderation and Equity would not permit Him to let the Subjects of their High Mightinesses suffer, from the Instant it was possible to prevent it. It is for this Reason that the King has declared His Intentions to order the Dutch Vessels to be released, under the most friendly and most favourable Conditions that the Circumstance of His Majesty's Situation would permit.

The War however Hill continues, and the Enemy is as active as possible in the vigorous Prosecution of it, which obliges His Majesty to take His Precautions against their dangerous Designs. Nevertheless, in order to involve His good Neighbours and Allies as little as possible, and notwithstanding the Threats of France to invade His Majesty's Dominions and Territories* and their having for that Purpose assembled numerous Armies on their Coasts, the King still forbears to claim those Succours from their High Mightinefies, which the cleared; and most solemn Treaties, particularly the Treaty of 1678, and the separate Article of that of 1716, would oblige them to grant upon II:; Rrquifi-tion. His Majesty confines Himfelffbr the present to an Exposition of the State of Affairs, lhe Motives of His Conduct, and the Necessity He is under to attend to His own Defence, and to the Preservation of His Kingdoms. It is in this View alone that His Majesty has ordered me to propose to their High Mightinesses, to confer with His Ambassador upon the Means of regulating amicably what it would be proper to do for the future in regard to those Articles, which, without giving Himself up to the Discretion of His Enemy, it would be impossible to suffer them quietly to receive.

It cannot have escaped the Penetration of their High Mightinesses, that the Earl of Suffolk, in explaining to Count Welderen the King's Sentiments, gives t.henr^ clearly to understand, that His sincere Desire is to respect the Treaties io as far as they do not tend directly to expose Him to imminent Danger. That it is by no Means His Intention or Desire to disturb the usual Commerce of Holland with France, excepting only in the Articles of Military and Naval Stores, and this even with the utmost Equity, and I may venture to say, with every possible Degree of Generality.

I have therefore taken, in Conformity of my Orders, the Liberty to solicit this Conference, to aik you if, in consequence of the Answer communicated by Count Welderen, their High Mightinesses are come to any Resolution to open Conferences with me; to declare to you that I am ready on my Part; and to beg you to

assure

2i Geo. III. if Januarii. 123

allure their High Mightinedcs, that, authorized by the King's Sentiments, and disposed by a Residence of Twenty leveil Years amongst you, their High Mightinedes will find in me every Facility and every polhble Attention; and I flatter myself, that I flia.ll be aide to convince them hereafter, that whatever Turn isade&ed to he given to the Conduct of my Court, that Con-dud is founded in Justice, Moderation, and the Necessit v of our Situation.

In Expectation of the Decision of their High Mightinedes on what I have laid before you, I dare flatter myself that their known Equity, and their Friendship for the King, of which they have recently given by their Envoy at his Court fresh Adurances, will engage them not to authorize their Subjects to transport under Convoy to France Naval Stores, which are the most dangerous Object to the Security of Great Britain.

At the Hague, this 2d of November 1778.

(Signed) Joseph Yorke.

TRANSLATION of a Memorial presented by Sir Joseph Yorke to the States General, the ndjuli/ 1779.

High and Mighty Lords,

Ever since France, by herDecIaration, made at linden the 13th of March of lad Year, has completely disclosed her vad and dangerous Designs which The Family Compatt had already announced, Europe has been Witness of the wife and moderate Conduct of the King of Great Britain, who has endeavoured to keep off the Calamities of War, avoiding as much as possible to involve in it His Neighbours and Allies.

Such a Conduct, founded upon the most manifed Moderation, seems to have emboldened the Cabinet of Vetfailles to that Degree, that after having perfidiously encouraged rebellious Subjects under the deceitful Mask of* Liberty of Commerce and Independence, to plunge the Dagger into the Heart of their Mother Country, not contented with so hodile a Proceeding, France, after havingdrawn Spain into herViews without any national Quarrel, and without being even able to alledge any plausible Motive to colour her Conduct, has been now manifeding more and more her dangerous Projects a gain ft Great Britain itself, and announcing, with all the imperious Parade of her known Ambition, an In-valion of the British Islands.

Upon the News of these extraordinary and multiplied Preparations, your High Mightinedes will have already judified the preding and reiterated Indances which the King of Great Britain could not but make to you upon the Subject of naval Stores, and the notorious Danger of England will fully judify your High Mightinedes towards that Part of your Subjects who reclaim against all Redriction, though Frienddiip and Justice plead equally in Favour of the Demand made by my Court.

But these Means, which are at Bottom only Palliatives to prevent a future Evil, are no longer seasonable, the Danger is become preding; the Remedy mud be speedy. The Stipulations of a Treaty, founded upon the Interest of Commerce only, mud give Way tothofe founded upon the deared Intereds of both Nations. The Moment is come which is to decide, Whether Great Britain, which has spilt so much Blood, and expended so much Treasure, to adid others, and to maintain Liberty and Religion, shall have no other Resource against the Envy and Malice of her Enemies, than her own Courage and her own Strength; whether die Avail fee herself abandoned by her most ancient Friends and Allies to the ambitious Views of the House of Bourbon, who would crulh all to reign overall; and whether Europe in general, and your High Mightiness in particular, shall fee with Indifference, a Svftem

Vol. 38. ' ‘

established that would evidently destroy that Balance which can alone secure your Commerce, your Liberty, and even your Exidence.

The King, High and Mighty Lords, has too great an Opinion of the Penetration, the good Faith, and the Wisdom of the Republic, to doubt an Indant the Sentiments of your High Mightinedes upon such an Occasion. A Nation whole Annals are almod wholly filled with the llecitaf of the Dangers that the Ambition of France has successively created; whose bed Days have been marked by her most intimate Union with England, a Nation, in a Word, accudomed io exaCl a liberal and rigorous Execution of an onerous Treaty, has too much Generosity not to fulfil those Treaties which have united the Intereds of the Two Nations for upwards of a Century.

It is in this Persuasion, joined to every Thing that is held most sacredamongd Men, that the underwritten. Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the King of Great Britain, has, by express Order, the Jdo-nour to notify to your High Mightinedes, that the Danger which threatens His Majesty's Dominions, lays the Kingunder the Necessity of re-claiming, without loss of Time, the Succours dipulated by the Treaties of 1678, and others; the Casus Foederis of which is so clearly explained in the separate Article of that of 1716. His Majesty expects them with the Confidence of a Neighbour who has never failed in his Engagements; and for the red, confides in the Divine Blessing upon the Justice of His Cause, and in the Fidelity and Valour of His Subjects.

The Under-written will wait with the utmod Impatience for a precise, speedy, and favourable Resolution; and is ready to confer with the Deputies of your High Mightinedes, upon the further Measures to be taken.

Done at the Hague, the 22d Day of July 1779.

(Signed) Joseph Yorke.

TRANSLATION of a Memorial presented by Sir Joseph Yorke to the States General, the 26th November 1779.

High and Mighty Lords,

The King cannot fee w ithout Surprize, the Silence which has been observed towards Him, upon the Memorial, which by Order oi His Majesty the Underwritten had the Honour to present to your High Mightinedes more than Four Months ago, to demand the Succours dipulated by Treaties.

11 is Majesty would not have called for the Affidance of His Allies, if He had not been fully authorized thereto by the Threats, the Preparations, and even the Attacks of his Enemies; and if He had not thought your High Mightinedes as much interested in the Safety of Great Britain as in your own Preservation.

The Spirit and the Letter of the Treaties equally bearTedimony to this Truth; your High Mightinedes are too wife and too jud to elude the Observance of them, especially after having yourselves Solicited the Addition of the separate Article of 1716, in which the Casus Feeder is is dipulated in a clear and incontedable Manner.

The hostile Declaration made at London by the Marquis of Noailles, the Attack of the Island of Jersey, the Siege of Gibraltar, and all the other equally notorious Enterprizes, are so many Proofs of open and direct Aggredion. Besides, your High Mightinedes have Seen, during the iad Summer, the combined Forces of the House of Bourbon, evidently directed to the Attack of His Majesty's Kingdoms, and although the King's vigorous Measures, the Zeal and patriotic Efforts of the English Nation, accompanied by the Pivine Blessing, have happily averted hitherto these

ambitious

Papers

respetf ing Hoitiliiici with Holland.

Papers

respecting

Hostilities

with

Holland.

124 2 5° Januarii.1781.

ambitious Designs; yet the Danger still exists, and our Enemies continue to announce, with the same Parade and Confidence, formidable Descents and Invasions, under the Prote&ionof their whole Naval Force.

The King 'can never imagine, that the Wisdom of your High Mightinesse can fuller you to be indifferent, when such solid Interests, and common to both Countries, are at Stake; and still lets can the King imagine, that you are not convinced of the Justice of the Motives which have determined His Majesty to claim the Succours that are due on so many Accounts. His Majesty inclinesto believe, thatyour High Mightinesse having come to a Resolution to augment your Navy, had from Prudence delayed your Answer till you were in a fitter Situation tofurnish the Succours required.

It is for this Reason, that I have Orders, in renewing the strongelt Instances upon this Subject, to demand of your High Mightinesse, in the most friendly Manner, not to defer the concerting the Means of fulfilling your Engagements in this Respect. The Decision of your High Mightinesse, is so necessary and so important in itsConsequences, that the King would think He was wanting to Himself, to his Subjects, and to those of the Republic, if His Majesty did not fe-riously recommend this Affair to the full but speedy Deliberation of your High Mightinesse. It is of infinite Import to the King, that he should be clearly informed upon so essential an Object, by a precise and immediate Answer.

His Majesty hopes, from the Equity of your High Mightinesse, that your Answer will be conformable to Treaties, and to the Sentiments of Friendship which He has always entertained towards the Republic; and it will be according to the Resolution of your High Mightinesse, that His Majesty will take such further Measures as He shall judge to be bed adapted to the Circumstances, and moil fitting for the Security of His State, the Welfare of His People, and the Dignity of His Crown.

Done at the Hague, 26th November 1779.

(Signed) Joseph Yorke.

TRANSLATION of a Declaration presented by Sir Joseph Yorke to the States General, 10th November 1780.

High and Mighty Lords,

The King my Master has, through the whole course of His Reign, shewn the sincerest Desire of maintaining the Union that has subsisted above a Century between His Crown and the Republic. This Union rests upon the firm Basis of reciprocal Interests, and as it has greatly contributed to the Happiness of both Nations, the natural Enemy of both employs every political Engine to destroy it. For some Time past this Enemy has laboured with too much Success, being fnpported by a Fa&ion that endeavours to govern the Republic; a id that is always ready to sacrifice the general Interests to private Views. 1 he King has seen, with equal Surprize and Concern, the little Effect of the reiterated Demands of the Succours stipulated by Treaties, and of the Representation of His Ambaffactor, upon daily Inflations of the most solemn Engagements.

The King's Moderation has led Him to attribute this Conduct of your High Mightinesse to the Intrigues of a leading Cabal, and His Majesty will still believe that your Justice and Wisdom wiil determine you to fulfil your Engagements with Him, and to prove, by your whole Conduct, your Resolution to give Vigour'to the , System formed by the Wisdom of your Ancestors, the only one by which the Safety and Glory of your Republic can be Secured.

The Answer of your High Mightinesse to this Deviation, which the Under-written makes by Order of his Court, will be the Touchstone of your Intentions and Sentiments towards His Majesty.

The King has long had number less Indications of the dangerous Designs of an unbridled Faction; but the Papers of Mr. Lazorms', who fiiied himself Prdi-dent of the pretended Cong refs, furnish the Discovery of a Plot without Example in the Annals of the Republic. It is proved, by those Papers, that the Regency of Amsterdam had carried on a Secret Correspondence with the American Rebels, so early as the Month of August 1778; and that there were Instructions and fnll Powers, Signed by their Order, relative to the Conclusion of an indiflbluble Treaty of Friendship with the Rebels of a Sovereign to whom the Republic is bound by the closest Ties. The Authors of this Plot do not pretend to deny it; ou the contrary, they avow and justify it.

It is under these Circumstances, that His Majesty, relying on the Equity of your High Mightinesse, demands a formal Disavowal of so irregular a Conduct, not less contrary to your most sacred Engagements than to the fundamental Laws of the Constitution of the Republic.

The King equally requires a speedy Satisfaction, adequate to the Offence, and an exemplary Puniflnnent of the Pensionary Van Bcrlccl, and his Accomplices, as* Disturbers of the Public Peace, and Violators of the Law of Nations.

His Majesty is persuaded, that the Answer of your High Mightinesse will be speedy and Satisfactory in every Respect; but if the contrary should happen, if your High Mightinesse Should refuse so just a Demand, or should endeavour to elude it by Silence, which will be considered as a Refusal, (hen the King cannot but look upon the Republic herself, as approving those flagrant Insults which flic refutes to disavow and punish; and after such a Conduct His Majesty will find Himself under the Neeeflity of taking those Measures which His Dignity and the essential Interests of His People require.

Done at the Hague, the 10th of November 1780.

(Signed) Joseph Yorke.

TRANSLATION of a Memorial presented by Sir Joseph Yorke to the States General, Dc~ cember 12th 1780.

High and Mighty Lords,

The uniform Conduct of the King towards the Republic, the Friend ship which has so long subsisted between the Two Nations, the Rights of Sovereigns, and the Faith of the most solemn Engagements, will no Doubt decide the Answer of your High Mightinesse to the Memorial which the Under-written presented some Time ago, by the express Order of his Court.

It would be injurious to the Wisdom and Justic^ of your High Mightinesse, to suppose that you can hefi-tate a Moment to give the Satisfaction demanded by His Majesty. As the Refohitions of your High Mightinesse of the 27th November, were the Re-fult of a Deliberation which related only to your own interior Government; and as an Answer to the above-mentioned Memorial was not then under Consideration, the only Remark to be made on those Resolutions, is. That the Principles which dictated them evidently prove the Justice of the Demand His Majesty has made. In deliberating upon this Memorial, to which the Under-written requires here, in the Name of his Court, an immediate and satisfhftory Answer in all Re-spe&s, your High Mightinesse will no doubt remember, that the Affair is of the last Importance; that the Object is no less than a Complaint brought by an injured Sovereign; that the Offence, of which he demands exemplary Punishment and complete Satisfaction, is a Violation of the Constitution of the Republic,

i Geo. III. 2 50

public, of which the King isGuarantee, an!nfra6tion of Public Faith, a flagrant Insult offered to the Dignity of His Crown. The King never imagined that yonr High Mightinesses had approved the Treaty with His Rebellious Subjects; that would have been on your Part an hollile Attack, a Declaration of War; but the Offence was committed by the Magistrates of a City that forms a considerable Part of the State; and it belongs to the Sovereign Power to punish that Offence, and to make Reparation for it. His Majesty, by the Complaints made by His Ambassador, has put the Punishment and Reparation in the Hands of your High Mightinesses, and it will be only in the last Extremity, that is, in the same of a denial of Justice on your Part, or of Silence, which would be interpreted as a Refusal, that the King will do Himself the .1 ustice He demands.

Done at the Hague, the 12th of December, 1780.

(Signed) Yorke.

TRANSLATION of the Extract from the Register, of the Resolutions of their High Mightinesses the States General of the United Provinces.

Friday, December 15th, 1780.

Upon what has been represented to their High Mightinesses by Mr Quarles, President of their Assembly, relative to a further Visit made him by Sir Joseph Yorke, His Britannic Majesty's Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, in order to press for an Answer to His Memorial, lately presented to their High Mightinesses by his Majesty's Order;

It is understood and resolved, after previousDeliberation, hereby to charge the Greffier of their High Mightinesses, to acquaint Sir Joseph Yorke, that the Memorials he has lately presented, have been taken

dumby the respective Provinces; and to assure him, that their High Mightinesses will not neglect to endeavour to effectuate that an Answer to the same shall be given him as soon as is feasible, and the Constitution of the Government any wife permits.

Agrees with the Register.

PLAN of a Treaty of Commerce to be entered into between their High Mightinesses the Ef-tates of the Seven United Provinces of and the Thirteen Uiy ted States of North America, to wit, Nei0Hampshire, Bay, Rhode

Island, Connecticut, Neio York, New

fijlvania, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia.

The Parties being willing to fix, in an equitable and permanent Manner the Ruleswhich ought to be followed, relative to the Correspondence and Commerce which ' they desire to establish between their respective Countries, States, Subjects, and People, have judged, that the said End could not be better attained, than by taking for the Balls of their Agreement, the most perfect Equality and Reciprocity, and by carefully avoiding all those burthensome Preferences which are usually the Sources of Debate, Embarrass'ment and Discontent; by leaving also each Party at Liberty to make, respecting Commerce and Navigation, such interiorRegulations as it shall find most convenient to itself; and by founding the Advantage of Commerce solely upon reciprocal Utility, and the just Rules of free Intercourse; teferving withal to each Party, the Liberty of admitting at its Pleasure, other Nations to a Participation of the same Advantages.

On these Principles, the Parties above-mentioned have, after mature Deliberation, agreed to the following Articles.

Article ill.

There shall be a firm, inviolable, and universal Peace \tys o\0L. 38.

and sincere Friendship between their High Mightinesses Papers

the Estates of the Seven United Provinces of Holland, and the United States of North America, and the Sub- WitkHuliand je6ts and People of the said Parties, and between the Countries, Islands, Cities, and Towns, situated under the Jurisdiction of the said United States o and the said United States of zfwier/cff, and the People and Inhabitants thereof, of every Degree, without Exception of Persons or Places.

Article 2d.

The Subjects of the said United States of Holland shall pay no other Duties or Imports in the Ports, Havens, Roads, Countries, Islands, Cities, and Towns, of the said United States of America, or any of them, than the Natives and Inhabitants shall pay, but shall enjoy all the other Rights, Liberties, Privileges, Immunities, and Exemptions in Trade, Navigation, and Commerce, in passing from one Part thereof to another, and in going to and from the same, from and to any Part of the World which the said Natives or Inhabitants enjoy.

Article 3d.

The' Subjects, People, and Inhabitants of the said United States of America, or any of them, shall not pay any other Duties or Imposts in the Ports, Havens,

Roads, Countries, Islands, Cities, or Towns, subject to their said High Mightinesses the Estates of the Seven United Provinces of Holland, than the Natives and Inhabitants of those Countries, Islands, Cities, or Towns, shall pay, but shall enjoy all other the Rights, Liberties, Privileges, Immunities, and Exemptions in Trade, Navigation, and Commerce, in passing from one Part thereof to another, and in going to and from the same, to and from any Part of the World, which the said Natives or Inhabitants enjoy.

Article 4th.

The Subjects of each of the aforesaid Confederates, and the Inhabitants of the Countries, Islands, Cities, or Towns, belonging to either of the Parties, shall have Liberty freely and securely, wit bout Licence or Passport general or special, by Land or by Water, orinany other Way, to go into the Kingdoms, Countries, Provinces,

Lands, Islands, Cities, Villages, Towns walled or unwalled, or fortified, Ports, Dominions, or Territories whatsoever of the other Confederate, there to enter, and return from thence, to abide there, and pafsthrough the fame, and in the mean Time to buy and purchase as they please all Things necessary for their Subfillence and Use, and they shall be treated with all mutual Kindness and Favour; provided, however, that in all Mattersthey behave and comport themselvesconfonnably to the public Laws, Statutes, and Ordinances of such Kingdom, Country, Province, Island, City, or Town, in which they may be, and live and converse with each other friendly and peacably, and keep up reciprocal Concord by all Manner of good Understanding.

Article 5th.

The Subjects and People of each of the Parties, and the Inhabitants of the Countries, Islands, Cities, or Towns, subject or belonging to either of them, shall have Leave or Licence to come with their Ships or Vessels, as also with the Goods andMerchandizes onBoardthefame,

(the Trade or Importation whereof are not prohibited by the Laws or Ordinances of either Country) to the Lands, Countries, Cities, Ports, Places, and Rivers, of either Side, to enter into the fame, to resort thereto, to remain and relide there without any Limitation of Time, also to hire Houses, or to lodge with other People, and to buy all Kinds of lawful Merchandizes and Goods, where they think fit, from the lirft Workman or Seller, or in any other Manner, whether in the public Market for the Sale of Things in Mart Towns, Fairs, or wheresoever those Goods or Merchandizes are manufactured or fold; they may also lay up and keep in their Magazines or Warehouses, and from thence expose to Sale, Mer-

K k chandizes

i 26

250 Januarii. . 178L

fapers

t'especting

HoftUitiei

with

Holland.

chandizes or Goods brought from other Parts; neither shall they in any wise be obliged, unless willingly and of their own Accord, to bring their said Goods or Merchandizes to the Marts or Fairs; on this Condition however, that they shall not fell the same by Retail in Shops, or any where else: But they are not to be loaded with any Impositions or Taxes on account of the said Freedom, or for any other Cause whatsoever, except what are to be paid for their Ships, Vessels, or Goods, according to the I^aws and Customs received in each Country, agreeable to the Stipulations in this Treaty: And moreover, they shall have free Leave and Permis-fion, without any Kind of Hindrance or Molestation, to remove themselves, also, if they should happen to be married, their Wives and Children if they have any, and their Servants if they are willing' to go with their Mailers, together with their Merchandizes, Wares, Goods, and Effects, either bought or imported, whenfo-ever or whithersoever they shall think fit, out of the Bounds of each Country, by Land or by Sea, on the Rivers and frefit Waters, notwithstanding any Law, Privilege, Grant, Immunity, or Custom, in any wise importing the contrary.

Article 6th.

In the Business of Religion there shall be an entire Liberty allowed to the Subjects of each of the Confederates. as also, if they are married, to their Wives and Children; neither shall they be compelled to go to the Churches, or to be present at the religious Worship in any other Place: On the contrary, they may, without any Kind of Molestation, perform their religious Exercises after their own Way, in Churches, Chapels, or Houses, with open Doors: Moreover, Liberty shall be granted to bury the Subjects of either Party who die in the Territories of the other, in convenient and decent Places, to be appointed for that Purpose as Occasion shall require; neither shall the dead Bodies of those that are buried, be anyways molested.

Article 7th.

Furthermore it is agreed and concluded, as a general Rule, that all and singular the Subjects of their said High Mightinesses the Seven United Provinces of Holland, and of the said United Slates of in all Countries and Places subject to their Power, on either Side, as to all Duties, Impositions, or Customs whatsoever, concerning Goods, Merchandizes, Persons, Ships, Vessels, Freights, Seamen, Navigation, and Commerce, shall use and enjoy the same Privileges, Liberties, and Immunities, at least, and have the like Favour in all Things, as well in the Courts of Justice, as in all such Things as relate either to Commerce, or to any other Right whatever, which any Foreign Nation the moll favoured, has, uses, and enjoys, or may hereafter have, use, and enjoy.

Article 8th.

Their High Mightinesse the Estates of the Seven United Provinces of Holland shall endeavour by all Means in their Power, to protect and defend all Vessels, and the Effects, belonging to the Subjects, People, or Inhabitants of the said United States of , or any

of them, being in their Ports, Havens, or Roads, or on the Seas near to their Countries, Jtlands, Cities, or Towns; and to recover, and cause to be restored to the rightOwners, their Agents or Attornies, all such Vessels and Effects, which shall be taken within their Jurisdiction: And their Ships of War, or any Convoys failing under their Authority, shall, upon all Occasions, take under their Protection all Vessels belonging to the Subj ed's, People, or Inhabitants of the said United States of America, or any of them, or holding the same Course, or going the same Way; and shall defend such Vessels as long as they hold the same Course, or go the same Wav, against all Attacks, Force, and Violence, in the same Manner as they ought to prpted and defend Vef-21

fels belonging to the Subjects of their said High Mightinesse the States of the Seven United Provinces of Holland.

Article 9th.

In like Manner the said United States of America, and their Ships of War failing under their Authority, shall protect and defend, conformable to the Tenor of the preceding Article, all the Vessels and Effects belonging to the Subjects of the said Seven United Provinces of Holland; and use all their Endeavours to recover, and cause to be restored to their right Owners, the said Vessels and Effects that shall have been taken within the Jurisdiction of the said United States of America, or any of them.

Article 10th.

Their' High Mightinesse the Estates of the Seven United Provinces of Holland, will employ their good Offices and Interposition with the King or Emperor of Morocco or Fez, the Regency of Algiers, Tunis, or poli, or with any of them, and also with every other Prince, State, or Power, on the Coast of Barbary, in Africa, and the Subjects of the said King, Emperor, States, and Powers, and each of them; in order to provide, as fully and efficacioully as possible, for the Benefit, Convenioncy, and Safety of the said United States, and each of them, their Subjects, People, and Inhabi-. tants, and their Vessels and Effects, against all Violence, Insult, Attacks, or Depredations, on the Part of the said Princes or States of Barbary, or their Subjects.

Article nth.

It shall be lawful and free for Merchants and others, being Subjects either of the said Seven United States of Holland, or of the said United States of America, by "Will, or any other Disposition, made either during the Time of Sickness, or any other Time before, or at the Point of Death, to devise or give away to such Person or Persons as to them shall seem good, their Effects, Merchandizes, Money, Debts, Goods moveable or immoveable, which they have, or ought to have, at the Time of their Death, or at any Time before, within the Countries, Islands, Cities, Towns, or Dominions, belonging to either of the said contrading Parties: Moreover, whether they die, having made their Will or intestate, their lawful Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, residing in the Dominions of either of the contracting Parties, or coming from any other Part, although they be not naturalized, and without having the Effect of this Concession contested or impeded, under Pretext of any Rights or Prerogative of Provinces, Cities, or private Persons, shall freely and quietly receive and take possession of all the said Goods and Effects whatsoever, according to the Laws of each Country respectively; in such Manner, however, that the Wills and Rights of enteringupon thelnheritancesof Personsdyingintestate, must be proved according to Law in those Places where each Person may happen to die, as well by the Subjects of one as of the other contracting Party; any Law, Statute, Edict, Custom, Ordinance, Droit D'Aubaine, or any other Right whatsoever, notwithstanding.

Article 12th.

The Goods and Estates of the People and Subjects of the one contrading Party that shall die in the Countries, Islands, Lands, Cities, or Towns of the other, shall be preserved for the lawful Heirs and Successors of the Deceased, the Right of any Third Person always referred; and such Goods and Effects, together with the Papers, Writing, and Books of Accounts of such deceased Person, shall be put into an Inventory by the Consul, or other public Minister of such Party whose Subject has so died, and put into the Hands of Two or Three reputable Merchants, that shall be named by such Consul or public Minister, to be kept for the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Creditors of the deceased; nor shall any Judicatory whatever intermeddle therein, until ap-

21 Geo. III. 25" Januarii.

117

plied to, according to the Forms of Law, by such Heir, Executor, Administrator, or Creditor.

Article 13th.

It shall be lawful and free for the Subjects of each Party to employ such Advocates, Attornies, Notaries, Solicitors, or Factors, as they shall think fit; to which End, the Advocates, and others above-mentioned, may be appointed by the ordinary Judges, if it be needful, and the Judges be thereunto required.

Article 14th.

Merchants, Matters of Ships, Owners, Mariners, Men of all Kinds, Ships and Vessels, and all Merchandizes and Goods in general, and Effects, of one of the Confederates, or of the Subjects thereof, shall not, on any public or private Account, by virtue of any general or special Kdict, be seized or detained in any of the Countries, Lands, Islands, Cities, Towns, Ports, Havens, Shores, or Dominions whatsover, of the other Confederate, for public Use, for warlike Expeditions, or for any other Cause; much less for the private Use of any one shall they be detained by Arrests, compelled by Violence, or under any Colour thereof, or in anywise mo-letted or injured. Moreover, it shall be unlawful for the Subjects of either Parly to take any Thing, or to extort it by Force, from the Subjects of the other Party, without the Consent of the Person to whom it belongs, and it to be paid for with ready Money: Which, however, is not to be understood of that Detention and Seizure which shall be made by the Command and Authority of Justice, and by the ordinary Methods, on Account of Debt or Crimes; in respect whereof, the Proceedings mutt be by Way of Law, according to the Forms of Justice.

Article 15th.

It is further agreed and concluded. That it shall be wholly free for all Merchants, Commanders of Ships, and other Subjects of their High Mightinesses the States of the Seven United Provinces of Holland, in all Places subject to the Dominion and Jurisdiction of the said United States of America, to manage their own Business themselves, to employ whomsoever they please to manage it for them; nor shall they be obliged to make use of any Interpreter or Broker, nor to pay them any Salary or Fees, unless they chuse to make use of them: Moreover, Matters of Ships shall not be obliged in loading or unloading their Ships, to make use of those Workmen that maybe appointed by Public Authority for that Purpose, but. it shall be entirely free for them to load or unload their Ships by themselves, or to make use of such Persons in loading or unloading the fame, as they shall think fit, without paying any Fees or Salary to any oilier whomsoever; neither shall they be forced to unload any Sort of Merchandizeseither into other Ships, or to receive them into their own, or to wait for their being loaded longer than they please. And all and every the Subjects, People, and Inhabitants of the said United States of America, shall reciprocally have and enjoy the same Privileges and Liberties, in all Places whatsoever subject to the Dominion and Jurisdiction of their High Mightinesses the States ol ihe Seven United Provinces of Holland.

Article 16th.

A Dispute arising between any Commander of the Ships on either Side and his Seamen, in any Port of the other Party, concerning Wages due to the said Seamen, or other Civil Causes, the Magistrate of the Place shall require no more from the Personaccu fed than that he give to the Accuser, a Declaration in Writing, witnessed by the Magistrate, whereby he shall be bound to answer that Matter before a competent J edge, in his own Country; which being done, it shall not be lawful for -the Seamen to desert the Ship, or to hinder the Commander from prosecuting his Voyage. It moreover shall be lawful for the Merchants on both Sides, in the Vox,. 38.

Places of their Abode, of elsewhere, to keep Books of Papers their Accounts and Affairs in any Language or Man- ^oMiti* ner, and on any Paper, they shall think fit, and to have an Intercourse of Letters in such Language or Idiom Holland* as they shall please, without any Search or Molestation whatever; but if it should happen tO\be necessary for them to produce their Books of Accounts for deciding any Dispute or Controversy; in such Case, they shall bring into Court the entire Books or Writings, but so as the Judge or any other Person may not have Liberty to inf|>eft any other Articles in the said Books than such as shall be necessary to give Credit to the said Books* neither shall it be lawful, under any Pretence* to take the said Books or Writings forcibly out of the Hands of the Owners, or to retain them, the same of Bankruptcy only excepted.

Article 17th.

The Merchant Ships of either of the Parties which shall be making into a Port of the other Party, and concerning whose Voyage, and the Species of Goods on Board her, there shall be any just Grounds of Suspicion, shall be obliged to exhibit, as well upon the High Seas as in the Ports and Havens, not only her Passports, but likewise Certificates, expressly {hew ing that her Goods are not of the Number of those which have been prohibited as Contraband.

Article 18th.

If by exhibiting the abovesaid Certificates, mentioning the Particulars of the Things on Board, the other Party should discover there are any of those Sorts of Goods which are prohibited and declared Contraband by this Treaty, and consigned for a Port under the Obedience of his Enemies, it shall not be lawful to break up the Hatches of such Ship, or to open any Chell, Coffer, Pack, Calk, or any other Vessel or Package found therein, or to remove the smallest Parcel of the Goods, whether such Ship belongs to the Subjects of their High Mightinesse the States of the Seven United Provinces of Holland, or to the Subjects or Inhabitants of the said United States of America, unless the loading be brought on there in Presence of the Officers of the Court of Admiralty, and an Inventory thereof made; but there shall be no Allowance to fell, exchange, or alienate the fame, in any Manner, until after that due and lawful Process shall have been had against such prohibited Goods, and the Court of Admiralty respectively shall, by a Sentence pronounced, have confiscated the fame, saving always as well the Ship itself, as any other Goods found therein, which by this Treaty are to be esteemed free; neither may they be detained on Pretence of their being as it w'ere infected by rfie prohibited Goods, much less shall they be confiscated as lawful Prize: But if not the whole Cargo, but only Part thereof, shall consist of prohibited Goods, and the Commander of the Ship shall be ready and willing to deliver them to the Captor who has discovered them, in such Case, the Captor having received those Goods, shall forthwith dischar*ge the Ship, and not hinder her, by any Means, from freely prosecuting the Voyage on which {lie was bound; but in same the contraband Merchandizecannot be all receivedon Board the Vessel of the Captor, then the Captor may, notwithstanding the Offer of delivering him the contraband Goods, carry the Vessel into the neareli Port, agreeable to what is above directed.

Article 19th.

On the contrary, it is agreed, That whatever shall be found to be laden by the Subjects, People, or Inhabi-tantsofeither Party, onanyShipbelongingtotheEnemy of the other, or to his Subjects, the Whole, although it be not of the Sort of prohibited Goods, may be confiscated in the same Maimer as if it belonged to the Enemy himself; except such Goods and Merchandizes as were put on Board the Ships before the Declaration

Papers

respecting

HofWiries

with

Holland.

0

128 250 Januarii. A. 1781.

of War, or even after such Declaration, if it so be that ' Article 24th.

it was done without Knowledge of such Declaration; so In case the Subje&s or People of either Party, with that the Goods of the Subjects and People of either their Shipping, whether Public and of War, or Private Party, whether they be of the Nature of such as are and of Merchants, be forced, through Stress of Wea-prohibited, or otherwise, which, as aforesaid, were put ther, Pursuit of Pirates or Enemies, or any other ur-on Board any Ship belonging to an Enemy before the gent Necessity, for seeking of Shelter and Harbour, to War, or after the Declaration of the fame, without retreat and enter into any of the Rivers, Creeks, Bays, Knowledge of it, shall no ways be liable to Confifca- Havens, Roads, Ports, or Shores, belonging to the tion, but shall well and truly be restored without Delay, other Party, they shall be received and treated with all to the Proprietors demanding the fame; but so as that Humanity and fcindness, and enjoy all friendly Pro-if the said Merchandizes be contraband, it shall not be tec)ion and Help; and they shall be permitted to re-any Ways lawful to carry them afterwards to any Ports fresh and provide themselves, at reasonahJe Rates, with belonging to the Enemy; the Two contracting Parties Victuals, and all 1 lungs needful for the Sustenance of agree that the Term of Six Months, being elapsed after their Persons or Reparation of their Ships, and Conve-the Declaration of War, their respefctive Subjects, People, niency of their V oyage; and they shall no ways be de-and Inhabitants, from whatever Part of the World they tained or hindered from returning out of the said Ports come, shall not plead the Ignorance mentioned in this or Roads, but. may remove and depart when and whither Article. they please, without any Let or Hindrance.

Article 20U1. Article 25th.

And that more effectual Care may be taken for the Tor the better promoting Commerce on both Sides, Security of the Subjects and People of either Party, that it is agreed. That if a War should ever happen to break they do not suffer any Injury by the Men of War or out between the said contracting Parties, Six Months Privateers of the other Party, all the Commanders of the aher the Proclamation of War, shall be allowed to the Ships of War, and the armed Vessels of the said States Merchants, Subjects, and People on either Side, in the of the Seven United Provinces of Holland, and of the Countries, Cities, and Towns where they may happen said United States of America, and all their Subjects to reside; in which Time they themselves may retire, and People, shall be forbid doing any Injury or Damage together with all their Families, Goods, Merchandizes, to the other Side; and if they act to the contrary, they and Effects, and carry them whithersoever they shall {halite punished, and shall moreover be bound to make please; as likewise, at the same Time, the felling and Satisfaction for all Matter of Damage, and thetlnterest disposing of their Goods, both moveable and immove-thereof, by Reparation, under the Pain and Obligation able, shall be allowed them freely, and without any of their Person and Goods. Diliurbance; and in the mean Time their Goods, Ef-

sects, Wares, and Merchandizes, and particularly their Article 21ft. Persons, shall not be detained or troubled by Arrest or

All Ships and Merchandizes, of what Nature soever, Seizure, but rather in the mean Time the Subjects and which shall be refeued out of the Hands of Pirates or People on each Side shall have and enjoy good and Robbers on the High Seas, shall be brought into some speedy Justice, so that, during the said Space of Six Port of one or the other Party, and shall be delivered Months, they may be able to recover their Goods and into the Custody of the Officers of that Port, in order Effeas, entrusted as well to the Public as to private to be restored entire to the true Proprietors as soon as Persons; and if any thing be taken from them, or any due and sufficient Proof shall be made concerning the Injury be done by either Party, or the People or Sub-Property thereof. jeChs on either Side; full Satisfaction shall be made for the fame, by the Party committing such Injury, or doing Article 22d. such Damage.

It shall be lawful for the Ships of War, Privateers, or armed Vessels of either Party, freely to carry whither- Article 26th.

soever they please, the Ships and Goods taken from their No Subjects of their High Might ineflls the States of Enemies, without being obliged to pay any Duty to the the Seven United Provinces of Holland shall apply for Officers of the Admiralty, or any other Judges; nor or take any Commission or Letter of Marque, for shall such Prizes be arrested or seized when they come arming any Ship or Ships to act as Privateers against to and enter the Ports of either Party; nor shall the said United States of America, or any of them, or Searchers, or other Officers of those Places, search the against the P-operty of any of them, from any Prince fame, or make Examination concerning the Lawfolness or Stale w,th " lllch the said United States of America of such Prizes; but they may hoist fail at any Time and fl>al| happen to be at War; and if any Person of either depart, and carry their Prizes to the Place expressed in Nation shall take such Commission or Letter of Marque, their Commissions, which the Commanders of such Ships he shall be punished as a Pirate, of War, Privateers, or armed Vessels, shall be obliged to Article a^th.

shew: On the contrary, no Shelter or Refuge shall be It shall not be lawful for a„y Foreign Privateers, not given in their Ports to such as shall have made Prizes belonging to the Subjects of their High Mightineffes the of the Subjects, People, or Property of either of the States of the Seven United Provinces o{ Holland, nor . Parties; but if such shall come in, being forced by Stress to the citizens of the said United States of,

of Weather, or the Danger of the Seas, all proper which have Commissions from any other Prince or State Means shall be vigorously used that they go out and re- jn Enmity with either of the contraaing Parties, to fit tire from thence as soon as possible. their Ships of War in the Ports of either the one or the

other of the aforesaid Parties, to fell what they have Article 23d. taken, or in any other Manner whatsoever to exchange

If any Ships or Vessels belonging to either of the their Ships, Merchandizes, orany otherLading; neither Parlies, their Subjects or People, shall, within the shall they be allowed even to purchase Viauals, except Coastsor Dominions of the other, flick upon the Sands, such as shall be necessary for their going to the next or be wrecked, or fuller any other Damage, all friendly Port of that Prince or State from which they have Com-Assistance and Relief shall be given to the Persons millions.

Ship-wrecked, or such as shall be in Danger thereof;

and Letters of safe Condua shall likewise be given to Article 28th.

them, for their quiet and free Passage from thence, and It shall be lawful for all and Angular the Subjects of the Return of every one to their own Country. their High Mightinesses the States of the Seven United

Provinces

21 Geo. III. 25* Januarii.

provinces of Holland, and the Citizens, People, and Inhabitants of the said United States of to fail

Mitt) their Ships, with all Manner of Liberty and Security, no Distinction being made who are the Proprietors of the Merchandize laden therein, from any Port, to the Places of those who now are, or hereafter shall be, at Enmity with the said States of the Seven United Provinces of Holland, or the said United States of America. It thall also be lawful for the Subjects and Citizens aforesaid, to fail with the Ships and Merchandizes afore-mentioned, ami to trade, with the fameLibertyand Security, from the Places, Ports, and Havens of those who are Enemies of either Party, without an}' Oppo-lition or Disturbance whatsoever, not only directly from the Places of the Enemy afore-mentioned, to neutral Places, but also from one Place belonging to an Enemy to another Place belonging to an Enemy, whether they be under the J urisdiction of one and the same Power, or under several: And it is hereby ltipulated, that free Ships shall also give a Freedom to Goods, and that every thing shall be deemed to be free and exempt which shall be found on Board the Ships belonging to the Subjects of either of the Confederates, although the whole Lading, or any Part thereof, should appertain to the Enemies of either, Contraband Goods being always excepted. It is also agreed in like Manner, that the same Liberty be extended to persons who are on Board a free Ship, with this Effect, that although they be Enemies to both or either Party, they are not to be taken out of that free Ship, unless they are Soldiers, und in actual Service of the Enemies.

Article 29th.

This Liberty of Navigation and Commerce shall extend to all Kinds of Merchandizes, excepting those only which are distinguished by the Name of Contraband or Prohibited Goods; and under this Name of Contraband or Prohibited Goods shall be comprehended Arms, Great Guns, Bombs, with their Fuzees and other Things belonging to them. Fire Balls, Gunpowder, Match, Cannon Ball, Pikes, Swords, Lances, Spears, Halberts, Mortars, Petards, Grenades, Salt Petre, Muskets, Musket Balls, Helmets, Head Pieces, Bread Plates, Coats of Mail, and the like Kinds of Arms proper for arming Soldiers, Musket Kelts, Belts, Horses with their Furniture, and all other warlike Instruments whatever. These Merchandizes which follow shall not be reckoned amongContraband or Prohibited Goods (that is to say) All Sorts of Cloths, and all other Manufactures made of Wool, Flax, Hemp, Silk, Cotton, or any other Materials whatever; all Kinds of Wearing Apparel, together with the Species whereof they are used to be made; Gold and Silver, as well coined as uncoined; Tin, Iron, Lead, Copper, Brass; as also Wheat and Bariev, and every other Kind of Corn and Pulse; Tobacco, and likewise all Manner of Spices; faded and smoked Flesh, fr.lt.cd Fish, Cheese and Butler, Beer, Oils, Wines, Cycler, Sugars, Syrups, and all Sorts of Salt, and in general all Provisions which serve to the Nourishment of Mankind and the Sufte-uance of Life: Furthermore, all Kinds of Cotton, Hemp, Flax, Tar, Pitch, Turpentine, Ropes, Cables, Sails, Sail Cloths, Anchors, and any Parts of Anchors, also Ship Mails, Planks, Boards, and Beams, of what Trees soever, and all other Things proper either for building or repairing Ships, and all other Goods whatsoever, which have not been worked into the Form of any Instrument, or any Thing prepared for War, by Land or Sea, shall not be reputed Contraband, much less such as have been already wrought and made up for any other Use, all which shall be wholly reckoned among tree Goods, as likewise all other Merchandizes and Things which are not comprehended and particularly mentioned in the foregoing Enumeration of Contraband Goods, so that they may be transported and

Vol. 38.

carried in thefreeft Manner by the Subjects and Citizens. papfrs of both Confederates, even to Places belonging to an respe^ing Enemy, such Towns or Places being only excepted HoiUiiie* as are at that Time besieged, blocked up, or in* With HoitjaJ veiled.

Article 30th.

To the end that all Manner of Dissention and Quarrels may be avoided and prevented on both Sides, it is agreed.

That in case either of the Parties hereto should beengaged in War, the Ships and Vessels belonging to the Subjects or Citizens of the other Ally must be furnished with Sea Lettersor Passports, expressing the Name, Property, and Bulk of the Ship or Vessel, as also the Name, Place, or Habitation, of the Matter or Commander of the said Ship or Vessel, that it may appear thereby that the Ship really and truly belongs to the Subjects or Citizens of one of the Parties; which Passports fhailbemadeout and granted according to the Form annexed to this Treaty:

They shall likewise be recalled every Year, that is, if the Ship or Vessel happens to return Home within the Space of a Year. It is likewise agreed, that such Ships or Vessels, being laden, are to be provided, not only with Passports 5s above-mentioned, but also with Certificates, containing the several Particulars of the Cargo, the Place from whence the Ship failed, and whither die is bound; that so it may be known whether any forbidden or contraband Goods be on Board the fame; which Certificates shall be made out by the Officers of the Place from whence the Ship or Vessel set Sail, in the accustomed Form; and if any one tliall think it fit or advi fable to exp refs, in the said Certificates, the Persons to whom the Goods on Board belong, he, may freely do so.

Article 31st.

The Ships or Vessels of the Subjects or Citizens of either of the Parties, coming upon any Coasts belonging to either of the said Confederates, but not willing to enter into Port, or being entered into Port, and not willing to unload their Cargoes, or break Bulk, shall not be obliged to give an Account of their Lading, unless they should be suspected, on some manifest Tokens, of carrying to the Enemy of the other Ally, any prohibited Goods, called Contraband; and in case of such manifest Suspicion, the said Subjects and Citizens of either of the Parties, shall be obliged to exhibit in the Ports their Passports and Certificates, in the Manner before specified.

Article 32d.

If the Ships or Vessels of the said Subjects or People of either of the Parties should be met with, failing along the Coasts, or on the High Seas, by any Ship of War, Privateer, or armed Vessel, of the other Party, the said Ships of War, Privateers, or armed Vessels, for the avoiding of any Disorder, shall remain out of Cannon Shot, and may fend their Boats aboard the Merchant Ship which they shall so meet with, and may enter her, to the Number of Two or Three Men only, to whom the Master or Commander of such Ship or Vessel shall exhibit his Passport, concerning the Property of the Ship or Vessel, made out according to the Form annexed to this present Treaty; and the Ship or Vessel, after such Passport has been shewn, shall be free, and at Liberty to pursue her Voyage, so as it shall not be lawful to molest or search her in any Manner, to give her Chafe, or to force her to quit her intended Course.

Article 33d.

It is also agreed, That all Goods, when once put on Board the Ships or Vessels of either Party, shall not be subjeti to any further Visitation; but all Visitation or Search shall be made beforehand; and all prohibited Goods shall be stopt on the Spot, before the same be put on Board the Ships or Vessels of the respective Par-

L1 ties.

t

Pa pen

resptcting

Hostilities

with

Holland.

130 25* Janmr'n. A. 1781.

ties, their Subjects or People; nor shall the Persons or Goods of the Subjects or People of their said High Mightinesse the States of the Seven United Provinces of Holland, qr the said United States of America, be

put under any Arrest, or molelted by any other Kind of Embargo, for that Cause; but only the Subject of that Power by which the said Goods have been or shall be prohibited, who shall have presumed to fell or alienate such Sort of Goods, may be duly punished for the Offence, according to the Laws, Culioms, or Ordinances of his own Country.

Article 34th.

The Two con trailing Parties grant to each other mutually the Liberty of having each, in the Ports of the other, Consuls, Vice Consuls, Agents, and Commissaries.of their own appointing; whoseFun&ions shall be regulated by particular Agreement, whenever either Party chuses to make such Appointment.

FORM of the Passport to be given to Ships or Vessels, conformable to the 30th Article of this Treaty.

To all who shall fee these Presents greeting: Be it known, that Leave and Permission are hereby given to Mailer and Commander of the

Ship (or Vessel) called of the

of Burden Tons, or thereabouts, lying at

pfefent in the Port or Haven of bound

lbr and laden with to depart and pro-

ceed with his said Ship (or Vessel)on the said Voyage; such Ship (or Vessel) having been visited, and the said Mailer and Commander having made Oath before the proper Officer, that the said Ship (or Vessel) belongs to One (or more) of the Subjects, People, or Inhabitants, of and to him (or them) only. In Witness whereof, we have subscribed our Names to these Presents, and affixed the Seal of our Arms thereto, and caused the same to be countersigned by at this Day of in the

Year of pur Lord Christ

FORM of the Certificate to be given to Ships or Vessels, conformable to the 30th Article of this Treaty.

We Magistrates (or Officers of the Culioms) of the Port or Haven of do

certify and attest, that on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord D. of

personally appeared before 11s, and declared, by solemn Oath, that the Ship (or Vessel) called of

'I ons, or thereabouts, whereof of

is at present Mailer and Commander, does rightfully and properly belong to him (or them) only; that flie is now bound from the Port or Haven of to the Port of laden with Goods and Merchandizes hereunder particularly described and enumerated, as follows:

In Witness whereof, we have signedthis Certificate, and sealed it with the Seal of our Office, this Day of in

the Year of our Lord Christ

This is a rongh Plan of a Treaty of Commerce, which, in consequence of the Appointment and In-struclions of the honourable Mr. Engelbert Francis Van Bcrc kel.Counsellor Pensionary of the City of Amsterdam,

to me John de Neufville, Citizen of the said City of

Amsterdam, I have perused, considered, and settled, with William Lee, Esquire, Commissioner of Congress, at a proper Treaty of Commerce to be entered into between their High Mightinesse the States of the Seven United Provinces of Holland, and th® United Stales of

North America. This done at Aix-la-Chthe 4th September 1778.

Signed

John de Neufville.

A true Copy, certified by me Sam.If. Stock ton.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Addrefi

Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this £1t*'j!ln!

House, for His most gracious Mcflago; and for His ®*jj,‘|,iei having been pleased to cotnmun icate to this House, His Hollaud. Majesty's public Declaration of the Causes and Motives which have obliged His Majesty to dirt# Letters of Marque and General Reprisals to be iflited against the States General of the United Provinces, and their Subjects.

To allure His Majesty, that we take a moll fin cere Partin the Concern and Regret which 11 is Majesty expresses for the unavoidable Necessity of hollile Mea-fltres .'igainst the ancient Friends and natural Allies of His Kingdoms.

To acknowledge, with the warmed Sentiments of Gratitude, the Wisdom and Moderation of His Majesty's Conduct, in using every Endeavour, before His Majesty proceeded to Extremities, tp prevail on the States General to revert to that Syftetn of found Policy which used to govern their Councils in the bell Times of the Republic, and which formed arid established her Union with Great Britain, for the common interestand mutual Safety of both Countries.

To allure His Majesty, that His faithful Commons will, with a firm arid determined Resolution, support His Majesty against all His Enemies, in the Profecti- , tion of this just and necessary War, for the Maintenance of the Honour of His Crown, and of the Rights and Interests of His People.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " for the unavoidable Necfeffity of hollile Measures against," in order to insert the Words " on account of the present " Rupture with," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out Hand Part of the Question;

The Floufe divided.

The, Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, [e

Tellers for the Noes, j ] ..

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to ihe Question, by leaving out the Words " His faithful " Commons will, with a firm and‘determined Resolution, support His Majesty against all His Enemies,

" in the Prosecution of this just and necessary War,

" for the Maintenance of the Honour of His Crown,

" and of the Rights and Interests of His People," in order to insert the Words, " this House will immediately apply itself to examine, with the moll serious " Attention, the Causes which have led to this new and " unfortunate Situation of Hostility against the ancient " and natural Ally of this Kingdom; and when satisfied of the Necessity of such a Measure, will exert " their utmost Endeavours to support the Honour of " Flis Majesty's Crown, and the real Interests of His " People," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out Hand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most gracious Message,

and

4

21 Geo. III.

25° — 26° — 270 Jamarii. 131

and for His having been pleased to communicate to this House, His Majesty's public Declaration of the Causes and Motives which have obliged His Majesty to direct Letters of Marque and General Reprisals to be issued against the States General of the United Provinces, and their Subjects.

To uffure His Majesty, that we take a most sincere Part in the Concern and Regret which His Majesty ex-jrrelfes for the unavoidable Necessity of hostile Mea-fui es against the ancient Friends and natural Allies of H is Kingdoms.

To acknowledge, with the warmed Sentiments of Gratitude, the Wisdom and Moderation of His Majesty's Conduct in using every Endeavour, before His Majedv proceeded to Extremities, to prevail on the States General to revert to that System of found Policy which used to govern their Councils in the bed Times of the Republic, and which formed and established her Union with Great Britain, for the common Intered and mutual Safety of both Countries

To allure His Majesty, that His faithful Commons will, with a firm and determined Resolution, support His Majesty against all His Enemies, in the Prosecution of this just and necessary War, for the Maintenance of the Honour of His Crown, and of the Rights and Interests of His People.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution.

And a Comm ittee was appointed of the Lord the Lord Lrwisham, Lord George , Mr. Ellis,

the Lord Beauchamp, the Lord Jl' , Mr. Attorney

General, Mr. Secretary at War, Sir Grey , Sir

Richard Sutton, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. John -binfon, Mr. de Grey, Sir George Hoivard, Mr. Adam, Mr. WraxaU, Mr. Sinclair, Sir Francis; or any

Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty's most gracious Message to this House be referred to the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Noxon and Mr. Thomas Butler, late Sheriffs of the City of Coventry, do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Petition of Sir Ilallifax,

Knight, and Thomas Rogers. Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and several Hundred others, Freemen of the City of Coventry, and entitled to vote in the Election of Citizens to represent the said City in Parliament; and also, the Petition of Edward Roe Yeo, Esquire, and John Baker llolroyd, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and several Hundred other Freemen of the City of Coventry, and entitled to vote in the Election of

Citizens to represent the said City in Parliament; be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next, at the same Time when the Sheriffs of the City of Coventry are ordered to attend this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

3$.

Ventrisy 26° die'Januctrii;

Anno a 1* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1781.

Pray tits.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considera- New Radnor tion the Petition of John Lewis, Esquire; and kl«&ion. also the Petition of Edward Lewis, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and duuble Return for the Borough of New Radnor, in the County of be-

ing come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms wasdirected, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and Ninety-one Members only being found to be present, Mr.

Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration; and immediately adjourned the said Order, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 270 die Januarii;

Anno ai° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considera- New Radnor tion the Petition of John Lewis, Esquire; and Elea Ion. also the Petition of Edward Letois, Esquire; complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the Borough of New Radnor, in the county of;

being come;

Tire House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Bu-finess of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One -hundren and Seven Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration,

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And

AiJcfrefs

respecting

Hostiiitics

with

Holland,

132 270 Januarii. 1781.

And the Names of Six Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of George Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for John Lewis, Esquire, and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Eighteen other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of George Ross, Esquire, being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Sde£t Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; and having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accord-in glv.

O */ _

And the Names of Twenty-five other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Twelve other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Three, on account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; Eight, on account of their being Members, against whose Returns Petitions were depending; and One, on account of his being a Petitioner to this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete, the Counsel for Edward Esquire,

named Bamber Gascoyne, Esquire, to serve on the said

Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

The Lord North reported from the Committee, appointed on Thiuj'day last to daw up an Address to be presenteef to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up-an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, return your Majesty our humble Thanks for Your most gracious Message, and for having been pleased to communicate to this House, Your Majesty'spublic Declaration of the Causes and Motives which have obliged Your Majesty to direct Letters of Marque, and General Reprisals, to be ifl'ued against tl»e States General of the United Provinces, and their Subjects.

Permit us, Sir, to alTure your Majesty that we take a most I'mcere Part in the Concern and Regret which Your Majesty expresses, for the unavoidable Necessity of hostile Mtafures against' the ancient Friends and

C'

natural Allies of Your Kingdoms.

-' We acknowledge, with the warmest Sentiments of Gratitude, the Wildoni and Moderation of Your Ma. jefiv'sConduct, in ufiing every Endeavour, Irefore Your Majesty proceeded to Extremities, to prevail on the States General to revert to that Syftern of found Pokey which tiled to govern their Councils in the belt Times of tin? Republic, and which formed and efta-hlished her Union with Great Britain, for the common Inn-rest and mutual Safety of both Countries.

We beg Leave to allure Your Majesty, that Your faithful Commons will, with a firm ami determined Jfefolutiou, support Your Majesty against all Your Enemies, in the Prol'eeution of this just and necessary War, for the Maintenance of the Honour of Your Crown, and the Rights and luterelts of your People.

1 4

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Be/olved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address, to be prefen ted to His Majesty.

llefolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty's Pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

A Petition of Beilhy Thompf Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Efcrick,\n the Cou n ty of York, and Pat ron of the

Advowson of the Rectory of the Parish of Ej'crick aforesaid, the Reverend William Clerk, Rector of the said Rectory, Ann Bell, of the City of Uncoln, Widow, and David John Bell her Son, and Thomas Eadon, of Deighton, in the said County of Gentleman,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Glebe Lands in the Fields and West lugs- of the Townlliip of Ej'crick, belonging to the said William Harrison in Right of his said Rectory, lie intermixed with the Lands and Grounds of the Thompson

and prevent the same from being improved; and that the said William Harrison is also seised, in Right of his said Rectory, of all the Tythes, Great and Small, and of what Nature or Kind soever, of the Township of Efcrick aforesaid, and of Two Cottages in the Township of Efcrick aforesaid, with their Garths and Common Rights; and also of all Tythes of such Lands in the Township of Deighton, within the said Parish, as are subject to Tythes in Kind, and of certain Modules, or customary Annual Payments in Money, for and in lieu of Tythes of certain Lands in the Township of Deighton aforesaid; and that it would be for the mutual Advantage as well of the said William Harrison, and the Redors of the said Parish for the Time being, as of the said Beilhy Thompson, if the said Glebe Lands in the Township of Efcrick were exchanged for Lands of the said BeilbyThompfon, of equal or better Value,

and more convenient, in point of Situation, for the said Rector and his Successors, and if the Tythes and Modules payable in respect of the Estates of the said Beilby Thompson, Ann Bell, David John Bell, and Thomas Eadon, respectively, withiirthe said Parish, were extinguished, in Consideration of an ample Equivalent in Value to be made and secured to the said Rector and his Successors in lieu thereof; and that the said William Harrison hath agreed to accept of other Lands of the said Beilby Thompson, in Exchange for and in lieu of his said Glebe Lands, and to accept of a Com pen fa-tion for his said Tythes, Modules, and Customary Payments, arising out of the Hands and Tenements of the said Beilby Thompson, situate within the said Parish of Efcrick, partly in Lands now belonging to the said Beilby Thompson, and partly by an Annual Payment; and

that the said William Harrison has likewise agreed with the said Ann Bell, David Johzi and Thomas Eadon, to accept of Equivalents in Value for the Tythes, Modules, and Customary Payments, arising and payable from and out of their respective Lands and Tenements at Deighton aforesaid; and that the Parish Church of Efcrick aforesaid, and the Rectory House there, and the Out buildings belonging thereto, are very ancient, and much in Decay, and the said Beilby Thompson is willing to take down the fame, and to build at his own Expence a new Parish Church and a new Rectory House, with proper Out Buildings thereto, in a more commodious Situation for the Rector and Parishioners of the said Parish, and so set out and allot out of his own Lands, a Church Yard or Burying Place for the said Parish, and a Garden and other proper and suitable Conveniencies for the said new Rectory House, so as the said present Parish Church and Church Yard, and the said present Reiftory House, with all Out Buildings, Grounds, and other Appurtenances thereto belonging,

and

Efcrick

new

Clmich.

c

ai Geo. III. 27°'

Accounts.

| Men raised i for the Navy.

Men

who have died.

Debtors.

Whitby

Harbour.

and the respectiveScites thereof, be duly and absolutely vested in him the said Beilin) , his Heirs and

Assigns for ever: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, in l'uch Manner, and under such Regulations and Alterations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, 'I hat Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord John Cuvendtjhand Mr. Frederick Montagu do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

The Earl of Uptime, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all the Men raised for His Majesty's Navy, Marines included, from the 29th 1774,

to the 29th of September 1780; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Number of the Men who have died in afttial Service in His Majesty's Navy, since the ill Day of January 177 6,distinguishing (as far as may be) those who have been killed by the Enemy; and also, of the Number of such Men as have deserted the said Service in the same Period, as far as the several Accounts can be made up; distinguishing each Year.

And the T itles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perofed by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Prisoners for Debt in His Majesty's Gaol of Richmond, in the North Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Lafcellesreported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the principal Inhabitants, Mailers and Owners of Ships, of the Town of Whitby, in the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, pastecl in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, *An Act for the more effectual repairing and preserving the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County " of York," was read; whereby an additional Duty of One Farthing per Chalder on Coals was granted, to be paid by the Mailer or Owners of every Ship that should load or ship any Coals at the Port of Newcastle upon 7 yne, orat Sunderland, Bly the Culler coates,

or any Harbour, Colliery, or Place, that was reputed to be a Member of the said Port of Ac: upon

dyne,- to be applied for* the Use of the said Piers and Harbour of Whitby:And

Mr. Edward Cayley being examined, said, That the Trustees for the said Harbour have, at a very great Expence, caused a conljderable Part of the West Pier to be taken down and rebuilt, and the Fall Pier to be raised, and made broader and stronger by a Casing of Stone, from End to End, next the Sea, which otherwise would have made a Breach through the fame; and for defraying the Expence of the said Works, and other' Repairs, the Trustees aforesaid have been obliged to borrow large Sums of Money, amounting to 8,150, whereof £ <5,2,50 remained Hill unpaid when the Accounts were settled in August Jail. The Wit nets further Vox.. 38.

said. That about 75 Yards of the said Pier, where the Foundation has given Way, still remains unrepaired, and must be taken down and rebuilt, which, with the other Works direriled to be done, will, at a moderate Computation, cost £. 13,000; and that it will not be possible for the Trustees to pay off the said Debt, and complete the Repairs of the said Piers and Works, unless the said Duty granted by the said Act of the; Twenty-third Year of his late Majesty, which will expire in June 1781, be further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Duty of One Farthing per Chalder on Coals, granted by an Act of the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, lor the more effectualrepairing and maintaining the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York: And that Mr. Lascelles and the Lord Galway do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole-House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to Mis Majesty.

A Petition of Edward Roe Yeo, Esquire, and John I.01XI Sheffield, of the Kingdom of Ireland, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, on the 20th Day of November last, presented their Petition respecting the Return made by the Sheriffs of the City of Coventry to the Writ of electing Two Citizens, to be returned at the late General Election as Representatives for the said City in Parliament, praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to inflict such Punishment on the said Sheriffs of Coventry, their Under Sheriffs, Affo-ciates, and Confederates, and to give the Petitioners and the Electors of Coventry such Relief as to the House lhonld seem meet; arxi that the said Petition being ordered to be taken into Consideration at the fume Time when the Sheriffs are ordered to attend the House, and at the same Time with the Petition of Sir Thomas Hallifax, Knight, and Thom as Rogers u i re, re fp eft i n g

the same Return: And the said Sir Thomas Hallifax and Thomas Rogers having obtained Leave to be heard, by their Counsel, in Support of the Matters contained in their said Petition, the Petitioners therefore pray, That they may be permitted to be beard, by Counsel, in Support of the Matters contained in their said Petition, and also in respect of the Matters alledged by the Petition of the said Sir Thomas Hallifax anr.\ Thomas Roger*, and also in any other Matters respecting the Sheriffs Return, or otherwise relating thereto.

Ordered, That the said Petitioners be permitted to be heard, by their Counsel, in Support of the Matters contained in their said former Petition.

The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been firuck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unftnick; to which last mentioned Lilt the Names o George Onjlozvand Dumber Esquires,

being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Frederick Montagu, Esquire, John Esquire,

Sir Cecil Bifshopp, Baronet, John Clair, Esquire,

Arnoldus Jones Skelton, Esquire, John Calvert, Junior. Esquire, TrevanionJLU111 ire, the honourable Thomas

Pelham, Robert Smith, Esquire, John Bond, Esquire,

M m John

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Coventry

Election.

New

Radnor

Election.

*34

27° — 290

A. 1781.

Court tin/, Esquire, Darker, Esquire, Francis

Charter is, Esquire, George Onslow, Esquire, Bamber Gascojjne, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of John Lewis, Esquire, and also the Petition of Edward Lewis, Esquire, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the ufgal Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the First Committee Chamber, appointed for 1-learing the Trials of Controverted Elections.

' And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna/) 29® 'Ja/tuarii;

Anno 2i° Georgii III"1 Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

Address ^T'HE Lord Hindureported to the House, Hostilitiw A That HiS' Majesty having been waited upon, pur-with Holland, suant to the Order of Saturday last, humbly to know His Majesty's Pleasure when He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attemled'thrs-Day, at Three of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

Road.

Weston on A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, the^Green tvhofe Names are thereunto subscribed and set, residing near, and often travelling on, the Road leading from the Gate on the Turnpike Road at or near the South End of the Town of Westonon the Green, in the County of Ojfford, to the Turnpike Road upon Kidlington Green, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Road is in many Places narrow, incommodious, and dangerous for Travellers, and often totally impaiTable for Callages, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Means prescribed by the Laws now in being; and that, if the said Road was repaired and widened, it would be of great Advantage to the Petitioners, as well as of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Road from the said Gate on the Turnpike Road at or near the South End of the Town of tVeston on the Green aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road on $idlington Green aforesaid, in such Manner and with such Powers as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Elwes, Mr. Pochin, &c.: And they are to meet upon Wednesday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Camber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Chicklade A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

Indoiurc. Common Downs, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, of and within the Parish of Chicklade, in the County of Mitts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elides, Mr. Pochin, tec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's (Chamber.

Zlrgenbein A Bill for naturalizing John Engelbei'ts Ziegenbien 4 c. and Charles Angujtns Pwas read a Second Time.

b«at- Rejoiced, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes, Mr. M inchin,&c.: And they are to meet this After-»7

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the fseveral Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Drieftors and acting Guardians of the Poor within the Hundred of Stow, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the Floufe, and read; Set-

ting forth. That by an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the belter Relief and Employment of the Poor within the said Hundred, the Directors and atting Guardians were enabled to borrow and take up at Interest any Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole £.8,000, and to assign over all or any Part of the Poor's Rates to be collected for the said Hundred, as a Security for Re-payment of the Principal and Interest of the Money borrowed; and that a Proviso being therein contained, for the said Directors, or any Five of them, at any Time before the Election of the said acting Guardians, to borrow at Interest, or by Way of Annuities, such Sums of Money as they might find necessary from Time to Time for the Purposes of the Act, subject to the Directions prefer jbed by the said Act, the Directors have already taken up at Interest the Sum of £. 7,890, which, with the Sum of £. no lately promised to be lent on the said Security, will make up the full Sum of £.8,000, which the said Act enables to be borrowed thereon, and which Sum having by Experience been found insufficient for the Purposes of the said Act, and in order to obviate many Prejudices and Inconveniences which the Want of a sufficient Supply of Money might other-W'ife have created before any Parliamentary Assistance could have been afforded, and of the Confidence re-posed in Parliament for Relief, several of the said Directors have borrowed, on their own Personal Securities, such Sums of Money as have hitherto, with the Money borrowed by virtue of the Act, been sufficient for the Purposes of the said Act; but that a further and larger Sum will be absolutely necessary for the due Completion thereof, and some few beneficial Amendments might be made to the said Act, as the Petitioners conceive: And therefore praying the House to take the same into Consideration, and to give them Leave to bring in a Bill, that such Relief may be therein given to them and others, for the Time being, of the said Hundred, as to Parliament ft)all seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Rous, Sir bun/, &c.: And they are to meet upon Wednesday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Stovr

Poor.

A Petition of the several Trustees whose Names are CheffrrfieW, thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and the bereft of the Trustees named in and appointed for put- Roa"*

ting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " And Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike " Road Bear the West End of the Town of " to Matlock Bridge; and also the Road leading out of " the said Road'over Darley Bridge to; and

" also the Road leading out of the last mentioned Road " to the Turnpike Road near Boujley Bridge, in the " County of Derby," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, and the said other Trustees, have made great Progress in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted; but find that the said Roads cannot be ef-leftoally amended, widened, and kept in Repair, nor the said Sums of Money repaid, unless the Term

granted

Linnet fton Roads.

j Rothley j Irulofure.

t

2i Geo. III. 29° — 5 10 Januarii. 13*5

granted by the said Act, which is near expiring, he further continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act of Parliament of the Thirty-third Year of his said late Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it lHn.ll appear to them, to tlreHouse:

And it is referred to Mr. Lord George

Augitjtus Henry Cavendifft, ice.: And they are to meet upon Wednesday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Shaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Troflees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the

Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, " and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to the Borough of Lannccjlom, in the County of Cornwall," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded to carry the said A ft into Execution, and have repaired and amended the Roads therein mentioned, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, which at present they are unable to repay; and that the Term granted by the said Act is near expiring, and several Roads therein mentioned are still greatly out of Repair, in so' much that the same cannot he re-

faired, and kept in Repair, without the further Aid of arliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers in the said Act, in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Borvlby, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet upon Wednesday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend lor Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Thomas Bahington, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of RothUy, in the County of and

Patron o£the Vicarage and Parish Church of Rothley aforesaid, and a Proprietor of a very considerable Part of the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadbws, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, as well within the Parish and Township of Rothley aforesaid, as within the Extra-parochial Liberty of Rothley Temple, in the said County (which adjoins tipon the said Parish and ToVvnship) William Babingtou, Clerk, Vicar of the said Vicarage, and of Sir John Danvers, Baronet, John Paget, John

Dau'son, and Joseph Neubold, Gentlemen, other Proprietors and Owners of Lands and Grounds in the said Parish and Township, and in the said Extra-parochial liberty respectively, or in One of them, on Behalf of themselves and the refi of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the said Parish and Township, and within the said Extra-parochial Liberty, respectively, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others, as well within the said Parish and Township as within the said Extra-parochial Liberty, lie intermixed and dispersed, and in their present Situation, are incapable of much Improvement; and that it would beadvantageonsto the Proprietors and Persons i nterelied in the said Landsand Grounds, to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them in Proportion to and in Lieu of their several Vol. 38.

Properties therein, tb be Veld in Severalty for ever V And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, I^mds and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuanl to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Pochin, and Mr. Darker, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Orders of the Day being read;

That this House will, upon Morn- Importation

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Italian House, upon the Bill for further continuing an Act, browu Sl made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of Fine Organzined Italian Thrown Silk in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Nbxo and Mr. Thomas Coventry Butler, late Sheriffs of the City of Coventry, do attend Elc&ion. this House upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Petition of Sir Thomas Hallifax,

Knight, and Thomas Rogers, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and several Hundred others, Freemen of the City of Coventry, and entitled to vote in the Election of Citizens to represent the said City in Parliament: and also the Petition of Ed-ivardRoc Yeo, Esquire, and John Baker llolroyd, Esquire;

and also, tlte Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and several Hundred other Freemen of the City of and entitled to vote in the Election of Citizens to repr$-sent the said City in Parliament; be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next, at the same Time when the Sheriffs of the City of Coventry are ordered to attend this House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply.' Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of thq Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Ways

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the *ndMean,< whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 31° dJanuarii;

Anno 2i* Georgii III*'1 Regis, 1781. Prayers.

MR. Speaker reported to the House, That the House attended His Majesty ou Monday last with their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most Gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

Nothing could give me so much Satisfaction as this very loyal and affectionate Address.

1 return you My most cordial Thanks for the zealous Assurances of the Continuance of your Support; and I assure you on My Part that I never called for that Support except when I was convinced that it was effectially necessary for the Welfare and Security of My Kingdoms, and for the Maintenance of the Honour of My Crown, which I shall always consider as inseparably connected with the Interests of My People.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given

to

Answef

to

Address

resprfting

HolHlities

with

Holland.

136 31 Q Januar'd. 1781.

Chaplain to the Reverend Folliot Cornwall, Chaplain to this thanked. House, for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday before this House, at Saint Margaret's, Westminster.

New Radnor Mr. Frederick Montagu, from the Select. Committee, Election. wj)0 wer^ appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of John Lewis, Esquire; and also the Petition of Edward Lewis, Esquire, Severally complaining of the Double Return and undue Ejection for the Borough of New Radnor, in the County of Radnor, and its Contributory Boroughs, informed the House, that tile Said Select Committee have determined,

That John Lewis, Esquire, is not duly returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Nero Radnor, in the County of Radnor, and its Contributory Boroughs:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Edward Lewis, Esquire, is duly returned a Burgess to serve.in this present Parliament for the said Borough of New Radnor, and its Contributory Boroughs:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the said Edward Lewis, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in tips present. Parliament for the said Borough of New Radnor, and its Contributory Boroughs.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the last Return for the Borough of New Radnor, in the County o{Radnor, and amend the fame, by rating out the Name of John Lewis, Esquire, and what relates to him in the said Return, and by making such other Alterations as are proper in Consequence thereof.

Debtors. <A Petition of the unhappy Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty's Gaol at Durham: And also.

Ditto. A Petition of the Debtors confined for Debt in the Castle of Worcester;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief. „

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Whitby Mr. Lafcellas-presented to the House, according to Barbour. Order, a Bill to continue the Duty of One Farthing per Chalder on Coals, granted by an Act of the Twenty-third \ear of the Reign of King George the Second, for the moreeifeftual repairing and maintaining the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, I hat the Bill be read a Second Time.

Borrowflown- A Petition of the Noblemen and Gentlemen, Here-reG?, &c. tors of the County of Linlithgow and . Bathgate, whose Koacs. Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, aiul read; Setting forth. That the High Road leading from the Port of Borroxvftoxvnness,.in the County of lAnlithgow, by Torpichcn and Bathgate, to Briech ft \i!tr, in the said County, is in many Places during the Winter Seaibn, or wet Weather, aimost impafTablefor Carriages, and dangerous for Persons travelling on Horseback, and many Parts thereof are very incommodious, and cannot be sufficiently repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, for the Accommodation of Travellers, unless some Trovision be made by Parliament for railing Money to be applied for those Purposes: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Cunynghame, Mr.

Scott, &c.; And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in chard, Execution an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of &c. the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, Roads, for repairing, and widening the Roads from the East End of the Town of Chard, to the South End of West Moor, and from the West End of the Yeovil Turnpike Road through Ilmijler to Kenny Gate, and from the West End of Peaje Marsh Lane, to Horton Elm, and from Saint Rane Hill to Ilminster, and from White Cross to Chillington Down, and from a Place called Three Oaks,o\er Ilford Bridges, to Bridge Cross, in the County of Somerset j and also of several Gentlemen,

Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Settingforth,

That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof, but that the said Roads are not yet repaired; and that the said Act, and the Powers thereby given, are in many respects defective, and the Tolls iqsufficient for the Purposes intended, and, unless such Defects are amended, the Tolls increased, and the Term and Powers of the said Act enlarged, or the same repealed, and a new Act granted, the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired and widened, nor the Money borrowed be repaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, or for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads in the said Act mentioned, and for repealing the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they^lo

examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Poulett, Mr. Allen, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Ciock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee, to Grampound whom the Petition, as well of the Trustees for putting Road, in Execution an Act of Parliament of the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road " leading from the Eastern End of the Borough of " Grampound, in the County of Cornwall, through the " 1 owns of Saint Aujlell and Lostwithiel, and from " thence to the East End of the Western Taphouse Lane,

" in the said County," and of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants* redding near the said Road, as also of several Creditors who have advanced Monies on the Credit of the said Act, was referred;

That the Committee had examined and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with: and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Pceport in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table-: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read -.And,

Mr. Joseph Michell, being examined, said, That the Trustees have, by virtue of the said Act, borrowed the

Sum

k

2i Geo. lit.

Sum of£. 3,050; which has been applied in the Repair of I lie said Roads, and other the PmpofWof the said Act, and which Money now remains due — 'That iconsiderable Repairs are now wanting to the said Roads; and that the same cannot be properly repaired, arid kept in Repair; nor the Money now owing be repaid; unless the Term of the said Act is further continued. And the Witness further said. That federal Powers, Provisions, land Riegula-tions in the said Act, are insufficient for the Purposes thereby intended, and that it is necessarythe fainefllould be explained, altered, enlarged, and amended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Eadern End of the Borough of Gr(impound, in the County of Comically through the Towns of Saint Aujldl and Loft-zvi/hiel, and from thence to the Ead End of the Western Tapho use Lane, in the said Comity: And thatSirR lilt a m Lemon and Mr. Eliot do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Falmouth, Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee, to

ktaci ^k°in the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Fil'd Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for amending and widening the Road leading " from the Town of Palmouth, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Penryn, He Iff on, and Ma* ration, and from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge, and Two hundred Feet to the West ward 4fc of the said River and Bridge, was referredThat the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it iq it the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read and is as followeth; viz.

To pfove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act vyris read: And

Mr. jojfbph Mitchell, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded to carry the said Act into Execution, and have borrowed upon the Credit thereof, the Sum of £. 3,350; which cannot be paid off, nor the Roads, which are still greatly. Out of Repair, be effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and several of the Provisions explained and altered.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign Of His present Majesty, for a-mending and widening the Road leading from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Penryn, Helflone, arid Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge, and Two hundred Feet to the West ward of the said River and Bridge: And that Sir Will lain Lemon and Mr. Eliot do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

kentey Bridge A Petition of the several Trustees whose Names are to the thereunder subscribed, Trustees for the Turnpike Roads

MRoad°sQC from Bfenleif Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culha?n Bridge, and to a Place called Milejtone, in the Road leading to Mag-dalen Bi'idge, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign Of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from Henley Bridge^ in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called Milejtone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County; and that art Act was made in the Twenty-eighth Year t>f his said late Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Vol. 38.

hi

Powers granted by the said first-mentioned Act, and for widening the said Roads, and for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the End of Culham Bridge next to Culham, in the County of Oxford, to the End of Bur ford Bridge next to Abingdon, hi the County of Berks, and from The Mayor s Stone at the End of the Boar Street, in the Town of Abingdon, to Shippon, in the said County of Berks, and from thence to the West End of the Town of Fyfield, in the same County; and that the said Acts afe near expiring, together with the addi-iibnal Term of Five Years, granted td encourage the erecting of Weighing Engines, by the general Turnpike Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty; and that, notwithstanding the said Road from Henley Bridge to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called The Milefione, in the Road to Mugdalen Bridge, is included in the said Act of the Ttventy-eighth Year of his late Majesty, with the F oad from Culharh Bridge ioBurford Bridge, and from The Mayor's Slone to Shippon, and from thence to the West End of the Town of Fy field, the same has nevertheless been considered, and in all Respects treated, as a separate District, with distinci Tolls granted thereon, and Money has been borrowed Upon the Credit of the Tolls within that District, separately and apart from the other Roads mentioned in the said lait-mentioned Act; and that the Mone^so borrowed now remains due, and the said Road is not yet sufficiently repaired, and it will be more convenient to have the said Rdad, as the same is described in the said Act passed in the Ninth Year of his said late Majesty, again made a separate Trull, and unconnected with the said other Roads added by the said Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of his said Majesty: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of* the said Acts, ill such Manner as the House shall think proper;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Charles Spencer, the Lord Wenman, &c: And they are to meet To-Morrow Morning; at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker'sChamr ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records;

Mr. Hugh Scott reported from the Committee, to Dennbiim whom the Petition of fevelal Tniftees appointed to put Bridge in fexecution an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening te the Roads from Deanburn Bridge, through Greenlaw,

<c and Part of the Jedburgh Ro&d by Lauder, in the " Shire of Berxvick, to Cornhill, in the County erf Dufham; and for building a Bridge over the Tweed,

" near Colcljircam," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to repbrt the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table i Where the same was read; arid is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Thomas Longtands informed your Committee,

That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof 5 which Money fd borrowed, together with the Tolls Collected, have been duly applied in repairing the said Roads, and great Progress hath been made therein; but the Money now due and owing c&nnot be repaid, and the said Roads Nil effectually

31° Janudri

31° Januarii.

A. 1781.

effectually repaired, and kept in Repair for the future, unless the Term granted by the said Act be continued, and the Powers enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled; " An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from " Bridge, through Greenlaw and Part of the Jedburgh " Road, by Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to Cornhill, in the county of ; and for building a

u Bridge over the Tweed, near ColdjlreamAnd that Mr. Hugh Scott, Sir Thomas Clavering, and Sir Cockburn, do prepare, and bring in, the fanle.

Weston on Mr. Minchin reported from the Committee, to whom th* Gr'en the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, 03 ' whose Names are thereunto subscribed and Xet, residing near, and often travelling on, the Road leading from the Gate on the Turnpike Road at or near the South End of the Town of Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road upon Green, in the said County, w-as referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him td report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Edward King informed your Committee, That the Road leading from a certain Gate upon the Turnpike Road at or near the South End of the Town of Weston on the Green, to the Turnpike Road upon Green, is in many Places narrow arid incommodious, dangerous for Travellers, and often almost impassable for Carriages; and , that the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

And the Witness added, That if the said Road was properly repaired and widened, it would be of great Advantage to the Petitioners, as well as of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from a certain Gate on the Turnpike Road at or near the South End of the Town of Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road on Kidlington Green, in the said County: And that Mr. Minchin, Lord Charles Spencer, the Lord Wenman, and Mr. Page, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Srrwtir* Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, td whom 1 at‘ the Bill for naturalizing Dame Charlotte Sophia Smyth, Wife of Sir Robert Smyth, Baronet; and for qualifying and enabling her to hold and enjoy a Rent Charge, limited to her upon her Marriage, ini the Name of her Jointure, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ziegenbein'i Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom ^c- the Bill for.naturalizing John and

4t‘ Charles Augustus Piefchelwas committed; That the

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Reverend Charles Smith, Clerk, Lord of the Manor of Sidlejin the County of *$«^t,.r,anda considerable Proprietor of Lands within the said Manor and the Parish of in the said

County, and of other Proprietors of Lands, within the same Manor and Parish, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was preferited to the Home, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the said Manor and Parish, a large Open "Waite or Common, called Sidle/ham Common, containinghy Estimation Four hundred Acres, which, in its present Situation, is of little Value, and incapable of Improveriient; and the Petitioners are de-lirous that the same may be divided and inclosed, to the End that it may be rendered more beneficial to all Persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition :, And that Mr. Elwes and Mr. Steele do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of George LezoisKohn was presented to the

House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given.to bring in a Bill, according to the Prdyer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ehvesand Mr. Hartley do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen; Bridgemen, and Burgesses, of the Town of Henley upon Thames, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting fort!), That there now is, and for a long Series of Years past hath been, a Timber or Wooden Bridge across the River Thames, the Property of the said Mayor, Aldermen, Bridgemen, and Burgesses, and their Predecessors, leading from the said Town of Henley upon Thames to the Parish of Remenham, in the County of Berks, in the High Road to London, on the great Western Road; for the Support of which Bridge, together with the Parish Church of the said Town, there are certain Sums of Money appropriated and charged on divers Houses and Tenements in and about the said To\vn, andvvhichareYearly collected by the said Bridge-men, who are Annual Officerschofcn by the said Corporation, and by theui applied for tiiofe Purposes; but which Sums, by the great Increase of travelling over the said Bridge, and the advanced price of Labour and Materials. have not been sufficient to an fiver the intended Purposes, by which Means the said Mayor, Aldermen, Bridgeihen, and Burgesses, have been several Times obliged to borrow Money on Mortgage of Part of their own Corporation E(lates, and to apply the same towards the Support of the said Bridge; and particularly in the Years 1754, 1755, and 1756, the said Bridge underwent a thorough Repair, and Part thereof was rebuilt, which coll a large Sum of Money over and above what was received at a Ferry during the Repair of the said Bridge, which is now become in a decayed and ruinous State, inso much that the same must be wholly taken down and rebuilt; and that the Road leading from the said Bridge, into the Town of Henley upon 'Thames, is very narrow, inceiriiriodious, and dangerous for Travellers, there not being Room for Two Carriages to pass; and; in order to prevent such Inconvenience, it will be necessary to take down some Almshouses, with a Power for the Corporation to purchase others in the Stead thereof, and certain other Buildings, and to lay Part of the Church Yard, and Two Small Pieces of Garden Ground now occupied with the Red Lion into the said Road; and that the Petitioners are willing to purchase a Piece of Ground, now a Garden adjoining to the Church Yard, to be added thereto, in lieu of what they propose to take away in order to widen the Road, which Exchange

Sidle fh am iuciolurc.

Kahn's N at.

Henley uponThamts Bridge.

II Gko. iit.

510 Januarii.

*39

change will be an Advantage to the Parish as well as the Public; and that (lie laid Town of is very

populous, has a large Weekly Corn Market, and is a very great Thoroughfare, and it would be of great public Advantage to have the said Town properly lighted,

'a regular Watch edablillied, and the Foot Pavements kept in good Repair; and that there are several Puddings in the Middle of the principal Street and Market Place of the said Town, which render the same narrow and inconvenient, as well to the Inhabitants as Persons resorting to the said Town and Market-; and the Petitioners apprehend some further Regulations may be necessary, for the Safety and Convenience of the Inhabitants oft he said Town and Persons resorting thereto; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for building a new Bridge, making commodious Avenues thereto, for lighting and watching the said Town, regulating the Foot Ways, removing Nuisances and Annoyances, and for eliablilliing such further Regulations as may be necoflary, with such Powers and Authorities, anti in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Parker, Lord Charles -Spencer, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Cluck, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons; Papers; and Records.

toiiflooe A Petition of Samuel Esquire, Lord of the

Ibciofure. Manor of Winstone, in the County of the

Reverend John Lotigden, Clerk, Rector of the Parish of Winstoneaforesaid, and of the leyeral other Persons, Owners and Proprietors of the Opfen and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Failures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the said Manor, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Failures, and Commonable and Waste Farids; within the said Manor and Parish, which contain, by Ellimation; about Seveti hundred and Sixty Acres; and that the Petitioner Samuel Sandys is Lord of the Manor and Patron.of the Rectory and Parish Church of Winstone, and is likewise selfed of a considerable Part of all the Lands and Estates in the said Manor and Farifli; and the Petitioner is Rector of the said Parish, and as such entitled to the Great and Small Tythes thereof; and to certain Glebe I.ands therein; and that the Lands and Grounds of the Owners and Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows and Paliures, and Commonable and Waste Lands; lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, subject to frequent Trespass'es and much Inconvenience, and are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be very advantageous to the Persons interested therein, if such Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows and Failures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Proprietors and Persons entitled thereto and interested therein, in Proportion to their respectivfe Rights Sind Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations; as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Guise and Sir William. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

WllcnfloW

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, of ibeCotmty Palatine of Chester, whose Names are there-WrtoTabscribed, was presented to the House, arid read;

Setting forth, That the Road leading from the South End of Wilmjloxo Bridge, in the Parish of,

through Nether A Iderl cy, Cdpejthorne, Sid < li 'tig ton, Mar tori', the Town of Covglelon, and also through to co-

ncur The Red Bull in Church Latvian, all in the said County, is much out of Repair, narrow and fqunderous in some Places, and cannot be sufficiently altered; widened, amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave hfay be given to bring in a Bill for altering, widening, amending, and keeping the said Road in Repair, in such Manner, arid under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition tie referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-riiine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the 1 Ioufe:

Ami it is referred to Mr. Creice, Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power td fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Philip Earl Start- Dale ari<t hope. Lord of the Manors of Dale and in the Stantoa

County of Derby; and the humble Petition of the Re- blc*0*ure*-verend James Eaton, Clerk, Parson or Incumbent of Stanton aforesaid, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being entitled to Common of Pasturage in and upon a certain Common or Waste Ground called Dale Moor, or Stanton Moor, in the said County of Derby, and also Owners and Proprietors of certain Fllates within the Manor or Parish of Dale, in the said County of Derby, having Right of Common of Pasture upon another Common or Waste Ground called Sandiacre Moor, in the said County, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth. That the said Common or Waste Ground, called Dale Moor or Stanton Moor, contains by Eilimation about One hundred and Ten Acres, and; in its present State, is incapable of any considerftble Improvement, but would be inudh increased in Value by aDivision and Inclosureof the fame; and that the said other Corn moil or Piece of Waste Ground, called Sandiacre Moor, contains by Efti-inat ion about Fifty-eight Acres, and, in its present State, is also incapable of any considerable Improvement, but would be much increased in Value by a Division and Inclosure of the fame; and that it will be for the Benefit of the Petitioners, and the said other Persons having Right bf Common upon, or otherwise interested in, the said Common or Waste Ground called Dale Moor or Stanton Moor, to have the famedivided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof made to them, according to their respective Rights and Interests; and to have a reasonable Portion of the said other Common or Waste Ground called Sandiacre Moor, also divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof made to them:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Mahon and Mr. William Pitt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Reverend Henry Wood, Doctor bf Halifax Divinity, Vicar of Halifax, in the County of and ^oaf*,frorc‘

also of the several Manufacturers of Woollen Goods frequenting the Market of Halifax, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners the Manufacturers have, at their own Expence, lately erected a large Hall for the Accommodation of the Manufacturers of Worsted and other Woollen Goods frequenting the Market of Halifax, and in the Erection thereof (though the same is not wholly finished) have expended the Sum

bf

Leedi

to

Otlry

Road.

Cocking End through Kildwick Rond.

146 31 0 januariiA. 1781.

of £. 8000 &n<i urpwards; and the said Hail, ever finfce it was built, has been used as the Market Pl.ace for such Woollen Goods, and has been found very commodious and advantageous to the Trade of the Country; and that the present Avenues and Pafluges to the Hall are narrow and inconvenient, but a very commodious one might be Opened from a Street called Southgate, near the Centre of the Town of Halifax, through a Close called Shack Field, lying immediately between the said Street and the Hall; and that the Close is Parfcel of the Lands belonging to the Vicarage of Halifax, and a very convenient Situation for building upon; and if a Road or Passage was opened through the same to the Hall; and Power given to the Petitioner Doctor Wood, and the succeeding Vicars of Half at, to grant Building Leases of the Close, under Yearly reserved Rents, the Value of the Close, and consequently of the Revenues of the Vicarage, would be much augmented; but no permanent Estate can be granted of the Ground requisite for such new Road, or of the Residue of the Close, adequate to the Money which would be expended thereon, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for euabling the Petitioners the Manufacturers to open and continue a Road from the said Street, through the said Close, to the Hall j and also for enabling the Petitioner Doctor Woodi and his Successors Vicars of Halifax, to grant Building Leases of the other Parts of the said Close, in such Man-tier as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Gc<frge Savile and Mr, Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed for the Care of the District of Road leading from the Town of Leeds to the Town of Otl in the West Riding of the Con n ty of York, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of to the Town of Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York, and the several other Districts of Roads in the said Act mentioned; and that, for the Purpose of amending the said District of Road between Leeds and Otley, several Sums of Money have been borrowed, which still remain due, on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties to arise on the said District of Road; and that the said District of Road cannot be kept in sufficient Repair, and the Money borrowed on the Credit of the 'l olls and Duties to arise thereon be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty be continued, and some further and Ot her Powers granted: A nd therefore pray in g, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Savile, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet 'lo-morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put jn Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Se-

cond, intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening, and " amending the Road from Cocking End, near Adding- ham, in the West Riding of the County of York, " through Kildwick, to Black Land End, in the Courtty " Palatine of lumtajler'' was presented to the House, and read. Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Act into Execution, and have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit thereof,

*9

which have been applied in amending thfe said Road; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money borrowed cannot be paid off, and the Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and some further and other Powers granted: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it tha|l appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Savile, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clerk bf this House had; this Day, received, from the Solicitor of Lord George Gokdoii, a Subpoena, to attend on the Trial of his Lordship for High Treason, on Monday next, in the Court of King's Benchand that at the same Time he had received an Intimation, that it might he necessary to produce,'on the said Trial, a Petition which was presented to this House in the last Session of Parliament, intituled; " A Petition of His Majesty's Loyal " Protestant Subjects of the Cities of and Weji-

minster. Borough of Sou tine ark, and their Environs." Ordered, That Leave be given to the Clerk of this lloitfe, to attend the Court of King's Bench on Monday next, at the Trial of Lord George Gordon, and to produce, at the said Trial, the Journal of this House of the last Selfio>n of Parliament, and the Petition presented to this House on the Second Day of June last, intituled, " A Petition of His Majesty's Loyal Protestant Subjects " of the Cities of Iwndon and Borough of

" Southwark, and their Environs.

A Petition of several TrufieeS appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign Of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act foramending and widening the Roads from the West End o Lane, near

" Bradford, through Ihncorth, in the County of " to a Place called Blue Bell, near Colne, in the County of Lancaster, and from a Place called The Laws, " to Kighley, in the said County of was presented

to the House and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Act i nto Execution,-and have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which have been applied in amending the said Roads; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and t he Money borrowed cannot be paid oft', and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and some further and other Powers granted; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Tetm and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Savile, Mr.;

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power td fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Militia," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, " Aa " Act for augmenting the Militia/'

Leave for Clerk of rh House to anenri tre Trai of Lord G. Gordon.

Toller Lam Roads.

Augmentii

toe Militli

21 Geo. III. 31° Januarii. 141

Ordered, That the Lord Beauchamp do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Second The House being informed that Mr. Beaehcrafl and; -^r- Drummond, Two of the Commissioners for examifk-

JPublic big, taking, and dating, the Public Accounts of tire

Accounts. Kingdom, attended at the Door; they were called in;

and, at tire Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Di rest ions of an Act of Parliament.

A Second Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, tl»e Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

And tl»e said Report was also read.

The said Report is as followeth; viz.

Tothe Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Bnrgefle®, in Parliament assembled.

The Second Report of the Commissioners, appointed to examine, take, and llate. the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

Pursuing the Line of Inquiry marV.ed out in ourFirft Report to the Legislature, namely, an Examination of the Balances in the Hands of those Accountants who receive Money from the Subje*-', to be paid into the Exchequer; that we might omit no Office of Receipt, and no Receiver of the Public Revenue under that Descrip-Appendix. tion, we obtained from the (Office of the Auditor of the y lm Exchequer, " A Lift of all toe Public Offices where

" Money is received for 'Paxes or Duties, and of the Names of all Persons ulm are Receivers of Public " Money raised upon the Sul «jest by Taxes or Duties, " and who pay the same into the Exchequer."

We have examined into the Manner in which the Public Revenue is collected, received, and paid into the Exchequer, in all these Offices, and by all these ..Receivers.

In the Customs, the Receiver General, William

0 lijk, Esquire, certified to us. That upon the 10th of . N° 2. September last there was in his Hands, exclusive of the

current weekly Receipt of the Duties of the Customs, - the Sum of Four thousand Four hundred and Twelve

J PoundsThree Shillings and Ten Pence; which Sum was

the Amount of certain Colkftions transmitted to him,

either from the Plantations, or particular Out Ports; and was to continue in his Hands no longer than until the Comptroller General, as to some Parts of it, and the Commissioners, as to other Parts, should di-

1 rest under witat Heads of Duties the several Items of which this Sum was compounded, should be arranged, and paid into the Exchequer, or otherwise dispofid of Mr. MelUJh has informed us, that. Part of this Sum has

3. been since paid by him, according to Orders of the

j Commissioners and Comptroller General; and that the

other Part thereof, amounting to Three thousand Two hundred Eighty-eight Pounds Fourteen Shillings and

3 Eleven Pence Farthing, was remaining in his Hands

the 20th Instant; this Remainder, we are of Opinion, the Commissioners and Comptroller General should in their several Departments arrange, and the Receiver General should pay according to such Arrangement as speediiy as possible.

2^4. By the Examinations of Powell, Esquire,

Chief Clerk to the Comptroller General; and of Mr. N° 5. Anthony Blinkhorn, Assistant to the Receiver General, it

appears that the Duties of the Custonis.arecollefted by Officers either in London or at the Out. Ports: In London, the Chief Teller every Day receives them from the Collectors, and pays them into the Office of the Receiver General; at the Out Ports, the Collectors remit their Receipt by Bills to the Receiver General, and are not permitted to retain in their Hands above One hundred Pounds, unlei's for special Ileafons, allowed of by the Commissioners, and by the Lords of the Treasury. The Vol. 38.

net Produce of every Duty received in each Week, is paid by the Receiver General in the following Week in* to the Exchequer.

In the Excise, we find, from the Examinations of George Lewis Scott, Esquire, one of the Commissioners, and of Richard Paton, Esquire, Second General Accountant (both annexed to our First Report) that the Collectors retain in their Hands no Part of the Duties they receive; and that the Receiver General every Week pays into the Exchequer the net Produce of this Revenue, unless some foreseen Demands in the following Week, make a Reservation of any Part of it necessary.

In the Stamp Office, weexamined Mr. James Dugdale, N° 6. Deputy Receiver General, and Mr. John First N" 7.

Clerk to the Comptroller and Accountant General; from whom we collect, that the whole Produce of these Duties, arising either from the Receipt at the Office iu London, or from Bills remitted from the Distributors in the Country, is paid every Week into the Exchequer.

In the Salt Office, Milward Row, Esquire, one of the g#

Commissioners, and Mr. John Elliot, Correspondent, N° 9. were examined: The Collectors of these Duties are continually remitting their Receipt to the Office in Bills; every Week the Account is made up, and the whole Balance paid into the Exchequer, reserving always, in the Hands of the Cashier, a Sum not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, for the Purpose of defraying the incidental Expences of the Office.

In the Office for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, we learn from Mr. James Turner, one of the Commissioners, that the Riding Surveyors keep remitting to this Office, in Bills, the Duties they receive in the Country; which the Cashier pays together with what he' receives in London, Weekly, into the Exchequer, pursuant to the Act of the Ninth and Tenth of King William the Third, provided his whole Receipt amounts to more than Two hundred Pounds; reserving in his Hands such a Sum as may be sufficient for the Payment of Salaries, Incidents, and current Expences.

In the Office for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, we collect from the Examination of Mr. Joseph

Marshall, Clerk to the Receiver General, that the Duties or Rents of the Hackney Coaches become due every Lunar Month, and of the Hackney Chairs every Quarter; and these Rents being usually paid within a certain Time after they become due, the Receiver General makes a Payment of One thousand Pounds into the Exchequer every Twenty-eight Days, except that each of his Quarterly Payments amounts to Five hundred Pouikdsonly, as he then reserves in his 1 lapels a Sum so. tike Payment of Salaries, and the incidental Expences of the Office.

The Punctuality and Expedition with which the Duties collected in these Offices pals from the Pocket of 1 lie Subject into the Exchequer, leave us no Room to suggest any Alteration in the Time or Manner of paying |

in the fame.

In the Poll Office, Robert Trevor, Esquire, the Re- N° 12. ceiver General, in Answer to our Precept, return'd a Balance of Nine thousand Three hundred Fifty-eight Pounds Two Shillings in his Hands upon the f^tli of September last. From his Examination, and from those of William Fauquier, Esquire, Accountant General in G this Office, and of Mr. William Ward, Collector of the Bye and Crol's-Road Office, it appears, that this Revenue is paid into the Office of the Receiver General, either by certain Officers or Collectors in (some paying

every other Day, some Weekly, and some Quarterly) or by Remittances in Bids from the Post Mailers in the Country, who do not keep the Money they receive, any considerable Time in their Hands. The Collector of the Bye and Cross Road Office makes his Payments to the Receiver General Quarterly, and to the Amount of about Fifteen thousand Pounds each Quarter. The Receiver General pays into the Exchequer Seven

O o hundred

£ 9>35®-

31° Januartu

Second Report of Couuauftouerf of Public Accounts.

N° 16. N® 17.

00

H

CO

<T5

N®i$.

N® 19

Hat

o

cr>

O

N* 20,

N° 21

N# 22.

co

co

VD

N® 23.

vn

o

VO

o

N° 24.

142

hundred Ponndsevery Week.pursuant to the Act of the? Ninth and Teiv h of Queen Anne, Chapter the 10th, and the Balance in his Hands he pays in every Quarter, re-fervidgabout Five thousand Pounds to answer incidental Warrants from the Board, to pay Salaries and other Expences of the Office.

There are Four Branches of the Revenue which are Collected not under the Direction of Commissioners, but bvfingle Persons only: These ar<*, the First Fruits, and the Tenths of the Clergy; and the Deductions of Six Pence, and of One Shilling, in the Pound out of Pen-lions, Salaries, Fees, and Wages.

We examined Edward Mulfo, Esquire, the Receiver, and John Bacon, Esquire, the Deputy Receiver, of the First Fruits; who informed 11s that this Revenue is received from the Clergy, at the Office in London; that at the End of October, or the Beginning of November, in every Year, this Receiver pays into the Exchequer the ttet Receipt of the preceding Year, ending 31st of December; and that the Balance of this Duty, in his Hands, upon the 30th of November last,. was Four thousand Three hundred Thirty-two Pounds Eight Shillings and Eleven Pence Three Farthings.

Robert Chester, Esquire, the deceiver of the Tenths, being examined, we find that, these Payments become due from the Clergy every Chthat they ought to be made before the last Day of following, and if they are not made before the 3 ill of he delivers an Account of the Defaulters into the Exchequer; that he receives these Payments, together with the Arrears of former Years, during the following YYar, ending at Christmas, to which Time he makes up his Yearly Account, and in the Month of June or July after, he has, for the last Three Years, paid into the Exchequer the net Receipt of the preceding Year; and it appears, that, upon the 20th of December last, the Sum in his Hands was Nine thousand Eight hundred and Ninety Pounds and Two Pence Halfpenny,

Both these Dues from the Clergy are granted in pnr-fuance of the Second and Third of Queen Anne, Chapter 11 th, to the Corporation called The Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy. These Governors usually hold their first Meeting some Time in November every'Year, a short Time before which it has been customary for these Receivers to make their Payments into the Exchequer.

Thomas AJlle, Esquire, Receiver of the Sixpenny Duty, collects it from the Offices and Persons charged, either Quarterly, Half Yearly, or Yearly, according to the Practice of the Office or Person he receives it from: He has no stated Times for his Payments into the Exchequer, except that in March or April, every Year, tie pays in the Balance then in his Hands, of his last Year's Collection. By his Return to us, upon the 16th of December last, the Sum of Six thousand Eight hundred Eighty-one Pounds Seven Shillings and Eleven Pence, was then remaining in his Hands; but this Sum, as he has since informed us, he has paid into the Exchequer, together with the Balance of his Year's Account, ending the 5th 111 ft ant.

Richard Carter, Esquire, Receiver of the One Shilling Duty, collects it from different Offices, at different Times: He usually makes Payments every Quarter into the Exchequer, and Once a Year pays in the Balance. The Sum in his Hands, upon the 20th October last, was Two thousand and Fifty Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Seven Pence; and he has since signified to us that he has paid the same into the Exchequer.

The Intention of that Clause in the Act, which di-rests our first Inquiries to the Public Money in the Hands of Accountants, is, that the Public may the sooner avail themselves of the Use of their own Money: one of the indispensable Means of obtaining this End is, to accelerate the Payments of the Revenue into the Exchequer,

A. 178 f.

25*

Out of the Revenue of the Poll Office the Act of Queen Anne orders a Payment of Seven hundred Pounds every Weeks into the Exchequer, and assigns as a Reason, " the railing a present Supply " of Monies for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's most necessary Occasions." The necessary Occasions of these Times, require Payments as large and as frequent as can be made. It appears from an jgi Account of the net. Produce of the Revenues of the Poll Office at the Time the Act of Queen Anne passed, and from the Accounts of the present weekly Receipts N® 26. of these Revenues, and of the Balances paid Quarterly N* 27. into the Exchequer, transmitted to us from the Receiver General, that the Revenues of this Office are much increased, and that the current Weekly Receipt willfup-ply a much larger Payment than Seven hundred Pounds.

Weare therefore of Opinion, that I he Method of paying the Balance every Week into the Exchequer, established in the Customs, Excise, and other Offices above-mentioned, should be adopted in the Poll Office; and that the Receiver General should every Week pay the net Balance of his Receipt into the Exchequer, reserving in his Hands no more than is necessary to answer the current Payments and Expences of the Office.

It appears to be customary for the Receiver of the First Fruits to detain in his Hands the Produce of the whole Year, until Eight or Nine Months after that Year is ended, besides receiving the current Produce ofthofe Months; and for the Receiver of the Tenths to detain in his Hands, for at least a Year, the Whole of this Duty received by him before the 31st of May in each Year,

(at which Time he delivers a List of the Defaulters into the Exchequer) besides receiving the current Produce of that Year. It appears likewise, that the Receivers of the Sixpenny and Shilling Duties do not pay into the Exchequer the whole Produce of these Duties as they receive them. All such Detentions are, in our Opinion, a Disadvantage to the Public, and liable to Abuse. There exists no Reason why the Public should not have the Custody and Use of Public Money, rather than an Individual, until the Service to which it is appropriated, of whatever Nature that Service may be, calls for its Application: The public Coffers are the safe Repository for Public Money.

One Purpose, among others, expressed in the Act that appoints us, is, that any Defect in the presents Method of collecting the Duties may be corrected, and that a less expensive one may be established; and we are expressly directed to report such Regulations as in our Judgment shall appear expedient to be established, in order that the Duties may hereafter be received in the Manner the most advantageous to the Public.

We therefore, in Obedience thereto, think it our Duty to subjoin One Observation that has occurred to us during the Progress of our Inquiries.

The Land Tax, and the Duties arising from Stamps,

Salt, Licences to Hawkers and Pedlars, and from Hackney Coaches and Chairs, are under the Management of Five separate and distinct Boards of Commissioners, consisting of Twenty-five in Number: The Amount N°a8. of the gross Produce of the last Four of these Duties, by the Returns made to our Precepts, is Eight hundred Thirty-one thousand One hundred Twenty-six Pounds Three Shillings and One Penny Three Farthings; of the net Produce, Seven hundred Sixty thousand Five Hundred Forty-eight Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Six Pence. The Time in which the Commissioners are usually engaged in transacting the Bufinefe of their several Offices is as follows: The Attendance of the Commissioners of the Land Tax, at their Office, is Thrice a Week; of the Stamp Office, Thrice a Week; of the Salt Office, Twice a Week; of Hawkers and Pedlars,

Once a Week; of Hackney Coaches and Chairs, Once a Week.

We are aware, that the comparative Produce of different Duties, is not alone a Criterion, by which we may

judge

N®

29.

it Geo. HI. 31° Januarii, 143

judge with Precision and Certainty of the Time Trouble, Expence, and Number of Officers necessary to be employed in the Management of them; to have formed an accurate and dec ifive Opinion tipon this Point, it would have been necessary to have entered into an Examination, which would have carried us too far from the Objedof our present Inquiry; but we are of Opinion* that the ftnall Produce of some of these Duties, and the short Time in Which each of these Five Boards are able to transact their Business, are Circumstances which induce a strong Preemption, that so many Estab-lifliments are not necessary for the Management of these

A P P E

Branches of the Revenue; and which lay a reasonable Foundation for an Inquiry, whether there may not be formed a Consolidation of Offices beneficial to the Public; This Suggestion we submit to the Wifdoih of the Legislature. n

Office of Accounts, GnyCarleton, (L. S.)

Bell Yard, T. Angttijk, (L. S.)

3ilbo(January^ 1781. A. Piggott, (L* S.)

Rich* Ncave, (L. S.)

Sam1 Beachcroft, ( L. S.)

Geo. Drummond, (L. S.)

N D I X.

N* 1.

A L I S T of all the Public Offices, where Money is received for Taxes or Duties, and of the Names of all Person».who are Receivers of Public Money (omitting the Receivers General of the Land Tax) raffed upon the Subject by Taxes or Duties, and who pay the same into the Exchequer.

The Culiom House,

Excise Office,

Si amp Office,

Poll Office,

Salt Office,

flawkeis and Pedlars Office,

First Fruits Office,

Tenths Office,

Hackney Coach and Chair Office,

Receivers of the Land Tax, Duty upon Houses and Windows, and TaX upon Men Servants.

Thomas AJlle, Esquire, Receiver of the Deductions of 6d. per Libr. on Pensions.

Rickard Carter, Esquire, Receiver of the Deductions of is, per Libr. on Pensions.

Exchequer, the 5th Day of December 1780.

John Hughfon,

N*

The Account of the Public Money now remaining in my Hands, Custody, or Power, as Receiver General of

His Majesty's Customs.

Bahama IslandV, Jackson -

Sandy Pointy St. Christopher's, Bennet Colle6fcor Roseau, Dominica, Senhouse Collector - .

D°, - - - Dewar late Collector

Kingdom Jamaica, Trelazvney late Colit dor -D°, D* - Davison Collector -

Montego Bay, D*, Hamilton Collector -Savannah la Mer, D % Swiney Collector Grenville in Grenada, Prouctfoot CoWt&or Wear, per Bur ridge -Hull, Burrow, Mu Ids Nerve a/Je, Sunderland, Mulds Rochester, Nightingale, Mulds Shoreham, Pelham, Salary -Chepjtoiv, Davis Collector -Cowes, Read late Collector Cowes, Gill late Collector -Dartmouth, Tremlett late Collector Deal, Lance late Collector Minehead, Adams late Collector -Penzance, Scobell Collector Sandwich, Sayer late Collector Shoreham, Crowley late Collector

60

169

5!7

455

25

*>35°

136

2

92

300

160

15 4

3 6

10 —

— 5

11 9 3 7

10 9

x —

12

6

66

20

4

25

10 —

8 5i 6

11 lof

10 3l

9

4 *1

a 5l 2 7i 16 4^ 4 4

4,412 3 10

Comptroller General to direct the Application. D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

Does not appear on what Account this was paid. Commissioners to direct the Application.

D*

D"

D*

Comptroller General to direct the Application. D"

D*

D°

D*

D*

D*

D* r-.

D*

Besides these Sums, I have daily a running Calli in my Hands, from £. 1,000 to £. 100,000, and sometime* . more, which is paid Weekly into the Bschequer.

Blyth, W. MeUish,

10th September 1780.

Vox.. 38. N*$.

Secbftd Report of Commissionerf of Public Accounts

Stcondj R«pott df ComirwffioncFt

of Publ.c Account*.

144 31 0 Januarii. 1781.

N*j„

To the Commissioners of the Public Accounts. Gentlemen,

The Sum of £.4,412. 3. 10. which was in my Hands on the ioth September last, according to the Return made to you of that Date, was the Amount of certain Collections transmitted to me, either from the

Plantations or particular Out Ports, and to continue in my Hands no longer than until the Comptroller General, as to some Parts, aryd the Commissioners of the Customs, as to other Parts, thouid direct to what Heads of Duties the Items of which this Sum was compounded should be arranged, and paid into tike Exchequer, or be otherwise -disposed of.

The following Sums have been applied by the Comptroller General, and were paid into the Exchequer. v,

1780.

Sept. 20th. 061. 4.

1781,

Nos. Stb.(

Dec. 29th. Jan. 10th.

Sandy Point, St. Christopher's, Bennet Collector - - .

Kingston, in Jamaica, DavifonColleftor ——

And also the Sum of £. 225 was paid to William Bruce, for Rent of the?

Custom House at Tobago -

' Chepstow, Davies Collector ——

Corves, Bead late Collector ——

D°, Gill late Collector ——

Deal, Lance late Collector -

Minehead, Adams late Colte&or ——

Penzance, Scobell Collector - - - - -*-

Sandwich, Sayer late Collector -

k Shoreham, Crawley late Collector -

Montego Bay, Jamaica, Hamilton, Part of £. 136. 11. <7.

Grenville in Grenada, Proudfoot ....

Paid W" Bruce, as above-mentioned ——

And the following Sums were paid by me into the Hands of the Receiver of the Superannuation Fund, on the 15th September, by Order of the Commissioners;

Hull, Burrow Collector, Mulcts ——

Nmcastle, Sunderland Collector, D° - -

Rochester, Nightingale Collector, D° ——

Shoreham, Pelham Collector, Salary - -

The remaining Sum still remains in my Hands unappropriated

£.169 15 4*

17 3 6

Custom House, January 20th 1781.

I-

6 9t

6 11 ioj-

10 3t

4

m 1 5r

20 2 7*

4 16 41

25 4 4

82 1 9

9* 10 9

225 AM

300:

160 - -

12 10 -

6 s rA 3 +

1,123 8

3,288 *4 nf

4,412 3 IO

W. Mel

N* 4

The Examination of Joshua Potoett, Esquire, Chief Clerk to the Comptroller General of the Customs j taken upon Oat h, 14/th December 17 80.

This Examinant faith. That he is Chief Clerk to the Comptroller General of the Customs; in which Office he has been above Thirteen Years.

It is the Business of his Office to keep the Accounts of all the Collectors, who are the Persons that receive all the Duties of the Customs; most of these Collectors are nominated by the Treasury, and appointed by the Commissioners; some of them are appointed by Patent: The Number conftfts of Five in London, and Seventy-two in the Out Ports.

The Collectors in London send to the Office of the Comptroller General, a weekly Account of what they have received, under the distiwet Heads of Duties, of what they have paid to the Receiver General, and upon Debentures or otherwise; the Debit of which Account is signed by the Collector, and by his Comptroller, by the Surveyor and Surveyor General; except the Account of the Collector of the Duties on Coals, which is signed by him and by the Coal Comptroller only. . *

The Collectors of the Out Ports fend up every Month to the Board, an Abstract of their Receipts and Payments. This Abstract is sent to the Comptroller General, who transtnits to the Commissioners of the Customs an Account of the Balances due from each Collector, taken from these Abstracts; which Ac-coqAt they fepd to the Treasury. The Collectors are 21

not permitted to keep more than One hundred Pounds in their Hands, unless for some good Reasons, allowed by the Commissioners, and by the Treasury.

They also, every Quarter, fend up to the Board, Books containing all their Transe&ions of that Quarter; which Books, after they are examined, and signed by the Examiner, and Surveyor General of the Out Ports, aFC sent the Comptroller General's Office.

The Comptrollers, likewise, of the Out Ports fend up, at the same Time, their Account of the same Tran factions, which is a Check upon die Accounts of die Collector.

Every Collector fends up likewise annually to the Office, an Abstract of the Year's Transactions, which Account is signed by himselfand his Comptroller.

From these Books and Abstracts the Comptroller General makes up the General Account every Year, and pafles it in the Office of the Auditor of the Im-prest; the last declared Account is for the Year 1769, but all the Accounts are delivered into the Auditor's Office down to the Year 1777 inclusive, and in about a Fortnight, that for the Year 1778 will be delivered «n also.

The Account passed in the Auditor's Office by the Receiver General, is the Cash Account; that passed by the Comptroller is the general Account.

Guy Carleton,

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond.

N*5.

21 Geo. Ill

31° Januarii.

!45

n*5.

The Examination of Mr. Anthony , Af-

fistant to the Receiver General of the Customs; taken upon Oath, the nth December 1780.

This Examinant faith. That the Money received from the Customs in London is daily paid into the Receiver General's Office, by the Chief Teller, and, every Saturday is carried to the Bank; the Bills for the Duties received at the Out Ports are also trans-niitted to the Receiver General, and he fends them to the Bank to be received. Every by the constant Practice of the Office, the Receiver General gives the Chief Teller a Draught upon the Bauk, for the whole Amount of the Balances of every Duty paid in the Saturday preceding, and for the Caflx received for

Bills brought to Account, to be paid into the Fxehe-ques; and the Chief Teller brings back Tallies for those Payments, and delivers them to the Receiver General.

The Year's Accounts are made up to the 5th of January every Year, and are passed by the Auditors of the imprest.

A.

Guy Carleton,

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich* Neave,

Sam1 Bcachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

Duties received for the Stamps they dispose of, chiefly Second by Bills. On the 2d of August every Year, each

i - o J n J _ ConvvHfionc«4

Distributor makes up his Account, lwearsto it before a of Public Justice of Peace, and transmits it to the Commis-. Accouuw. sioners, who deliver it to the Comptroller. These Distributors, as lie has heard and believes, give Security to the Commissioners, proportioned to the Extent of their DillriCI; and he never heard any Complaint of their keeping the Duties in their Hands. The Comptroller swears to his Accounts every Year before the Barons of the Exchequer, and pafles them in the Office of the Auditor of the Imprest; and the Account* of the Comptroller include those of the Receiver General. The Number of the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties is Five, and they meet every other Day, and ofteuer, if necessary, upon the Eufiixels of the Office.

John Lloyd.

Guy Carleton,

T. Angvish,

A Piggoft,

Jlichd Neave,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 8.

The Examination of Milwar , Esquire, one of the Commissioners of the Salt Office; takeu upon Oath, the 12th December 1780.

N*6.

The Examination of Mr' James Dug dale. Deputy Receiver General of the Stamp Duties; taken upon Oath, the 1 ith December 1780.

This Examinant faith. That all Stamps issued from the Office in London, are paid for in ready Money; those issued into the Country, argJTent from the Ware-house to Persons called Distributors, who are appointed by the Treasury, and who remit the Money due from these Stamps, to the Receiver General, by Bills of Exchange.

That the Whole of the Money received at the Office, and Bills when turned into Cash, are, by an Order, signed by the Commissioners, paid Weekly into the Exchequer. The whole Account of these Duties is every Year made up to the 2d of inclusive, and the Balance remaining paid into the Exchequer; and the Receiver passes his Yearly Account in the Office of the Auditor of the Imprest.

Ja‘ Dugdale.

Guy Carleton,

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N‘7.

The Examination of Mr. John Lloyd, First Clerk to the Comptroller and Accountant General of the Stamp Office; taken upon Oath, the 14th of December 1780.

This Examinant faith, That he has been in this Office about Fifteen Years; and that it is one Branch of his Business to keep the Accounts of the Distributors of the Stamps in the Country; by Order of the Commissioners, he charges the Distributors, who are in Number about Fifty-five, with the Stamps respectively sent to them, and they keep remitting every Day the Vol. 38.

This Examinant faith, That the Duties on Salt are received by Persons in the Country, called Collectors, appointed by the Commissioners, and who an- continually remitting to the Board the Duties collected by them, in Bills; which Bills are sent to the Cashier, who receives them when'due; and the Monday after the Bills are, paid, the Account is made up, and on the next Wednesdaythe whole Balance is paid into the Exchequer, rei'erving always in the Hands of the Caftiier a Sum not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, for the Purpose of paying incidental Expences. The Accounts are Yearly made up to the 5th of April, and are sworn to by Three Commissioners, before the Cnrfitor Baron of the Exchequer.

M. Rowe.

Guy Carleton,

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

RichdNeave,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 9.

The Examination of Mr. John Elliott, Correspondent in the Salt Office; taken upon Oath, the 19th of December 1780.

This Examinant faith, This Duty is- paid at the Salt Works, by the Proprietor of the Works, to the Collectors in the Country.

The usual Practice is this: — The Charge of the Duty is made upon the Proprietor by an Officer, appointed by the Office to deliver the Salt j lie enters in a Book, called the Score Book, the Quantity delivered, the Time when, and to whom. From this Book the Supervisor makes a Charge upon the Proprietor, for the Information of the Collector; who, from this Charge, receives the Duties every Week, or oftener if necessary, or Bonds for those Duties, pursuant to the Act of Parliament.

The Collector generally remits to the Board every Week, by Bills, nearly the Whole of the Week's Col-

P p Jection,

Second stepoti of Commissiontt-t of Public Accounts.

146 3 i0januarii. A. 1781.

lection, ns far as he can procure Bills for that Purpose: He is not permitted to retain more Money in his Hands than is necessary to answer the current Expences of his Office.

'1 he Supervisor fends up to the Board, every Week, an Account current of the Trans.i6tions of the Week, signed by the Collector and himself, for the Information of the Board; and every Month the Collector makes up his General Account of all his Receipts, Remittances and Payments, and fends it up to the Board, signed by hims-lf.

The General Accounts of the Office are made up to the 5th of April every Year, bnt cannot be completed until near a Year afterwards, for want of being able to procure the Accounts of the Fish Curers.

The Number of Commissioners are Five, and they meet-generally twice a Week, and oftener if Business requires it.

John Elliot.

Guy Carleton,

T. Anguijhy A. Piggolt,

Rich* Neave, / .

Sam1 Reachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 10.

- >

The Examination of Mr. James Turnery One of the Commissioners for lrcensing Hawkers and Pedlars; taken upon Oath, the 13th of December 1780.

This Examinant faith. That he has been, fof near Forty Years, a Commissioner for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars.

The Duties arising from the Licences granted by this Office, are received either by the Cashier in London, or by Eleven riding Surveyors in the Country. Thpfe Surveyors keep remitting to the Office, by Bills, the Duties received by them for the Licences they dif. pose of; a Monthly Journal of which they usually fend up to the Office; and in the Month of June, every Year, they generally come to London, to settle their Year's Accounts, return the Licences undisposed of, and pay in the Balance due from them: They are directed never to keep more Money in their Hands than is sufficient to pay their Salaries.

The Money received at the Office, and from Bills, is paid by the Callher, in consequence of a General Order of the Board, every Wednesday, into the Exchequer, pursuant to the Ninth and Tenth of William the Third, provided it amounts to more than Two hundred Pounds, reserving stich a Sum as may be sufficient for the Payment of Salaries, Incidents, and current Expences of the Office; and the Cashier brings to the Board the Tallies for the Sums paid in.

The Commissioners make up their Accounts Yearly, swear to them before the Barons of the Exchequer, and then they are sent to the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest, to be examined and passed.

The Commissioners are Three in Number; they usually meet on a Thursday, if they have any Business. At the Time of granting Licences, about

they attend Eight or Ten Bays together; at other Times they frequently do not meet for a Month together, unless Business requires it.

Ja‘ Turner.

Guy Carleton,

T. Anguish,

Geo. Drummond.

N* it.

The Examination of Mr. Jofep/t Marshall, Clerk to the Receiver General of the Duties on Hackney Coaches and Chairs; taken upon Oath, the

13 th of December 1780.

This Examinant faith. That the Duties arising from the Rents of Hackney Coaches and Chairs, are all paid to the Receiver General, at the Hackney Coach Office hi London, in the Name of the respective Proprietors of the Licences or Figures. The Payment for each Coach ought to be Twenty Shillings every Twenty-eight Days, or Fourteen Days after; and for each Chair Two Shillings and Six Pence every Quarter Day, cr Fourteen Days after; and the full Payment is usually made within Two or Three Months after it becomes due. The Number of Coaches are One thousand, and of the Chairs Four hundred. Of these Duties Thirteen Payments are always made by the Received General every Year, into the Exchequer. In T hree of the Quarters, the Payments are generally Two of One thousand Pounds each, and One of Five hundred Pounds; in the other Quarter, Three of One thousand Pounds each, and One of Five hundred Pounds. In those Months when the Five hundred Pounds only is paid, a Sum is reserved for the Payment of the Quarterly Salaries of she Officers, and the incidental Expences of the Office. These Payments into the Exchequer are made according to the usual Course of the Receiver's Office, without the Intervention of the Commissioners; the Tallies for the Payments are brought to the Office, and the Receiver General makes out a Certificate of the Receipts, Payments, and Remains for the Month, which he signs, and carries to the Board; the Regiller copies the Account, which the Commissioners sign, and certify to the Treasury.

The Accounts of the Office are usually made up to the 5th of July about the Christmas following; and the whole Balance is then paid into the Exchequer.

After the Commissioners have examined the Accounts, they are carried to the Office of the Auditor of the Imprest to be passed, and the Receiver General swears to them, before the Barons of the Exchequer.

T here are Five Commissioners in this Office, and they meet once or twice a Week, as the Business requires.

Joh Marshall,

Guy Carleton,

T. Angiiifh,

Rich*Neuve,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 1 a.

2i Geo. III.

31° Januariu

HI

N* 12.

General Poll Office, London.

An ACCOUNT of Receipts and Payments by Robert Trevor, Esquire, Receiver General there, frotn the

29th of August to the 5th of September 1780.

Caffi Dr To a Balance remaining the said 29th £. s. d. Contra C* By Weekly Wages paid the Letter £. s. d.

Day of August 1780 -Tofomuch received from that Time to 15,52410 6 Carriers - . By Weekly Payment into the Exche- 40

the 5th Day of September following 2,142 10 5 quer, the 5th of September 1780 700 — —

£ 17,667 — 11 Balance - £ Paid by Incidents, since July 5th 1780 Balanueju Hand 740 16,927 — ti 17,667 — 11 7,568 18 11 9,35s 2- —

Balance as above - - £. 16,927 — 11 £ 16,927 — II

Second Report of Commissionert of Public Accounts*

R‘ Trevor.

N '13

The Examination of Robert , Esquire,

Receiver General of the Revenue of the Poll Office} taken upon Oath, 12th December 1780.

This Examinant faith, That he is Receiver General of the Revenues of the Poll Office, and appointed by Parent under the Great Seal.

The Revenue of the Poll Office is received by the Receiver General, either in London, or in the Country: In London, from the Clerks who receive the Pottage of Tetters paid at the Office; froni the Collector of the Bye and Cross Roads Letter Office; from the Collector of the Penny Poll Office, and the Sorter at the chief Penny Poll Office} from the Inland and Foreign Letter Carriers; and Express Money from a Clerk in the Secretary's Office: In the Country, from the Port Mailers only. Those Clerks who receive the Postage of Inland Letters paid at the Office, and the Inland Letter Carriers pay their Receipt to the Receiver General every Monday, Wednesday, and according to a Charge made upon them by their Comptroller} except the Postage to America, which is paid once a Quarter. The Collector of the Bye arid Cross Road Office pays him, about the End of each Quarter, to the Amount of Twelve or Fifteen thousand Pounds, upon an Average; and the Collector of the Penny Poll Office pays him, at the same Time, about One thousand Pounds, upon an Average. The Clerks who receive the Postage of Foreign Letters paid at the Office, and the Foreign Letter Carriers, pay in their Receipt every Wednesday, according to a Charge riiiide upon them by their Comptroller.

The PoftMasters in the Country remit their Receipt by Bills to the Secretary of the Pott Office, who delivers them to the Accountant General, and he brings them to the Receiver General, who deposits them, after Acceptance, in the Bank, to be received wheri due. He pays into the Exchequer every Tuesday Sdv'en hundred Pounds, pursuant to the Act of the Ninth of Qrieen Anne, and at the same Time fends thither a Certificate of the Balance in his Hands} and at the End of every Quarter he Pays in the Balance of his Receipt; reserving about Five thousand Pounds to airfvver thd incidental Warrants from the Board, which are codling Yot. 38.

to him continually, to pay Salaries, Allowances to Officer^, Clerks, arid Tradesmen; which Payments he does not take Credit for until the End of the Quarter} becaafe the Bill of Incidents cannot be closed until that Time. He makes up his Accounts annually, and fends them tq the Office of the Auditor of the linpreft, to be passed.

ft* Trevor.

Guy Carteton,

T. Anguish,

A. Piggolt,

Richd Neave,

Sam1 Beachcro/tf Geo. Drummond.

N* 14.

The Examination of William Fauquier, Esquire, Accountant General of the Pott Office} taken upon Oath, 15th of December 1780.

This Examinant faith, That it is one Branch of his Office to keep the Accounts of the Pott Matters in the Country; the Charge upon them is made out by the Six Inland Clerks of the Roads, and generally fefit by them every other Day to the Accountant General's Office.

The Account of each Pott Matter is sent to him Quarterly, examined and figried by the Accountant General.

The Receiver's Bill Book is sent to the Accountant General's Office every Day, by which it appears what Bills have been remitted by each Pott Matter.

The Accountant. General fends to each Pott Mailer every Quarter, an Account of the Balances due to or from him. These Accounts eahhot be made up from thte Ibveral Books until near Six Weeks after Quarter Day, therefore, until that Time, they do not knbw how much the Quarter's Charge amounts to.

THe Office expects they thall clear this Balance before the Expiration of the next Quarter; If they are above Two Quarters in Arrear, the Solid tot has Orders to proceed against them.

The Pott Matters of most of the great Towns keep confiantly remitting: and they ail giVe Security for their Offices.

There

'L

3i° Januarii.

A'. 178 x.

Second There are but few Defaulters, and those not to any Report of considerable Amount.

Cof plIbiiT W" Fauquier, Junior.

Accounts. Guy Carlctony

T. Angui/h,

A. Piggult.,

Rich4 Neave,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 15.

The Examination of Mr. William Ward, Collector of the Bye and Cross Road Office; taken upon Oath, 17th January 1781.

This Examinant faith, That he is Collector of the Bye and Cross Road Office in London, and receives this Part of the Poll Office Revenue from the Deputy Poll Matters in the Country; these Deputy Pott Matters feud up their Accounts to the Bye Road Office every Month, which Accounts are all made up about a Month after each Quarter Day, and are then transmitted back to them, with Directions to remit to him the Balance in their Hands, as soon as they can procure Bills; which Directions are complied with: These Bills are sent under Cover to the Comptroller in this Office, who enters them in a Book; he fends them to the Accountant, who likewise enters them, and delivers them to the Collector, who, after Acceptance, fends them to the Bank to be received. He pays, according to his Instructions, Quarterly, one Quarter under another, the whole Net Surplus of his Receipt in the preceding Quarter, to the Receiver General of the Pott Office; which Net Surplus has been for these laftTwo Years, between Fifteen and Sixteen thousand Pounds a Quarter.

W. Ward.

Guy Carleton,

T. Anguijhy A. Piggolty Geo. Drummond.

N° 16.

The Examination of Edward Mulfo, Esquire, Receiver of the First Fruits of the Clergy; taken upon Oath, 22d December 1780.

This Examinant faith, That the Net Receipt of the First Fruits, to the 30th of November last, now in his Hands, amounts to Four thousand Three Hundred and Thirty-two Pounds Eight Shillings and Eleven Pence Three Farthings.

The Deductions out of this Revenue amount, one Year with another, to Four hundred and Forty-eight Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence, of which Deductions he has paid, out of what he has received this Year, Two hundred and Fifty-two Pounds Ten Shillings; the Balance in his Hands, and what more he shall receive during this Month is subject to the Payment of the Residue of the said Deductions, and to no other Disbursements that he knows of.

Ever fmee he has been Receiver, he has paid into the Exchequer, between the 28th of October and the 4th of November, the Net Receipt of the Year ending the 31st of December preceding.

Edwd Mulfo.

' Guy Qark Ion y

\ T. Angui/hy.

*A.Piggott,

Richd NeavCy

Sam1 Readier of

" Geo. Drummoud.

N* 17.

The Examination of John Bacony Esquire, Deputy Receiver of the First Fruits of the Clergy; taken upon Oath, 20th December 1780.

This Examinant faith, That he receives himself all this Revenue, at his Office, in London, as it arises, from the Archbishops, Bishops, and Clergy. The Governors of Queen A?ine's Bounty, to w hom this Revenue is granted in Trust, usually meet in Ofitober or November; previous to which, the Receiver pays into the Exchequer the Year's Revenue up to the 31st of December preceding. They may, if they chuse, call upon the Receiver to pay it in as soon as the Year expires; but this has been the usual Practice of the Office for Years patt.

This Revenue is subject, in the Hands of the Receiver, to One Annuity of One hundred Pounds a Year, granted in the Reign of Charles the IId. and to the Salaries of Officers, and Fees of patting the Accounts, and to no other Purposes whatever. The Accounts are patted every Year by the Receiver, in the Office of the Auditor of the Imprest.

Jn° Bacon.

Guy Carletony T. Angui/h,

A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond.

N° 18.

Money received by Edward Mulfoy Esquire, Receiver of First Fruits, on that Account, from ift January to 30th November 1780, both inclusive, being as far as the Account is made up in this Year.

January - — 1- 233 s. 16 d. 3-f

February - - - - 37° 5 6

March - - - 241 7

April - 751 3 7*

May - - 585 4*

June - - - - 65* 7 10 j

July - - - - 2l6 12 H

August - - - 66 5 4.

September - - wT - *53 18 9

October - - 205 16 6

November - - - 1,108 4 4*

Deduct Payments made in the 4,584 18

Course of the Year, to said 30th November 1780

- 252 10 —

Net Money in Receiver's Hands,

30th November 1780 - £.4,332 8 nf

N. B. The Month December not being expired, is not made up.

Edzd* Mulfoy Recr.

First Fruits Office,

Temple, 22d December 1780.

N# 19.

The Examination of Robert Chester, Esquire; taken upon Oath, the aoth of December 1780.

This Examinant faith, That he is Collector or Receiver of the perpetual yearly Tenths of all Dignities, Offices, Benefices, and Promotions Spiritual whatsoever, granted to the Corporation of the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, which have not been legally dif-

pharged

21 Geo. III. 3i° Jdnuarii.

149

charged by any Act oi* Acts of Parliament made since the Incorporation of the fairl Company; and that the Whole of this Revenue is received at the Office in London, from or on account of the Clergy.

These Payments are duefrom the Clergy at and ought to be made before the last Day of April following; if they are not made before the 31st of May, he delivers an Account of the Defaulters into the Exchequer, but continues receiving until the End of the Year, which is the Chrijimasfollowing, to which Time

he makes up his Yearly Account; and about the End of June, or Beginning of July, in the same Year, deli-

vers into the Exchequer an Account of all Arrears received by him within the former Year, ending at the Christmas preceding.

On the 8th of June last he paid into the Exchequer a Sum, which was the Amount of his Receipt of the Tenths duefrom the Clergy at Christmas 1778, and of Arrears due before that Time, and received by him before Christmas 1 779.

The usual Time of paying this Revenue into the Exchequer, preceding the last Three Years (when he made

his Payments on the 8th and 13th of June, and ift of Second JulyJ has been in the Month of October or November, ReP°rt

- ' n r-\ , i* 1 _ 7 Cmrmiifliouei#

prior to the first Meeting 01 the Governors of Queeu of Public Anne's Bounty, which is usually in November. Accounts.

The only Payment this Revenue is subject to, in the Hands of the Receiver, is an annual Payment of Fifteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and One Penny to the Dean and Chapter of St. Paul's-, the Remainder is paid net into the Exchequer, all other Outgoings and incidental Expences being paid by the Governors of.

Queen Anne's Bounty, out of this Revenue, after it is received by them from the Exchequer.

His Accounts are passed Yearly, in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest.

Guy Carle ton,

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott, t RichdNeave,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N® 20,

ACCOUNT of the Tenths of the Clergy, which; have been received in the Twelve Years last- past, ending at Christmas 1779, as appears by the Books at the Tenths Officer

Received before Christmas 1 768, for Tenths due from the Clergy at Christmas 1767 -

Received before Christmas 1769, for D° due from D# at Christmas 1768 <

Received before Christmas 1770, for D® due from D® at Christmas 1769 - -

Received before Christmas 1771, for D® due from P® at Christmas 1770 -

Received before Christmas 1772, for D® due from D® at Christmas 1771 -

Received before Christmas 1773, for D® due from D® at Christmas 1772 -

Received before Christmas 1774, for D® due from D® at Chrijhnas 1773 Received before Christmas 1775, for D® duefrom D® at Christmas 1774

Received before Christmas 1776, for D® due from D® at Christmas 1775 . -Received before Christmas 1777, for D® due from D® at Christmas 1776 - -

Received before Christmas 1778, for D° due from D® at Christmas 1777 -Received before Christmas 1779, for D®due from D®at Christmas 1778 -

Deduct 12 Years Payment to the Dean and Chapter of St. Paul's, at £.15. 16s. id. each Year *....

Average per Ann. £.

£ s. d

9>8o3 *3 3

10,084 II 7

9,901 3

9>997 1 4

9*777 J5 '4i

9>8;d 9 6

10,043 4 6

9*865 7 4*

9,918 *3 ik

9>855 18

9*954 12 —

9,827 I ii

118,860 I I 2*

189 x3 —:

118,670 18

' 9*889 4 10

There is now in the Hands of the Receiver, which will be comprised in his Year's Account of Tenths ending Christmas Day next, 1780, jthe Sum of Nine thousand Eight hundred and Ninety Pounds and Two Pence Halfpenny; which he will be ready tp pay whenever the Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty shall think fit.

Rob1 Chester, Recr.

20th December 1780.

r unriTi — ttt

N® 21.

The Examination of Thomas AJile, Esquire, Receiver General of the Deductions of Sixpence in the Pound on Pensions, Salaries, Fees, and Wages, exceeding Fifty Pounds a Year; taken upon Oath, the 18th Decevihet 1780.

This Examinant faith, This Duty is eolJefted_by virtue of the Seventh of George the Firil, Chapter the 27th.

The Receiver General of this Duty usually receives every Quarter from the greater Offices, such as the Exchequer, Custpms, and Excise, general Certificates, signed by the proper Officers, containing the Amount Yen 39.

of the Deductiop ipade by their respective Officers, from the Pensions, Salaries, Fees, and Wages, chargeable with this Duty in these Offices.

From other Offices, particular Certificates, signed by thee proper Officers, are sent. to him, containing the Names of the Persons charged, and the Sums for which they charged.

In Conformity to these Certificates, he demands and receives these Duties from the Offices and Persons charged, some Quarterly, some Half Yearly, and some Yearly, according to the Usage of his Office.

He receives att these Duties himself; but the Sum paid at the Exchequer, which is by far the greatest Part of this Duty, and in the present Year amounts to

Q q upwards

*5

3i* Januarii. 1781.

Second Rrpnrtof Cfemtrtissioner* of Public Accounts*

upwards of Twenty-six thousand Pounds, seldom comes actually into his Hands, hut is transferred by him from the Four Offices of the Tellers, to an Account in the Office of one of the Tellers, k' pt for the Purpose of his Payments, except the odd Sums under One thousand Pounds, which he receives in Calli, unless that odd Sum amounts to near One thousand Pounds, in which same he generally makes it up to that Sum, and pays it in, it not being usual to pay in less than One thousand Pounds, except the Annual Balance.

I lis other Receipts he pays into the Exchequer at such Times as he judges moll requisite and convenient.

Part of this Duty is applied to the Payment of the Interest of one Million, borrowed of the Bank at Three per Cent, which Interest is paid at and Christ-

mat; and he always takes Care to pay into the Exchequer a Sum sufficient to enable them to advance o the Bank a Quarter's Interest, as hath been usual.

Every Year, about March of April, lie makes up his Account to the 5th of januarii, and then pays into the Exchequer the Whole of his Balance.

He pa lies, his Account before the Auditor of the Imprest, which is always declared at the Midsummer Declaration.

The Balance remaining in his Hands, on the 16th of December lustant, is Six thousand Eight hundred and Eighty-one Pounds Seven Shillings and Eleven Pence; which he intends paying into the Exchequer, at the usual Time, or l'ooner, if directed.

Thtf Aftle.

Guy Carletov,

T. Anouilh,

A. Piggott,

Richd Neave,

Sam1 Beachcroft.

N* 22.

An ACCOUNT of Monies received, and paid into His Majesty's Exchequer, by Thomas Aftle, Esquire, Receiver General of the Deductions of Six Pence in the Pound, since the Close of his last Account, ending January5 th, 1780; viz. between the said 5th Day of January and the 16th Day of this Inilunt December 1780, inclusive.

1780. ALIENATION OFFICE.

Decu;nr 1 ith. R revived Afichailmas Term 1779, and H Term 1786 Receiver Eaferand Trinity Terms 17 So «.

CHELSEA HOSPITAL.

JarC* nth. Received One Year's Deductions, ending 24th, 1777 -

CUSTOMS.

July 15th. Received a Quarter's London Salaries, between October 10th, 1778, and January17th, 1779 ——

24th. Received a Quarter's D between 3th and th, 1779

.Augvft9th. Received aQuarter's D\ between April 5th and July 5th, 1779 Sepr 28th Received aQuarter's D*, between July 5th and October 1 olh, 1779 Tgb* nth. Received a Half Year's Out Ports, ending 5th, 1780

July20th. Received Half a Year's D", - ending July 5th, 1780

EXCHEQUER.

Feb'* 24th. Received at Mr. Toionfhcnd1 s Office

at Lord D* - -

at Lord Nor thing ton's D* - -

at Lord Temple's D° -

Being Deductions f 8 th to 24th,! 779

May nth. Received at Mr. Toumjhend'sOffice

at Lord Hardwicke's D* -

at Lord s D* -

at Ixird Temple's D* -

Being Deductions from 25th 1779 to March

23d, 1780 -....

August3d. Received at the late Mr. Office, now

Mr. Pratt's ——

at Lord Hardwicke's D° at Lord Northington's D° -

at Lord Temple's D*

Being Deductions from March 24th to June 23d, 1780

Not/ 7th. Received at Lord Hardwicke's Office

at Lord Northington's D* -

at Lord Temple's D° -

at Mr. Pratf's D* -

Being Deductions from 24th to Sepr 28th, 1780

4i5 *4 M31 6

9*7 — 2,788 8

d.

ih

4*

1,808 6

2>°59 J9 -3,269 14 —

243 7 6

4f

3

*83 15

827 4

2,420 15 11 1,129 9 4

2*

4

*,874 1

1,784 11 3,016 16

539 1

39

39

s. d. 9 6 4 —

535 12 710 5

580 11

463 13

453 16 uj -89

IZ

6,552 10 — -

7>3Sl 7

L r.

78 13 6

50 5 —

4.56i 4 9t

8,214 11 3

3»°33 11

26,709 13 2

EXCISE

21 Geo. IIL 31 Januarii,

1780. EXCISE OFFICE.

Febfy 24th. Received a Quarter's London Salaries, ending January 5th, 1780 May 27th. Received a Quarter's/ D° - ending April 5th, 1780

Aug. 2;",th. Received a Quarter's D° - ending July 5th, 1780

Deer 4th. Received a Quarter's D° - ending October 10th, 1780

Feb* 24th. Received a Quarter's Country Salaries, ending January 5th, 1780 May 27th. Received a Quarter's D° - ending April 5th, 1780

ending July 5th, 1780 ending October 10th, 1780 ending October 10th, 1779

Aug. 2»sth. Received a Quarter's

D°

Dec? 4th. Received a Quarter's D°

May 27th. Received One Year's Incidents, -

HACKNEY COACHES.

May 24th. Received Half a Year's Salaries, ending July 5th, 1779

Received Haifa Year's D° ending January 5th, 1780 Received Half a Year's Incidents, ending July 5th, 1779 Received Half a Year's D° ending January 15th, 1780

HAWKERS AND PEDLARS.

July 6th. Received One Year's Deductions, ending January 5th, 1779

NAVY OFFICE.

ORr 24th. Received a Quarter's Salaries, ending at Midsummer 1779 Received a Quarter's D° ending at Michaelmas 1779

Received a Quarter's D° ending at Christmas 1779

Received a Quarter's D* ending at Lady Day 1780

Received HalfaYear'sPensions, ending June 24th, 1779 Received Haifa Year's D° ending December 24th, 1779 Received by Deductions from £. 2,000 paid to the Firit Lord of the Admiralty, from July 5th, 1779, to July ^th, 1780 Received by D* from £. 120. 5s. paid to Sir Richard Hughes, Baro net, from March 25th, 1779, to September 23d following, the Time of his Death ——

Received a Quarter's Docks and Yards, ending at Lady Day 1779

Received a Quarter's D° ending at Midsummer 1779

Received a Quarter's D° ending at Michaelmas 1779

Received a Quarter's D* ending at Christmas 1779

SICK AND HURT.

Oct. 24th. Received Half a Year's London Salaries, ending at Michaelmas 1779 Received Half a Year's D° - ending at Lady Day 1780

Received 1 Tail" a Year's Country Salaries, ending at Michaelmas 1779 Received Half a Year's D° - ending at Lady Day 1780

Received by Deductions from the Salaries of William Cowdry and John Newsham, Keepers of the Prisons of Plymouth and for ton, for Half a Year, ending at Michaelmas 1779 -

Received by Deductions from D°, for Half a Year, ending at Lady

Day 1780

Received by Deductions from Salaries paid at Bristol, Falmouth, Winchester, and Edinburgh, for Half a Year, ending at Michaelmas 1779

Received by D° from D°, for Half a Year, ending at Lady Day 1780 ——

VICTUALLING OFFICE.

Not yet received, but will be brought into the General Account.

ORDNANCE.

May 18th. Received Half a Y^ar' sDeduftions, being March and June Quarters, 1779 ....

Received Half a Year's D % being September and December Quarters, 1779

PAY OFFICE.

Aug. 21ft. Received One Year's Deductions, from December 25th, 1777, to December 25th, 1778 ——

POST OFFICE.

Mar. 22d. Received a Quarter's Salaries, ending July 5th, 1779

Received a Quarter's D8 ending October 10th, 1779 -

Aug. 25th. Received a Quarter's D8 ending January 5th, 1780

Received a Quarter's D* ending April 5th, 1780

SALT OFFICE.

7<m> 28th, Received a Quarter's London Salaries, ending July 5th, 1779

Received a Quarter's D8 - ending October 1 oth, 17 79 _ Received a Quarter's D* ~~j: — — T

Vot 3$.

£ s. d.

% 411 3 *

409 *5 11

402 S 10J

407 1 1 <4

1,067 7

1,103 7

I,°77 -4

L134 lFi 94

449 5 8i

15 7 — —

M —

8 9 ,6

cIlQIIlg KJCIOUCI 1ULII, 1 j /y

ending January 5th, 1780

227 1) —

162 6 ib

242 8 zl

161 1 101

62 — 5

58 1 3

5° — —

3 —

66 — 7

66 — 3$

66 — 7

65 19 6$

20 4 73

23 5 H

19 2 I

2176

3 ——

3 ——

9 7 6 i4 13 4

I48 IJ I 144 II II

509 *9 —

502 10 2

510 7 4

500 17 4

30 14 4i 30 14 4i 30 M 4$

*5*

s. d.

Second

Report

Commissioner*

of Public Accounts.

6,463 1 6j

46 3 6

43 4 —

1,230 14 i

ri4

293 5

2,497 10 3

2,623 13

Sept-

Second Report of Commissionert of Public Accounts.

31° Januarii.

152

1780.

Sejf. 26th. Received a Quarter's London Salaries, ending April 5th, 1780 Jany18th. Received One Year's Country Salaries, ending 5th, 1779 Received One Year's London Incidents, ending 5th April 1778 Received One Year's D® - ending 5th 1779

Felf 14th. Received Half a Year's Salaries, ending July 5th, 1779

Received Half a Year's D® ending January, 5th, 1780 Aug. 16th. Received Half a Year's D® ending July 5th, 1780 July 18 th. Received One Y'ear's Incidents, ending Align ft 2d, 1778

SCOTLAND.

1780. EXCHEQUER.

Felf4th. Received One Year's Deductions, ending iotb, 1778

EXCISE.

Aug. 23d. Received One Year's Deductions, ending at 1779

'Jtcceive^ One Year's Incidents, ending at Midsummer 1779

CUSTOMS AND SALT DUTY.

Nov. 25th. Received One Year's Deductions, ending the 10th October 1779

The above is a just and true Account of all the Deductions of Six Pence in the Pound, which have been received by me, between the 5th Day of January last, and the 16th Day of this Instant,

inclusive.

Tho. ,) Ba/lerfea Rife, ? Receiver Generali

December 18th, 1780 J

Out of which Sum the said Receiver is entitled to retain in his Hands the Balance or Surplusage due to him upon his Account, ending January5th 1780, amounting to -Also his Salary of Three Pence in the Pound, amounting to Also by a Warrant for incidental Charges attending the Execution of his Office ——

Also the Fee to be paid to the Auditor of the Imprefts Also for Bill-Money, Tallies, and other Fees, paid and to be paid at the several Offices, for obtaining a Quietus on his Annual Account, which will end on the 5th of January 1781, about

Total of the Charge -

1780. PAYMENTS.

March 14th. Paid into His Majesty's Exchequer April 28th. Paid more -May nth. Paid more -August 3d. Paid more -29th. Paid more -OSoberi'jth. Paid more -Nov. 7th. Paid more Dec. 12th. Paid more 16th. Paid more -

The Discharge Balance

A. 1781.

£ s. d. L d.

30 14 44

57 9 6-

15 18 3t

*5 16 10T

212 2 i|

99 11 3

98 4 —

92 13 9

415 18 10

706 7

U499 15 2*

242 in 24 11 8

10 15 6| 571 1 6

IOO ---- T

5° ——

33 ——

1.000

1.000

7.000

4.000

1.000

4.000

8.000

4.000

8.000

266 13 7I 376 *9 5*

45,646 4 xif

764 17 — i 44,881 7 11

38,000 —

6,881 7 11

N. B. This Balance will be paid into the Exchequer in a short Time after the Close of the Annual Account, which will end on the 5th of January 1781, according to the Usage of former Years.

The above State of my Account is just and true, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief.

Tho. AJlle,

Battersea Rife, Receiver General.

December 18 th, 1780. '

Tt

a i Geo. III.

N- 23.

The Examination of Richard Carter, Esquire, Receiver of the Deductions of One Shilling in the Pound upon Offices and Pensionsj taken upon Oath the 15th of December 1780.

This Examinant'faith. That tin's Duty is collected by vi rtue of the 31st of Geo. I hi, Chapter 22d; and such Parts of it as are stopt in the Offices in,

out of the Salaries and Pensions there issued or paid, are received by himself, some Quarterly, some Half Yearly, some Annually, according as the Smallness of the Sum, or Circumstances of the Payment, render it necessary or convenient.

The only Persons in the Country from whom he receives this Duty, are the Collectors of the Customsat the Out Ports; these Collectors return every Year, to his Requisition, an Account, signed by themselves, of their yearly Salaries and Fees, made up to the 5th of April, with a Bill for the Amount of the Duty upon them.

The Money received for this Duty is usually paid into the Exchequer, by Quarterly Payments, soon after

*53

it is received; he himself has paid it in oftener, and has reserved in his Hands about Two thousand Pounds.

The Account of the Year's Receipts and Payments has been, as he believes, usually made up once a Year, to the 5th of April, and the whole Balance remaining in the Receiver's Hands then paid into the Exchequer, and the Accounts are passed in the Office of the Auditor of the Imprest.

The only Deductions out of this Duty are the Three Pence in the Pound upon the Gross Receipt allowed to the Receiver (who pays out of that Poundage all the Expences of collecting the Duty) and Fifty Pounds paid to the Auditor of the Imprest towards passing the

Accounts. RichdCarter.

Guy Carleton, T.Anguish, A. Piggott, Richd Neave, Sam1 Readier oft. Geo. Drummond,

31° Janu

.' N* 24.

An ACCOUNT of all the Public Monies received, and paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer by Richard Carter, EsquirC, Receiver of the Duty of One Shilling in the Pound on Offices, Pensions, fife, with the Balance in his Hands, up to October 20th, 1780.

Richard Carter, Dr Per Contra C'

To Cash received at different Times, up to October 20th, I- s- d By Cash paid at sundry Times into His Majesty's Exchequer, up to I' s- d-

1780 - 14.734 *9 3l October20th 1780 -By D°for this Receiver's Poundage on £ x4.734- 19* 3$rf- at in the Pound -By D# remaining in the Hands of this Accountant, 'this 20th Day of October 1780 ... 12,500 184 3 8* 2,050 15 7

c 14.734 19 3l L M.734 ‘9 3§

The above is a true Account,

N'25.

Richard Carter.

An ACCOUNT of the Net Produce of the Revenues of the Post Office for Five Years, from Lady Day 1708 to Lady Day 1713.

From Lady Day 1708 tp Lady Day 1709

1710

17x1

1712

17*3

Net Produce.

C‘

65,200 8

65,679 17 58,903 — 84,021 9

93>749 7

d.

5

5

3

10

6

General Post Office January izd, 1781.

IF" Fauquier, Junior,

Accountant General.

N* 26.

An ACCOUNT*of the Weekly Balances in my Hands as Receiver General of the Revenues of the Post Office, for One Quarter, ending the 10th Day of October 1780, as certified by me to the Treasury.

General Post Office, December 21ft,

Vol. 38.

Balance the Quarter ending July 5th 1780 -July 11 th -July 18th -July 25th -August ift -August 8th

August 15 th * August 22d August 29th September 5th -September 12th -September 19th -September 26th -October 3d October 10th Balance of the Quarter on the October 1780 -

Rr

12th

c

6,323

6,022

7,272

9»°7I

10,530

11.741

12.742 14,074

i5>524

16,927

19,009

20,751

20,564

i8»973

2,168

5.838

Trevor,

1780. s. d.

9 —

— 2

2 6 19 10

9 3

14 4

3 *

M I

10 6 — - ir 18 4

9 8

10

7 11 18 7

1 6

Second Reporr of C omrr»iftion»i*s of Public Accounts.

*54

3i° Janudrii. 1781.

Second Report of Commissionert of Public Accounts.

., .. N# 27*

An ACCOUNT of the Quarterly Balances arising from the Revenues of the Post Office, and Money paid by me into the Exchequer, upon the Four Quarters ending the 10th Day of 1780.

General Post Office, December 22d, 1780.

January ^th 1780. April 5th 1780. faty 5th 1780. October loth 1780.

» , . f

Money paid into the Exchequer Balance then remaining Monojr paid into the Exchequer -Balance then remaining -

Money paid into the Exchequer -Balance then remaining Money paid into the Exchequer -Balance then remaining »

£ s. <r

- - 9,000 — —

- - - 5>479 5 6

- - - 30,000 — —

- - 5,642 id 3

- - - 20,000 — —

6,323 9 —

- - 9 20,000 — —

- - - 5»838 1 6

IV Trevor.

N* 28.

An ACCOUNT of the Gross Receipt, Deductions, Gross Produce, Charges of Management, and Net Produce, of the Duties arising from Stamps, Salt, Licences to Hawkers and Pedlars, and to Hackney Coaches and Chairs, for One Year.

. .1 Office. Year. ' Crols Receipt. To be deducted. Draw bacts, Bou n ties; Uifeounts. 1 Gross Produce. Charges oT Management. Net Produce.

. £ s. d. s. £. s. £ s' £. s. d.

Stamp Office - *779 537,202 12 4i - 537,202 12 4i 39,221 17 I. 497,980 15 3

Salt Office - -Hawkers and 1776 h 5 W 8 622,865 6 2| 272,624 2 9 26,410 15 7 246,213 7 2

Pedlars - -Hackney Coaches h-t 00 U7iiS - j 477 10 — 8,100 8 — 2,811 2 2 5,289 5 10

and Chairs - *777 13,200 ' 1 — — OO — i 1 1 2,133 12 9 ‘ *,065 7 3

*,454»469 *$_ 4$ 62.3,34316 2} 831,126 3 ik 7°.577 7 760,548 15 7

N* 2

The Examination of Edward Esquire, Af-

fiftaht Secretary to the Tax Office; taken upon Oath, the 2id January 1781.

This Examinant faith, That the Commissioners of the Tax Office are Seven in Number; they have no Power or Controul over the Receivers General of the Land Tax, except that, having Knowledge of the Money in their Uahds by their Quarterly Returns, and of their Payments, ipto the Expjheqqer by the Weekly Bills tra.nsmitted frorp thence to the Tax Office* the Commissioners have, the Power of directing their Solicitor to prosecute the Defaulters and their Sureties, and to reprefeiit them to the Treasury, in order to prevent their being re-appointed. _ .

The Comraiffiouers usually meet Thrice, a Week; arid Three constitute a Board. The, Bqfiness of their Meetings is to receive. and answer Letters from the Receivers General and Surveyors of the Duties upon Houses and Windowsto write to the acting Commissioners in the Country, that they may enforce Payment of the Taxes, either from the Distri^ts charged, or the Collectors, which ever of them are backward in their Payments; to approve or disapppve of the Sureties pro poled by the Receivers General; and to examine and make out the Weekly Certificate to the Treasury.

Edwd Naish.

' Guy CarIrton,

T. Anguijk,

A Figgott,

Rich* Weave,

Sam1 Jieacherojl,

Ci o.Drummond.

Ordered, That fufch a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Prize Sugars which have beep warehoused for Exportation since the Commencement of the present Hostilities with Trance and Spain; Hating the Quantities which have been warehoused in each Year.

A Motion was tfiade, and the Question was proposed. That therff be laid before this House, an Account of Letters of Marque and Reprisals granted since the prdfent War; distinguishing the Numbers granted against America, France, Spain, and Holland.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That Jacob Knockey, Messenger to the Office for Taxes, do httend this House upon this Day Seven night.

Ordered, That Edward N Esquire, Assistant Se-

cretary to the Office for Taxes, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That George Rnfe, Esquire, Secretary to the Office for Taxes, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for extending the Provisions of Three Acts, made in the 1 Eighteenth, Nineteenth, and T wentieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, with respectto bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Prizes taken from the 'States General of the United Provinces; for declaring

what

Account of

Prize Sugars

Account of Leters of Marque

Persons to attend tl House.

Prize Gooc

Call of I the Hoofe.

Joft-cd of Peace to act in fapproifteg Kiou.

| I»pormi6h I of Italian.

I Thrown Silk.

Coventry

Lection.

21 Geo. III. 31°

*55

what Goods shall he deeiried Military or Ship Stores; for regulating the Sale of, and ascertaining the Duties upon Raft India Goods condemned as Prize in the Port of London; and for permitting the Purchasers of Prize Goods condemned Abroad, to import such Goods into this Kingdom, under the like Regulations and Advantages as are granted by Law to Captors themselves: And that Sir Grey Cooper and Mr. Ord do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being read;

A Motion was made, and the Qneliion being put. That this House be called over upon Tomorrow Seven-night, the 8th Day of February next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas <Sir i ellers lor the 1 eas,f Mf Alderman It ay ley:

Tellers for the Noes T,1e Lor(l 1 ellers for the Moes, Mp de Graj.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the House be now called over.

The House was accordingly called over; and several of the Members appeared, and the Names of such Members as made Default to appear were taken down.

And the Names of the Defaulters being called oVer, several of them appeared, and several of them were excused, some upon Account of their own illness, or of the illness or Death of their near Relations, or as being in Parts beyond the S£as in the Service of the Public.

Ordered, Tlrat the Names of such Members as have made Default to appear, and have not been excused, be again called over upon Tomorrow Fortnight tire 15th Dav of Febr uary next.

Ordered, That such of the said Members as do not then atten I, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to go out of Town, without tire Leave of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Rill to enable all Persons, named in arty Oom-mission of the Peace, to act as Justices of the Peace, in the Suppression of Riots and Tumults, notwithst'a'nding the y have not taken out their Dedimus Poteftatcm; and for enabling such Justices of the Peace to take the Oath of Qualification in the Manner therein directed;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His prei'ent Majesty, for allowing the Importation of fine Organzined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Robmjon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Robinson reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Attendance of Mr. Thomas Noxon and Mr. Thomas Butler, late Sheriffs of the City of Coventry;

Vol. 38.

They were brought in to the Bar.

And the Return made by them for the said City was again read.

Then the said Thomas Noxon and Thomas were

heard; and desired to oiler Evidence, and to make their Defence by Counsel.

And then they were directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Queliion being proposed. That Tljomas Noxon and Thomas Butler, late Sheriffs of the City of Coventry, have Leave to be heard, by Connfel, in their Jullification;

The House was moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 24th Day of March 1714, and the 11 th Day of April 1715, of the Proceedings of tlife House, in relation to the Special Return for the County of Leicester, might be read.

And the same Were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Petition of Edward Roe Yeo, Esquire, and John Baker Holroyd, En-

quire; and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and several Hundred other Freemen of the City of Coventry, and entitled to vote in the Election of Citizens to represent the said City in Parliament, complaining of the Conduct of the said Sheriffs, which were presented to the House upon the 20th Day of might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Thomas Noxon and Thomas Butler have Leave to be heard, by Counsel, in their Jullification.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That the further Confederation of the Matter of the Return of the late Sheriffs of Coventry, and of the several Petitions presented to this House upon the 20th Day of November last, relating to the said Return, be adjourned till after the Determination of the Merits of the lait Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the said Thomas Noxon and Thomas Butler were again brought in to the Bar; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Petition of Edicard Roe Yeo, Esquire, and John Baker Holroyd, Esquire; and also the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and several Hundred Other Freemen of the City of Coventry, and entitled to vote in the Election of Citizens to represent the said City in Parliament,-complaining of the Conduct of th*; said Sheriffs, being read to the said Thomas Noxon and Thomas Butler >

The said Thomas Noxon and Thomas desired to be heard, by their Counsel, against the Matters contained in the said Petitions.

And then they were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That Leave be given to the said Thomas Noxon and Thomas Butler, to be heard by their Counsel, agaiivft the Allegations and Charges against them Contained in the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the said Sheriffs and their Counsel, and also the Counsel for John Baker Holroyd, Esquire, (now Lord Sheffield in the Kingdom of and

Edward Roe Yeo, Esquire, and also the Counsel for Sir Thomas Hallifax, Knight, and Thomas Rogers, Esquire, be called in; and that the Counsel on the Part of Lord Sheffield and Edward Roe Yeo, Esquire, be di-

rested, in the Firit Place, to proceed in Support of the Allegations of their Petition.

Then the said Sheriffs, and the Counsel for the said several Parties, were called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And then they were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Attendance of the said Sheriffs, and the further Consideration of the several

Petitions,

Gootj

156 31° Januarii. — 1 A. 1781.

Petitions, which were this Day ordered to be taken into Consideration, be adjourned till this Day Seven-night.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

W»ys Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Montand Means. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means forraifing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy i° Februarii;

Anno at* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

New Radnor I ''HE Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, ac-Election. cording to Order,'amended the Return for the

Borough of New Radnor, in the County of Radnor.

Clackford A Petition of the Governors, Matters, Poof Men,

Inclosure. and Poor Women, in and of the Hospital of Sexly, Esquire, in Bruton, in the County of Lords of the Manor of Blackford, in the Parish of more, in the County aforesaid, and of John Pigot, John Hunt, Esquires, Sir Charles Tynte, Baronet, Henry William Port man, Thomas Henry Hoare, Thomas Horner, William Provis, Edward Phelips, the Younger, and John Old Goodford, Esquires, all of the said County of Overseers and Visitors

of the said Hospital, and of the Possession9, Rents, Revenues, and Estates thereof, and also of Edmund Bowie, Edward Champenny, Philip Chapman, and several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having Right of Common upon the Moors or Commons hereunder described, was presented to the House, and read 5 Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor of Blackford, Four Moors, or Commons, called Moor, Blackford Moor, Blackford Ham, and Hare Pit, containing in the Whole, about Nine hundred Acres j and that the said Moors or Commons are not, in their present State, of much Benefit to the Persons interested therein, but would be considerably improved, were the same drained, divided, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for allotting, draining, dividing, and inclosing the said Moors or Commons, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Poulett, Mr. Allen,

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nino of the Cloek, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Kent Street Mr. Filmer Honywood reported from the Committee, to to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for put-

Dartford, &c. jn Execution several Acts of Parliament, made in oa s‘ the Fourth and Sixth Years of the lleign of his Majesty King George the First, the Eleventh ami Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads from the Stone's End in Kent Street and BennondJ'ey Street, Southwark, to

Dar/ford, and to the Extent of the Parish of next Bromley and Beckeiiham, in the County of and from the End of the present Turnpike to the Well End of Stroud Green, and to Farnborough and to The

Slone's End in Iwndon Street, Greenwich, and to the North End of Burnt Ash Lane, in the Parish of Lee, and from the West End of Greenwich Park to

Woolwich Warren, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative 1o Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he rend the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. TrijlramEverefl, being examined, said. That a

considerable Progress hath been made in repairing the Roads comprized in the said Acts; in doing which, the Tolls, together with a considerable Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly expended; that the present Term being near expiring, the said Debt cannot be paid off, unless it be further continued $ nor can the Roads be completely amended and kept in Repair, unless such Continuation of Term be granted; and further Powers given; and that the said several Acts would be more conveniently executed, if the same were reduced into and made One Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more cft'eftually repairing the several Roads leading from The Stone's End in Kent Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Southwark\ to and from The Stone's End in BermondJ'ey Street to the Turnpike near

Saint Thomas a Waterings, in the said Parish of Saint George, and from the Turnpike Road near Deptford Bridge to The Stone's End in London Street, in the Parish of East Greenwich, and from The - Six Mile Stone orv Blackheath, near the West End of Greenwich Park JVali, to Woolwich Warren, and from The Lime Kilns in Eojl Greenwich, to join the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Lewi/ham, and from New Cross, in the Parish of Deptford, to Famborough Well, and from the first Pond at South End, in the said Parish of Lewi/ham, to the West End of Stroud Green, in the Parish of Croydon, and from the Turnpike Road near Lewi/ham Bridge to the North End of Burnt Ash Lane, in the Parish ofZ.ee, in the

Counties of Kent and Surrey; and for repealing to much of several Acts of Parliament, uow in Force, as relates to the said Roads: And that Mr. Filmer Honywood and Mr. Marsham ,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Commissioners for cleansing and making navigable the Channel from The Hythe at Col-chester, in the County of Essex, to in the said

County, whose Name3 are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Borough and Towns adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That several Acts have parted, in the Reigns of King James the First, King William the Third, King George the First, and King George the Second, for cleansing and making navigable the Channel from The Hythe at Colchester to Wivenhoe; and that, by an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of his said late Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for making more efi'eftual several Acts of Parliament, parted for cleansing and making navigable the " Channel from The Hythe at to Wivenhoe,

" in the County of Efex. and for repairing and cleansing the Street s of the Town of Colchester," a Duty of Six Pence per Chaldron was laid upon Sea Coals, for the Term of Thirty Year;, and divers Powers were

given.

Colchester Streets, &c.

Newbold

VfTden

Inclosure.

Tam worth Rwads«

21 Geo. III. i° Februarii. 157

given, as well for cleansing the said Channel, and supporting the Navigation thereof, as for cleansing and repairing the said Streets and Lanes, which Act will expire at the End of the present Session of Parliament; and that, without some farther Provision for supporting the said Navigation, it will be entirely loft, and the said Streets and Lanes will soon be in a ruinous Condition, unless some farther Powers are given to compel the repairing thereof; and that the Spouts fixed to many of the Houses in the said Streets and Lanes, and conveying the Water into the Middle of the Foot Path, are very inconvenient; and t here arealfo many other Annoyances in the said Streets and Lanes, which ought to be removed, and it is moreover dangerous to pass through the same in the Night, for Want of a proper Number of Lamps: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the effectual cleansing of the said Channel, and supporting the Navigation thereof, and for cleansing and repairing the said Streets and Lanes, and for removing Annoyances therein, and for lighting the said Streets and Lanes, or to grant such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Smyth, Mr. Rigby, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Commons, and Estates, situate, lying and being within the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea lows, and other Commonable Lands, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of Nezcbold in the County of

Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, in the said Parish and Liberties, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Linds, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels in and over the fame, and in their present Situation, are incapable of any eonliderable Improvement; and it would be very advantageous to the Petitioners, if the same w'ere divided and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, in proportion to their respective Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of Newbold Verdeii aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hunger ford, Mr. Pochin, and Mr. Darker, do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair* the High Roads from the Borough of " Tamworth to Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of

" Leicester, and from Saioley Ferry, in the said County,

" to a Turnpike Gate at or near the End of Swarcliff' rt Lane, leading to Ashby-de-la-Z aforesaid," was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That great Progress has been made in amending the said Roads, for which Purpose considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, which remain unpaid; and that the said Act being near ex-Vot. 38.

piring, the Amendment of the said Roads cannot be completed, and the same kept in Repair for the future, and the Money borrowed repaid, with the Interest thereon, unless the said Act be continued for a further Term, and the Tolls and Powers altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the 'Perm and Powers of t he said Act, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Pochin, See.: And they a>e to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fehd for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right Worshipful the Mayor, A1-. denned, and principal Traders, Dealers, Inhabitants, ' and Occupiers of Lands, within the Town and Liberties of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York, and the several Parishes of the same Town, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,-. was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Branches of Trade and Businesscarried on within the said Town and Liberties, and many Persons therein contract small Debts, who, although well able, refuse to pay the same, presuming on the Difficulties, theit-Creditors are under by the tedious and expensive Way of filing for their Debts by the present Forms of Law; and that, if an easy and speedy Method of recovering small Debts within the said Town and Liberties was provided, the same would greatly contribute to promote Industry, and encourage Trade and Credit therein, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the said Town and Liberties of Beverley, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the 1 Joufe shall seem meet;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee.: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Savile, Mr. Dun-combe, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Dame Charlotte Sophia Smyth, Wife of Sir Robert Smyth, Baronet; and for qualifying and enabling her to hold and'enjoy a Rent Charge, limited to.her upon her Marriage* in the Name of her Jointure, was read the Third Time

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Dame Charlotte Sophia Smy Ik, Wife of Sir Robert Smyth, Baronet; and for qualifying and enabling her to hold and enjoy a Rent Charge, limited to her upon her Marriage, in the Name of her Jointure.

Ordered, That Mr. Elwesdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And ingossed Bill for naturalizing John Engelberts

Ziegenbein and Char Us Attgujius was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

he, An Act for naturalizing John Engelberts Ziegenbein and Charles AugnfiusPiffchell.

Ordered, That Mr. Elzccsdo carry the Bill to the Lords, anil desire their Concurrence.

Sf A Petition

Beverley Will Debts.

Smyth's

Nat.

Zlegenbein's,

Ac.

Nat.

Aston

Upthorp

Inclosure.

Bletrberry

Inclosure.

Leeds from Otley to Skipton Road.

158 \° Februarii. A> il % l>

A Petition of William \jox<[ Craven, Lord of the Manor of Aston Upthorp, in the County of Berks; and of the federal other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and of the several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the Open and Common Fields, Common Padures. Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Manor of Upthorp aforesaid, was presented to the Ilopfe, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others, in the said Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Lands, and Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it will be veiy advantageous to the several Persons entitled thereto, if the said Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Lands, and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors thereof, in proportion to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to hring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Lands, and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fuantto the Prhvdr of the said Petition: And that Mr.

ElwesanA Mr. Hartley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of WilUatn Philips, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Blewberry, 'in the County of Berks; and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and of the several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and1 others in the said Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Lands, and Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it will be very advantageous to the several Persons entitled thereto, if the said Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Lands, and Grounds, were divided and1 inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors thereof, in proportion to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave maybe given to bring ina Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Lands,'and'Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ehves and Mr. Hartley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second; intituled/* An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, through Otley, Skipton, " Colne, Burnley, and Blackburn, to Burscough

If alton, in the County of Lancaster, and from Skipton, " through Gisburn and Clitheroe, to in the said

" County of Lancaster," as relates to the Distriffcs of Road leading from Otley to Skipton in the County of York, from Skipton to Clitheroe in the County of Lan-casier, and from Skipton to Colne, in the said County, and of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmeo, and other Inhabitants, of the said respective Counties of York and Lancaster, whose Names are there-

unto respectively subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, so far as relates to the said Districts of Road, and have borrowed feve-20

ral considerable Sums of Money on ,the Credit of the Tolls, which, together with the Tolls, have been /duly applied in repairing and widening the said Roads, and great Progress hath been made therein; but the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired and widened, and kept in Repair for the future, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act, and also the additional Term of Five Years, added thereto by an Adtof theTweuty-eighth Year of his said late M:,.jesty, be continued, the Powers of the said first-mentioned Act enlarged, altered, and amended, and l'ome further and other Tolls granted: And therefore praying, Th^t Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that. they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Henry Mr. Lister,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the Open Fields, Lands, Meadows, and Commonable Places, of and belonging to in

the Parish of Thurcaston, and County of Leiiester, on Behalf of themselves, and all other Persons interested therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it will be advantageous to the Petitioners, and the other Persons interestedin the said Fields, Lands, Meadows, ajid Commonable Places, to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Shares set out and allotted for them, according to their respective Pro,p,etr ties and Interests therein, to be held in Severalty fof ever: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and iu-closing the said Fields, Lands, Meadows, and Commonable Places, in such Manner as to the House llxail seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pochin, Mr. Hungerford, and Mr. Darker, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are therennto subscribed, Proprietors of, and Persons interfiled in, the Open Fields, Copimp.nuble, Grounds, and Places, of and within the Manor, Lordship, or Liberties of j\£ountfprrell, in the Cpupty of Leicester, on Behalf of themselves, and alj the otfier Proprietors and Perfops interested therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it will be advantageous to the Proprietor? of, and Persons interested in, tfif said Open Fields, Commonable *md Places,

to have the same divide^ and inclosed; and allotted to them, according to their respective Properties and Interests therein, to be held in Severalty fof eyer: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and#inqIofing, the said Open Fields, Commonable Quounds, and Places, in such Manner as to the ploufie shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be, given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pochin, Mr. Hungerford, and Mr. Qarker, do prepare, n»d bring in, the fame.

The Lord Mahon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Grounds within, the parishe? of Dale and Stanton, in the County of Derfy,: And the same was received; and read the FirilTime.

tftfolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tjme.

APe-

Crop Ron inclosure.

Mountfcrrelf

Inciosure.

Dale

and

Stanton

Inciosure.

2i Geo. III.

i° Febtmrii.

*59

'ionrbridge

Road.

dmouth,

fcc.

Road.

A Petition of the several Persona, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the acting Commissioners named and authorized in and by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending and widening the Road from the Market Hodfe >in Stourbridge to Colly Gate in and from

more to Holly Hall, and from Colly-Gate to,

" and from the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood to " Rednal Green, in the Parish of and from " Carter's I jane to The Bell Inn alt North field, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Commissioners have proceeded to put the said Act into Execution, so far as related to the Roads from the Turnpike Road ou Dudleii Wood, which is called The Brome/grove Road, unto Rednal Grein the Parish of Kingsnorton, and from Carter's Lane to The Bell Inn at Northfield ;and have made a considerable Progress in repairing the said last mentioned Roads, and for that Purpose have borrowed divers Sums.of Money on the Credit thereof, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied in repairing the said Roads according to the Directions of the said Act; nevertheless, the Provisions made by the said Act, and fclie Revenues arising from the Tolls on the said last-meutior>6d Roads, have been found iufaffieient to enable the Trustees to keep down die Irtterest of the Money borrowed; and, by reafou thereof, the several principal Sums advanced on the Credit of the said ToHs, still remain due, together with a considerable Arrear of In-ereft; and that by Reason of the great 'Number of heavy Carriages conliantly passing ov*>r the said Roads for the carrying Coal and Lime, which is the principal Traffick thereon, large Sums of Money are necessarily required to be expended, to keep the same in proper Repair, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act; and that the Term by the said Act granted being within a few Years of expiring, the Sums borrowed for making and repairing the said Roads, with the Arrears of Interest due thereon, cannot be paid, per the said Reads be effectually repaired, and kept in proper Condition, unless the Terms and Powers by the said Act granted be farther continued, altered, and enlarged: And therefore praying, That l^eave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and alterng the Term and Powers granted in and by the said Act of the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending and widening the

V Road from the Market House in Stourbridge to Colly

" Gate in Cradley, and from Holly Hall, and from Colly Gqte to Halesowen, and from the Turn-

pike Road on Dudley Wood to 'Rednal Green, in (be " Parish of Kingsnorton, and from Carter's Lane to The

V Bell Inn at Northfield, in the Counties of Worcester,

v Stafford, and Salop," so far only as relate to the said

Roads front the said Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood, (commonly called The.Brome/grove Turnpike Road) to Rednal Green, and from Carter's Lane to The Bell Inn at Northfield in the said Counties of Stafford,

gnd Salop.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord We/cote, Mr. Calvert, Sac.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir William Lemon presented to the House, according, to Order, a Bill to./enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of Mis present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading irom the Town of Falmouth, in the Vot. 38.

County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Penryn,

Helstone, and Marazion, and from thence to and over Maraaion River and Bridge, and Two hundred Feet to the WestwaFd of the said River and Bridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of, and Persons in- inclosurci terested in, the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Orton on the Hill, in the County of Leicester, and the Extra-parochial Lands lying within the Ring of the said Fields, on Behalf of themff-lyes and all other Persons interested therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That it will be advantageous to the Petitioners and the other Persons interested in the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Place9, and Extra-Parochial Lands, to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted for them according to their respective Properties and Interests therein, to be held in Severalty -for ever, and to some of the said Proprietors and Persons interested to make and effectuate Exchanges: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting; and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows; Pastures; Commonable Places, and Extra-parochial Lands, and effectuating faeh Exchanges; in such Manner as to thd House shall leern meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring itl a Bill; pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Pochin, and Mr, Darker, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Kohn'S

Nat;

Mr. Elwes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing George Leiois Kohti: And the same w'as received; and rend the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

A Petition of the honourable Henry Cecil, Lord of Hanbury the Manor of llunbury, in the County of Worcester, lnc ofuK; and the several other Persons whose NafaOs are thereunto subscribed. Owners of Lands and Estates within the Parish of Hanbury, in the said County, was pre-

fented to the House; and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Common Fields, Commons, aftd Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation, ft re incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying; That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner a6 the Houfolhall think proper.

Ordered, That I^eave be given to bring in a Bill; pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Powys, Mr. Edward Foley, and Mr. Lygon, do pre* pare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of Warren Hqflings, Esquire, Governor AdminutnUtm General, and of Philip Francis and Edward of J"*,cc

Esquires, Counsellors for the Government of the Prefi* B«nal, dency of Fort William in Bengal, was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better " Management of the Affairs of the United East India " Company, as well in India as in Europe," the whole Civil and Military Government of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, and the Ordering, Management, and Government of all the Territorial Acquisi* tioas and Revenues in the Kingdoms of Bengal, Bahar,

ami

Ai'rniniO ration of Justice in

Bengal.

160 i° FehmarH 1781.

ami Ori/J'a, are vested in the Governor General and Council of the said Presidency, in like Maimer, to all Intents and Purposes whatlbever, as the same were at the Time of passing the Act, or at any Time before might have been exercised by the President and Council, or Select Committee, in the said Kingdoms; and that by the said Act, His Majesty was empowered to erect and conliitnte a Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort Williamaforesaid, with full Pow'ersand Authority to exerciseand perform all Civil, Criminal, Admiralty, and Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction over all British Subjects resident in the said Kingdoms or Provinces, under the Protection of the said United liajl India , and

to hear and determine ail Complaints against any of His Majesty's Subjects, for ahy Crimes, Misdemeanors, or Oppressions committed, or to1 be committed, and alfd to entertain, hear, and determine any Suit, Action, or Complaint, against any Person who shall at the Tim© when such Debt or Cause of Action, or Complaint, shall have arisen, have been employed by,.' or shall then have been directly or indirectly in the Service of, the said United East India Company, or of any of His Majesty's Subjects, and aguind any Inhabitant of the said Kingdoms for a Debt arising on any Contraft, or Agreement in Writing, with any of His Majesty's Subjects, where the Cause of Action shall exceed the Sum of Five hundred current Rupees, and Where the said Inhabitant shall hayb agreed in the said Contraft, that, in case of Dispute, the Matter shall be heard and determined in the Supreme Court of Judicature: That it appears to your Petitioners, that the above Recitals do dearly explain and define the Powers and Jurisdiction severally appertaining to the said Governor General and Council, and to the Supreme Court of Judicature aforesaid; that is to say, that-the Supreme Court of Judicature is competent to exercise every Kind of Jurisdiction over all British Subjects resident in the said Provinces, and also ovqr all Persons, whether Natives of these Provinces, or others resident in the fame, who shall, at the Time when the Cause of Action instituted, or Complaint made against them, lh'all have arisen, have been employed, by, or, shall then have' been directly or indirectly in the Service of, the said United East India Company, or of any of His Majesty's Sub-i jests, or who shall have voluntarily made themselvew subject to the Authority of the said Supreme Court of Judicature, in the same 6f Contracts expressing such a Subjection; and that the said Supreme Court of Judicature hath no Power or Jurisdiction whatever over Persons not answering to these Descriptions; and that the Governor General and Council are competent to exercise every Funftion of Government, and every Right of Jurisdiction, not veiled iti the Supreme Court of Judicature as aforesaid, over all Persons, Natives, or Inhabitants of these Provinces, who are either liubjeft to the Civil or Military Government of this Presidency, or of the Territorial Acquisitious and Revenues of these Kingdoms, it being contrary to the Nature of Things that the Governor General and Council should exercise such Authority over the said Territory and Revenues, and not . over the Persons immediately possessing such Territory and Revenues, as well as to the Rights derived by the Governor General and Council, iu virtue of the said Act, from the President and Council and Select Committee of the said Kingdoms, who did exercise such Authority; and further to exercise every Funftion of Government, and every Right of Jurisdiction, absolutely and exclusively over all Persons, Natives or Inhabitants of these Provinces, w'ho are neither British Subjects, nor are, nor ever have been, employed by, or directly or indirectly in the Service of the United East India Company, or any of His Majesty's Subjects; and that it is also provided by the said Act, that the said Supreme Court of Judicature shall not be competent to hear, try, or determine any indictment or Information against the said Governor General, or any of the said Council for the 02

Time b,eing, for any Offence (not being Treason or Felony) which such Governor General, or any of the said Council, shall or may be charged with having committed in Bengal, Bahar, and and that it is

stirther provided by the said Act, that nothing in the said Act shall extelid to subject the Person of the Governor General or any of the said Council respectively for the Time being, to be arrested, or imprisoned, upon any Action, Suit, or Proceeding, in the said Supreme Court of Judicature; and that in conformity to the Two preceding Clauses, and' evidently to render the same both effectuaL and confillent with the complete Administration of Justice, His most Gracious Majesty; by I lis Letters Patent, establishing a Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William i after reciting that

it had been lawful for the Mayor's Ckmrt to issue their Summons to the Governor or President and Council Of Fort William in- Bengdl, to appear for the said United East India Company, and to compel their Appearance, hath grafted,.ordained;- and appointed, that the Governor General and.Comicil shall and may, from Time to Time, by their sufficient Warrant to lie filed of Record, name and appoint some sufficient Person, resident in; the Town of Calcutta, to be the Attorney of the said United East//whiz-Company, who shall remain and aft as Attorney to the said United East India Company so long; as he shall reside mCakutta, or until some other fit Person there resident shall be appointed in his Place, in Manner above mentioned; and if any Plaint shall be filed in the said Supreme Court of Judicature at Fart William in Bengal against the United East India Company, the said Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal may, and is hereby empowered,

to award and illiie their Precept, directed to the Sheriff, commanding him to summon the said United East India Company by theic find Attorney, to appear at a Time and Pliice therein io be specified, to answer to the said Plaint, and the Sherifflhall serve the same upon the said Attorney, and tue said Attorney shall thereupon appear for the said United East India Company; antt that, after such Appearance, the said Supreme Court of Judicature shall and may proceed to hear, examine, try, aiul determine the said: Action and' Suits, in thei Manner specified in the said letters Patent -, and that it appears to your Petitioners, that the Twodaufes above recited from the Act aforesaid, and the preceding Extractfrom His Majesty's Letters Patent, do amount to,a virtual, but. certain Exemption of the Periods of the Governor General and Council From the Jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of Judicature in all causetf w'herein the said United East India Company are Parties; that is to say, in all Causes originated from, or appertaining to the Acts of the said Governor General and Council done by them in their Character of Managers, or Agents, for the Affairs of the said United East India Company, it being certain that the said United East India Company can do no Acts in these Kingdoms or Provinces, but through the Agency of the Governor General and Council, and that the said United East India Company can therefore only be sued for the Acts of the said Governor General and Council; and that therefore in all Suits instituted in the Supreme Court of Judicature, by Persons aggrieved, or supposing the raselves aggrieved, by such Acts, such Suits shall lie, and be brought, against the said United East India Company only, and not against the Governor General and Council; and Appearance shall be entered, for the said United East India Company, by their Attorney, so constituted as aforesaid, he being their only efficient Representative under the said Letters Patent; and that any Attempt of the Supreme Court of Judicature, to compel the said Governor General and Council to appear, and to answer to such Suits is illegal, and contrary to the Intent and Meaning of the said Letters Patent, which must be underllodd tp bear the Intent and Meaning which your Petitioners have aforibed to it, or none; That, notwithstanding the clear Limitation of the,

2i Geo. III. 1° Febrilarii. 16i

the Jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of Jltdicatnre, and the Privileges and Immunities granted to the Governor General and Council in the above recited Provisions made by the Act and Letters Patent aforesaid, the Chief Justice and Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature have attempted to extend their Jurisdiction over Perfotis not answering to the Description of such as are subject to their Jurisdiction, and have advised, admitted, and, as your Petitioners have every Reason to

V /

believe, will attempt, to inforce Suits instituted against your Petitioners for A els done collectively by your Petitioners, as Governor General and Council: The foL lowing being a summary Relation of the Fads to which your Petitioners allude in this Representation, craving I cave to refer, for a more circumtlantial Information of the fame, to the Minutes of Consultation and Letters of Your Petitioners, which have been transmitted and address'ed to the Court of Directors of the said United East India Company, and relate thereto, to wit: In or about the Month of Selafl a Suit was in-fiituted in the Supreme Court by CoffinautBobboo, an Inhabitant of Calcutta, against Raja , the

Zemindar of the Pergunnahs, or great Divisions of Land so called, of Coffijurahand Shaw poor j and on the 7th of the same Month, your Petitioners were informed that a Writ of Capias had been obtained by,

and sent by an Officer of the Court into the Pergunuah of Coffijura, to be served on the said Raja

who, terrified by this Act, had concealed himself, and thereby became incapable of attending to the Collection of his Revenues, and of fulfilling his Engagements to the United East India Company, for their respective Share thereof; your Petitioners, alarmed for the immediate Effects of this Proceeding, and for the general Loss which such an Example was likely to produce in the public Revenue of these Provinces, and knowing that the said Raja Soondernarain was not subject to the Jurisdiction of the Court, being neither a jed, nor at any Time heretofore ever employed by or in the Service of the United India Company, nor of any British Subject, nor specially subjected to the Supreme Court in the Suit which had been commenced against him by any written Contract or Agreement to that End, did accordingly cause Notice to be given to the said Raja, that he was not subject to the Jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of Judicature, nor bound to obey its Process; and on the 30th of November following your Petitioners received Information that the Writ of Capias had been resumed unexecuted, and that a Writ had finre been ordered to sequester the Lands and Effects of the said Raja, and to compel his Appearance, and that, to enforce the Execution of this last Writ, the Sheriff' had dispatched a considerable Force to Cojjftjura, consisting of Peons, Sepoys, and European Sailors, all completely armed, and inftrnCled to nfe l'oree for the Execution of the Process, and even to fire upon any Person who should obstrud it. Hitherto the Powers of Government, veiled in your Petitioners, had never been employed in relation to the Supreme Court, hut in Aid of its Authority; they now found themselves reduced to the painful Necessity of opposing it, to aff'ert their own Civil and Military Rights, to guard the Property of the United East India Compaiiy, and eventually that of the British Nation, in these Provinces, from impending Danger, and to yield their Protection to the Country and People which were placed under the Government of your Petitioners, from the Contronl of a foreign Law, and the Terrors of a new and ufnrped Dominion. Impelled by these Considerations, your Petitioners ordered a military Force to apprehend the Sheriff 's Officers who had been employed to execute the Writ of Sequestration, with all their Followers. This was effected accordingly; and the whole Body, confiding of Eighty-six Men, armed and arrayed, were made Pril'oners, and brought to the Presideney, where the first Purpose of your Petitioners Vol. 3*8.

having been thus accomplished, they were; by an Or- Administratioa der of your Petitioners, immediately released. It ap- of Justice peared, that in the Execution of the Writ the Apart- B m,

ments allotted to the Female Part of the Raja's Fa- *

mily, which are ever held sacred in this Country; were forcibly entered, hiS Temple broke open and polluted; and the Image of his Worship thrud into a Ralket; and deposited with mixed Lumber; Undet* the Seal of the Court. Such Acts are accounted Iudances of the grossest Violation and Sacrilege; according to the Principles and Perfuadons of the Inhabitants of these Provinces, and have been never known to have beeft authorized with Impunity by the moll despoticof their Mahometan Rulers. It is to be lamented

that such a Reproach should have fallen on the Proses-fors of the mild and benevolent Dictates of the Christian, t)ifpcnfation; not as the Effects of a wanton Abuse of Authority, but as the necessary and unavoidable Operation of a Foreign Law, in the barbarous Attempt to force it oh a conquered People. The Judges of the Court, enraged at this Refiftunce of their Authority, have declared their Resolution of inflicting exemplary Punishment on ail Persons concerned or suspected of having been concerned in it. With an undiilinguishing Vengeance they have ordered Attachments to issue against the Military Officer, whose Duty it became to execute the Orders of your Petitioners, on Mr. Naylor, the Company's Attorney, and on Mr. ,a Ser-

vant of the United Company, whose only Offence appears to have been an unfortunate Curiosity, which led ilim to be a Spedator of what the Court had termed a Rescue; your Petitioners have granted to their Military Officer the Protection of the Troops with which he is stationed against any Attempts which may be made to > arred him. The other two named Persons have been thrown into the common Jail, and Mr. Naylor required to answer to Interrogatories, such as your Petitioners believe to be most repugnant to the wife and humana Spirit of the English Law, and never before practised but in the Courts of Inquisition, being filled with Suggestions of criminal Accusations against Persons unnamed, and exaCling the Violation of his public Fidelity, by revealing the confidential Inilrudions of his Employers and Clients, and the most sacred Ties of Society, by divulging the Secrets of private Conversation on generalundefined and unapplied Questions.

Bobboo, the Plaintiff in the Cause against the Raja Soondernarain, by the Advice, as your Petitioners are well informed, of the Court, has lately instituted a Suit against your Petitioners, and your Petitioners have been severally served with Summonses to appear and answer to the fame, but have refused to appear, both because they concdve themselves not to be answerable in tlveir own Persons for Acts done by them as Governor General and Council, and because the Plaint which was filed against them, is founded on their Kefiftance to the unlawful Acts of the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature. Such hath been the Progress of this unhappy Division, and such is the present State of it.

What the Consequences may prove, your Petitioners cannot foresee; but are morally certain, that nothing hut a determined and unshaken Perseverance on their Part, in the Line which they have marked out, can save these Provinces and the Interest of the United East India Company, and of the British Nation, which are inseparably connected with them, from the Danger of utter Ruin; and that your Petitioners are informed, that many other Suitsor Actions have been commenced in the Supreme Court against other Zemindars of these Provinces; such, for Example, as the Rajas of Dcenagepoor, and Beerbhoom, Men of high Rank, and the Descendants of Ancestors not very remote, who commanded Armies, and pofl'cffed the Rights of sovereign Dominion over the Reiats or Vassals of their respective Zemindaries; that all the Zemindars of these Provinces, and the above-named more

T t especially.

t

16s ' i° Februariu ^.1781.

dministration especially, are insetted in enorinous Sums, far ex* scribed, would add to the National Calamity the Na-o jfustice ^ceding, as your Petitioners believe, the Amount of tional Reproach of having deservedly incurred it r That Bengal. the whole Annual Revenueof these Provinces, for Debts your Petitioners have judged it advisable to resort ft* mostly accruing from extorted Donations, from the the Means of open Resistance to the Acts of the Supreme tifurious and accumulated Interest of many Years* and Court of Judicature on this lirft Occasion, to prevent from other Mcalls, whith are equally contrary to the the Example from spreading, by the Encouragement Caws of England and to their own, but capable of being which would be given to artful and rapacious Men, mi-established in an English Court of Law, by existing tier the Instruction of the Attornies of the Supreme Bonds, or other written Agreements; that* befules the Court of Judicature, and the loud Invitations of the Injullice of subjecting the said Persons to a Foreign Judges themselves* to commence other Actions against Law, with the Forms, Process, and Language of which ihe other Zemindars of these Provinces, your Petitioners they are unacquainted, they would by such aControul being convinced, that such would be the Effect of allow-be wholly emancipated from the Government of your ing the Judgment of the Supreme Court of Judicature Petitioners, and their Revenues loft to the United East to operate on your Petitioners, and equally certain that India Company, and to the British Nation, since it would the Mischief will be in a great Measur iuppressed by be impossible for your Petitioners to exerciseany Autho- defeating the Ends of it* and precluding the Hopes of i*ity over them, while they were Under the actual and Gain in the Prosecution of it; that, therefore, your Pe-fliperior Controul of the Supreme Court; and the De- titioners have resolved, that they will not suffer any crees of the said Court, being absolute, and admitting Judgment which may be given against them in the pre-df no Qualification, would always take Place of the sent Cause to be carried into Execution against either Claims of your Petitioners, in Behalf of the United East their Persons or their Property* deeming this a same of India Company, and, by the Terrors annexed to them, extraordinary Urgency* which requires them to assume would be even preferably obeyed by the Zemindars adkngerous personal Hazard and Responsibility for the themselves, and in many Cafes serve by Collusions, or Defence and Preservation of the Property and Interests other eafv Means, as a pretext to fereen them from the of the United East India Company, and of the Briti/k Authority of your Petitioners; and that, by such Effects Nation collectively, in these Kingdoms: That, in the the whole Revenue would be loft to the United East In* preceding Instance, and in the Protection which they: dia Company, and to the British Nation: That the Con- have given to their Military Officer, who was employed sequences, which your Petitioners have above described to apprehend the armed Force sent by the Sheriff against as likely to result from the Extension of the Jurisdiction the Raja of CoJ/ijura, your Petitioners are aware that they of the Supreme Court of Judicature to the Zemindars may be deemed to have offended against the strict Form of these Provinces, would prove at this Time the Causes and Letter of the Law, and are apprehensive that other cf others yet more alarming, inasmuch as your Peti- Cafes will multiply, which will oblige them to have Re-tloners are charged with the Defence of these Provinces, course to the same Means of Defence, if the Judges of in which they possess a precarious Dominion of a few the Supreme Court of Judicature shall persevere in over Millions; a Dominion established by the mere In- the Course which they have begun; but your Peti-fluence of Opinion, and a long Season of domestic tioners hope, that a due Allowance will be made for the Peace, but at this Time assailed with many surrounding NeceftUy under which they aft, which leaves no Alter-Dangers, in the Share which it participates with the rest native but public Ruin, if they submit to the Jurisdiction of the British Empire in a War with the moll powerful a (fumed by the Supreme Court, or personal Ruiii if they States of Europe, regarded with a jealous Eye by all the oppose it, and are to be made liable to the same Penal-Nations of Indojlan, and at this T^ime engaged in a War ties which would attend the resisting a lawful Juris-with the first in Power and Conseqiteuce among!! them; diction; and that it will be considered, that, as the con-That the Loss of the Whole, or any considerable Failure llitutional and diferiminating Lines by which the Wif-iii the Revenue which the United East India Company dom of Parliament hath marked the Syllem of Govern-derives from these Provinces, wotold be certainly fol- ment in these Kingdoms, have been broken by the lowed by that of their Existence in them, as your Pe- Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature* and as a titioners do at this Time maintain a large Military Force Resistance to that Violence has been a necessary Obliga-in the Pay of the United East India Company, which tion on your Petitioners in the First Instance, all the ir-would be excited to Mutiny and Revolt whenever your regular and extraordinary Acts which such Resistance Petitioners were no longer able to pay it; and that such may draw after it, ought to be imputed to the First Ag-au Event, besides its immediate Danger, would occasion gression* as the primary and efficient Cause of them; that an InYafion of these Provinces* a Calamity which your your Petitioners do not presume either to pray fop a Re-Petitioners are warranted to foretel by the like Effect of medy to the Evils of which they have complained, nor alike Cause, which actually happened in the Year 1764; to point out the Means by which, in the Opinion of and that your Petitioners being in such a same deprived your Petitioners, such a Remedy might be obtained and of the Means of Resistance, these Provinces, and the applied, the former being, as they conceive, the proper British Dominion in India, mull fall a certain Sacrifice Concern, and the exclusive Province, of the United East to the ultimate Effects of the Exercise of an impolitic, India Company* and the latter depending only on the Unnatural, and lawless Authority: That your Petitioners Wisdom of the British Parliament: That the Design are also of Opinion, that the Attempt to extend to the and Prayer of your Petitioners is, and your Petitioners Inhabitants of these Provinces the Jurisdiction of the Su- do accordingly most humbly pray. That they, and all preme Court of Judicature, and the Authority of the others acting under their Authority, may be indemnified Englishi Law, and of the Forms and Fiftions of that against all the legal Consequences of their Proceedings Law, which are yet more itvtolerable, becauseless capable in the Cafes herein above recited and suggested, and that of being understood, would be such a Constraint on the an Act of Parliament may be passed for that End; that Minds of the People of these Provinces, by the Diffe- your Petitioners, being freed from every personal Con-rence of such Laws and Forms from their Laws, Habits* cern, and from the Vexations and Anxieties incident to Manners, and Religious Principles, which under every their present Condition, may devote their whole Time, successive Constitution of the former Governments have Attention, and Laboitrs, to the Discharge of their pre-been respected and supported, as might inflame them* scribed Duty, and to the Advancement and Prosperityof notwithstanding the known Mildnefsand Patience which the great National Interests committed to their Charge, constitute their general Character, to an open Rebellion, Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

less indeed to be apprehended in a Time of Peace, but Table, certain in the Event of an Invafioo; and that such an

Evil occurring, in Addition to the others already de- - JThe Right honourable Sir Fletcher Nortojibeing come 19 to

21 Geo. III.

Februariu

16$

The Thanks of the House communicated to

Sir Fletcher Norton.

Abingdon

Elc&ion.

6jrenhjf

Eleffial*

Seaford

Elc&ion.

to the House; Mr. Speaker acquainted him* That the House had, upon the 20th Day of November last, re* solved, That the Thanks of this House be given to him; jfor his Conduct during the Time he filled the Chair in the Two lull Parliaments: And Mr. Speaker gave him the Thanks of the House accordingly, as followeth; viz.

Sir Fletcher Norton*

This House, on Monday the 20th of November last, came to a Resolution to thank you for your Conduct in this Chair.

Your Knowledge of the Coristitution makes it iinrie. Cessary to inform you, how great a Mark of t>iftin6tion is conveyed to an Individual, by the Approbation of so important and respbctable a Part of the LegislaturC.

Your A fleet ion for the Commons of Great Britain, augmented by those Services which you have rendered to them, and which are the Subject of their present Acknowledgements; will, I am persuaded, excite in you ihofe generous Feelings which become a Person con-, ibious of having deserved the Good-Will and Thanks of his Country.

I will detain ybit no longeb than whilst, in the Name bf this House, and in the Words of their Resolution, I thank you. Sir Fletcher Norton, late Speaker of this House, for your Conduct during the Time you fdled the Chair in the Two last Parliaments.

Upon which Sir Fletcher Norton expressed his Acknowledgements to the House, for the Honour they had done him; and returned his Thanks to Mr. Speaker, for the Manner in Which he had communicated to him the Resolution of the House.

The House being informed that Thomas Wooldridge, Esquire, who has petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, desires to withdraw his said Petition;

The House being also informed that William Prentice, Richard Blake, John Lewis, William Couting, and John Harper, Electors of the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, who have petitioned this House, likewise complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, desire to withdraw their said Petition:

And John Mayor, Esquire, the Sitting Member, having, in his Place, stated to the House the Ileafons which induced him not to give his Content to the withdrawing of the said Petitions;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Order made upon the 21st Day of November jail, for taking the said Petition of Thomas Wooldridge, Esquire, into Consideration Tomorrow, be discharged; It passed in the Negative, Nemihe Contradicente.

Ordered, That the Freertien of the City of Coventry, who petitioned this House upon the 20th Day of November last, complaining of the Conduct of the Sheriffs of the said City at the last General Election of Members to serve in Parliament, be at Liberty to be heard, by their Counsel, in Support of the Allegations contained in the said Petition.

A Petition of John Molesworth, of Grove Place, in the County of Hertford, Esquire, on behalf of himself and sundry Electors of the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Siffex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth; That the Petitioner had prepared and signed a Petition, ready to be presented on the First Day of the Meeting of the House after the late Recess, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Town and Port, on the Election made the 4th Day of December last, of a Member to serve in Parliament for the fame, in the room of John Robinson, Esquire, who had made his Election for Harwich; and that sundry Vol. 38.

Electors of the said Town and Port, who had voted for the Petitioner at the said Election, had, in like Manner* prepared and signed a Petition, similar, in Matter of Complaint, with that of the Petitioner, and which would have been presented to thb House On the First Day of Meeting After the said Recess, but for the Casuality after mentioned: That the Person Who is Agent as well for the Petitioner as for the said complaining Eleblo^s, lives at Lewes, in the Cotinty of Suffer, Ten Miles from the said Town and Port of Seaford; and, On Saturday the Twentieth Day of January, he having been resident in London eVer since the said Election, and not having Occasion to go into Suffer himself; sent down a Petition to his Clerk at Lewes, with Directions for him to go early on Monday Mbrning to the said Town and Port of Seaford, and get the same signed by the said complaining Electors, and to fend the fame, so signed, back to him, the said Agent in London, by a Messenger, on Monday Evening; or fearly on Tuq/'day Morning; that he did accordingly go to the said Town and Port on the said Monday Morning, and there got the same signed by the said complaining Electors, to the Number of Sixteen; and, having so done; went about Eight Miles further*; to Eastborne, thinking to have been back at Lewes from thence about Four in the Afternoon; but such a Snow as has not been known in the Membry of Man came on, which not only covered the Earth in the Sjiace of an Hour to a Depth that would have rendered it almost impossible to travel, but so filled the Hemifphereas to render it altogether impossible to dofo* for it so thickened the Air, that a Man, fitting on Horseback, could not dif-cern hisHorse's Head, and therefore he could hot get back to Lewes that Night, but remained at Eastborne, and the next.Morning, as loon as it wras light, let out with a Guide, and after being buried with his Horse many Times in the Snow; and at themost imminent Hazard of his Life, reached Lewes, but not till Eight in the Evening, though the Distancewas only Eighteen Miles; that through this Delay; and that which was further occasioned by the Difficulty of travelling through the Snow from Lewes to London, the said Petition of the Electors did not, nor could reach ljondon till WedneJ-day Night, after the House was risen; and that oii the next Day, being Thursday last, the Petitioner's said Petition; and also that of the said Electors, were mentioned in the House by Mr. Kempe, one of the Members for Lewes> to Mr. Speaker, and would have been presented that Day, but Mr. Speaker said he apprehended it would be contrary to the Rules of the House to receive them; but that he would take the Sense of the House upon it, if it should be desired by the Petitioner; and that, though the said Election was made on the Fourth Day of December last, during the Sitting of the House, yet the Return was not brought, in to the Clerk of the Crown till the Fifteenth Day ot that Month, being Nine Days after the House had adjourned, so that the Petitioner and the said Electors had not, previous to the Meeting after the Recess, one poffi-ble Day on which their Petitions could have been presented, which if they had had, they would have availed themselves of, and presented their Petitions then; that; thus circumftaticed, although the Petitioner was desirous the said Petitions should have been both presented on the First Day of Meeting after the Recess, yet he did not apprehend it to be of Necessity that either of them should be so; and therefore, as the Petition of the said Electors did not arrive that Day, the Petitioner* did not Oh that Day cause his own Petition to be presented: The Petitioner therefore hopes, That, as the House so far dispenses with the general Order for bringing in Petitions within Fourteen Days, as,- though nearly all those Days expire during the fitting of the House; to receive the Petition the First Day of Meeting after the Recess; the peculiar Circumstances of the present Cafe, and the Casualty which prevented the Petition of the said Electors from being presented on that Day, will induce the

House

Motions respecting Sir H. Palliser.

164 10 Februari 1781.

House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that the said Petition, and also the Petition of Complaint of the Petitioner, may be now received.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That John Molrficorth, Esquire, have Leave, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances dated in the said Petition, to exhibit a Petition to this House, complaining of the last Election and Return of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Town and Port of Scaford;

It passed in the Negative.

The House was moved, That the Paper, intituled, " Copies of the Charge and Judgment of the Court " Martial lately held on the honourable Admiral " Augustus Keppel," which waspresented to the House upon the 16th Day 0{February 1779, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Charge and Judgment of the Court Martial held for the Trial of Vice Admiral Sir Hugh Palliser, contained in the Copy of the Minutes of the said Court Martial, which was presented to the House upon the 23d Day of January last, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House of the 12th Day of February 1779, " That the Thanks of this House be given to " the honourable Admiral Augustus Keppel, for his distinguished Courage, Conduct, and Ability, in defending this Kingdom, in the course of the last Summer, " effectdally protecting its Trade, and more particularly " for his having gloriously upheld the Honour of the " British Flag, on the 27th and 28th of July last," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 18 th Day of February 1779, of Mr. Speaker's Speech upon giving the Thanks of the House to Admiral Keppel, together with Admiral Keppel1 s Answer thereto, and the Order for printing the said Speech and Answer in the Votes of that Day, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Appointment of Sir It ugh Palliser to the Government of Greenwich Hospital, who, by the Sentence of a Court Martial, is declared to have preferred a malicious and ill-founded Accusation against his Commander in Chief, is a Measure subversive of the Discipline, and derogatory to the Honour, of the British Navy;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Questioit; viz.

To leave out the Words " Sentence of a," and to insert the Words u Officers who fat on the," instead thereof; after " Court MartiaF," to insert " held for " the Trial of Admiral Keppely and before whom Sir " Hugh Palliser was not charged with any Malice in his " Accusation of the said Admiral, 01* heard in his Defence;" and after " Commander in Chief," to insert " and whose Conduct on the 27th of July 1778, by a " subsequent Court Martial, was, after a full Exam in ation, declared to be in many Respects highly exemplary and meritorious; and who has, during the " course of Forty-five Years, served the Crown, both in "his Civil and Military Capacity, with great Ability, " Bravery, and Fidelity."

And the Question being put. That the Words " Sentehee of a" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " Officers who fat on the," be inserted infte&d thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Amendment being proposed, to irtfett after the Words " Court Martial," the Words " held for

n

the Trial of Admiral Keppel, and before whom Sir " Hugh Palliser was not charged with any Malice in " his Accusation of the said Admiral, or heard in his " Defence

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out from the V. ords " Admiral Keppel," to the End of the said proposed Amendment.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the said Amendment;

The Hovife divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teliers for the Yeas, 214.

*-P I - Al C Mr. Thomas Townshend7

Tellers for the N oes,£ Byn„, J j 149*

So it wras resolved in the Aftirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by adding at the End thereof the Words, " he being the Accuser."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there added;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by adding at the End thereof, these Words: " the Judge Advocate having, by the Direction " of the said Court, declared, that it did not occur to <c the Recoiled ion of any of the Members, that it had " ever been the Usage at Courts Martial to admit any " Thing on the Part of the Accuser, after declaring he " had gone through all the Witnesses he should produce " in Support of the Charge, and that they had agreed " that the Paper then offered by the Accuser could not " be admitted; and the said Court having, in another " Part of the said Trial, declared that they continued of " the same Opinion, and had agreed that the whole " Evidence, not only on the Part of the Charge, but of " the Defence, having been closed, nothing further, by " Way of Address from either Party could be received."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there added;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendment to the Question, to insert after the Words " Court Martial," the Words " held for " the Trial of Admiral Keppel, and before whom Sir " Hugh Palliser was not charged with any Malice in his " Accusation of the said Admiral, or heard in his Defence," being again proposed;

Ordered, That the other Order of the Day be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House having continued to fit till near Three of the Clock on Friday Morning;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of Fine Organzined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a lim ited Time, was committed, be received this Day.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Impnrtation of Italian Thrown Silk.

2i Geo. III. 2° Fehrmrii.

Veneris, 2° Februarii;

Anno 2i° Georgii 3'" Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Thomas Wooldridge., Esquire; and also the Petition of William Prentice, Richard John Lewis, William Coiding, and John Elec-

tors of the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and One hundred and Twenty fix Members being found to be prefen t;

The Petitioner Thomas Wooldridge, Esquire, (who appeared for himself) and the Agent for the Petitioners William Prentice, Richard Blake, John Lewis, William Couting, and John Harper, Electors of the said Borough of Abingdon, and also the Counsel and Agents for the Sitting Member, were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the.House.

And the Names of Forty-nine Members then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Five Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who wereabfent from the House; Four, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions wore depending; and One, on Account of his having already in this hellion of Parliament, served on a Select Committee.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete;

Tire Petitioner Thomas Wooldridge, Esquire, was called upon by Mr. Speaker, to nominate One from among the Members then present, whose Names had not been draw'll, to be added to those chosen by Lot to serve on the said Select Committee.

Whereupon Mr. Wooldridge acquainted the House, that he declined to nominate any Member for that Purpose.

And thereupon the Name of the Honourable James Murray was drawn, and added to the Lift of the Forty-nine Names before drawn.

And then the Counsel for the Sitting Member nominated George Onjloiv, Esquire, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And One of the said Lifts was delivered by the Clerk to the said Petitioner Thomas Wooldridge, Esquire, and another to the Counsel for the Sitting Member.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Petitioner, and the Agent for the said other Pe-Voi» 38.

titioners, and the Counsel and Agents for the Sitting Member, withdrew.

Ordered, That the Reverend Do& Dr. Burnaby Vicar of East Greenwich, in the County of Kent, be *° PT?ch

desired to preach before this House, at Saint Margaret's 1 cfaftDa/* Westminster, upon WedneJUaythe 2 ift Day of this lnstant February, being the Day appointed by His Majesty's Royal Proclamation for a General Fast; and that the Lord North and Mr. Pochin do acquaint him therewith.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Tanfield thereunto subscribed, Owners of Messuages, Lands, and . Tenements, having Right of Common in and upon the n 0 Moor or Common herein after mentioned, for and on Behalf of themselves, and other Owners of Messuages,

Lands, and Tenements, having Right of Common upon the said Moor or Common, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, within the Parish of Chester le Street, in the County Palatine of Durham, a certain Moor or Common, called Tanfield Moor, containing by Estimation Orte thousand One hundred Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Right honourable John Lord Viscount Mountjlewart, Baron Cardiff of Cardiff Caffe, in the County of Glamorgan, and the Right honourable Lady Charlotte his Wife, in Right of the said Lady Charlotte, and the Right honourable Francis Seymour Conway, commonly called Lord Viscount Beauchamp, are seised of, and entitled to, the Inheritance of the Soil of the said Moor, and to the Quarries of Stone, and all other Mines and Minerals (other than and except the Coal Mines and Seams of Coal) within and under the fame, as Tenants in Common, in equal undivided Moieties; and that the Petitioners and several other Persons, Owners of Messuages,

Lands, and Tenements, or their Trustees, Lessees, Far* mers, or Tenants, are entitled to Right of Common upon the said Moor, which, in its present State, is of little Use, but is capable of Cultivation and Improvement; and it would be of Advantage to the said Lord Mountjlewart, and Lady Charlotte his Wife, and Lord Beauchamp, and the several Persons entitled to such Right of Common,' to have the said Moor divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to them, according to their several Rights and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House ilia.Il seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Clavering and Sir John Eden do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjournment. House this Day, adjourn till Tuesday Morning next.

A Petition of the several acting Commissioners, named Oxford and appointed in and by an Act, made and passed in the Streets. Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

" An Act for amending certain of the Mileways lead-" ing to Oxford; for making a commodious Entrance " through the Parish of Saint Clement; for rebuilding " or repairing Magdalen Bridge; for making commodiotis Roads from the said Bridge through the University and City, and the Avenues leading thereto;

" for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and " Places, within the said University and City, and the " Suburbs thereof, and the Parish of Saint Clement;

" for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom,

" and preventing the like for the future; for impowering " Colleges and Corporations to alienate their Estates there; for removing, holding, and regulating Markets within the said City; and for other Purposes;" whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the Committee, named and appointed in pursuance of the said Act, for removing, holding, and regulating such

U u Markets,

O, *

r 66 -i° Febriiarii. 1781.

Markets, was presented to the Ilonfe, and read; Setting forth, That the Commissioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have causedanew Bridge to he built neat Magdalen College (which is now passable, though not coinpleaced) and many Houses to be pUr-chufed and taken down, for making a commodious Entrance and Roads into and through the said University and City, and also the principal Street called The High Street, to be new paved, and the Streets in general to be lighted and cleared from Nudances; and that it would be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said University and City, and to all Persons referring thereto, if Power was given to pave and keep in Repair all the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the said City, and the Suburbs thereof, and also to widen some of the said Streets and Passages, by taking down Houses and other Buildings; and that, in Order to complete the good Purposes intended by the said Act, respectitig the Turnpike Roads, Bridge, and other Matters under tire Direction of the said Commissioners, it is ne-celfary that, the Term granted by the said Act should be enlarged, some of the Powers thereof amended, and other Provisions and Regulations made; and that the Petitioners, the said Committee, have expended a large Sum of Money in erecting a new Market, but fothe Amendments to the said Act respecting the Market are also foundneceflary, and it is presumed itwill be deemed reasonable (in order to promote the Use of the said Market, by encouraging Butchers and others to bring thither their Goods and Wares for Sale) that the Proportion of Rates and 'Paxes to be paid on Account of tlte Simps and other Places within the said Market, as also t lie Mode of assessing the fame, should be afcei tained by Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be Jfiven ,to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, in order to compleat the Intention of the fame, and for the other Purposes above-mentioned, in such Manner as to the House shall feetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideratioil of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Sir William,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Tuesday Morningnext, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re-. cords.

- , . A Petition of John of Soutkmollon, in the

°Roads;on County of Devon, Gentleman, was presented to the

Condua'of House, and read; Settingforth, That the Petitioner finds,

Mr.Shailand. by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, setting forth, that the Petitioner was employed to (bitch an Act, which passed in the Nineteenth Year of His pre-feut Majesty, for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and rendering fate and commodious, feverat Roads leading from the Town of aforesaid; and

charging the Petitioner with having imposed upon tlte House, in procuring a Clause to beinferted in the said Act, exempting certain Articles from the Payment of Toll, contrary to the Intention of the Trustees for the Care of the said Roads, and alleging, that such Clause was procured by the Petitioner with a View to his own Benefit, and also containing several other Matters very injurious to his Character; and that the Petitioner begs Leave to acquaint the House, that he procured the said Clause to be inserted, thinking the same to be agreeable to the Intention and Wilh of the said Trustees, and not with any View to his own Benefit; and that the several other Charges and Accusatiooscontained intbe said Petition against him, are also falseandgroundkfs; and that although the said Petition is intituled, " A Petition of " the Trustees appointed to carry the said Acts into " Execution?' yet the Petitioner finds the same is only 20

signed by Ten of the said Trustees, not. assembled at any public Meeting: And therefore praying the House to permit him to be heard, by his Counsel, before the Committee to whom the said Petition hath been referred, against the several Matters therein contained; and that the Petitioner may have such Relief as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to carry into Execution several Acts for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of Southmolton, in the County of Devon, is referred.

Ordered, That the said Committee do report their Opinion to the House, upon the Matters contained in the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the said Mr. John Sharland have Leave to he heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That all, who come to the said Committee, have Voices.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Soatlimolton Execution Tw o Acts of Parliament, made iti the Thirty- Condnrt second Year of the Reign of his late Si a jesty King George Mr-Sharlaml. the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Iieigu of Hisprofent Majesty, for repairing, widening, and rendering safe and commodious, several Roads leading from the Town of Southmolton, in the County of Devon, and also of tire several Persons who are Creditors of a great Part of the Money due and owing ou the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected by virtue of the said Acts, and also of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, rofiding within the Neighbourhood of ton aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That a Petition hath been presented to the I loufe, signed by Ten of the Trustees, for carrying the said Acts into Execution, without having called a public Meeting for that Purpose; which Petition sets forth, that Mr. John Sharland, late Clerk to the said Trustees,

had been employed to solicit the said Act of the Nineteenth of His present Majesty, andcharges the said Mr.

Sharland with having imposed upon the House, and with a Breach of the Confidence placed in him by the said Trustees, in procuring a Clause to be inserted in the said Act, exempting certain Articles from the Payment of Toll, contrary to the Intentions of the said Trustees, and to their Directions given to him, and prays. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing the said Clause; and that, in Justice to Mr.

Sharland, such of the Petitioners as are Trustees named in, and aft under,-the said Acts, think themselves bound to observe, that the said Mr. Sharland hath not imposed upon the House, or in any Manner acted in Breach of the Confidence placed in him by the said Trustees, in procuring the said Clause to be inserted in the A ft, the said Act being, as it now (lands, entirely agreeable to the Wilhes and Intention of the said Trustees, and to the Satisfaction of all the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That no Bill may be brought into the House,

For repealing or altering any of the Clauses or Provisions contained in the said recited Acts.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

Until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to carry into Execution several Acts for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of Southmolton, in the County of Devon, is referred.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Stoney thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of, or Middleton interested in, the several Commons and Waste Ground? Inclosure. within the Manor of Stoney Middleton, hi the County of Derby, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That the several Commons and Waste Grounds > within the said Manor, in their present Situation, are

incapable

2i Geo. III.

2° Februar

incapable of any considerable Improvepaent, but, if the same were divided and allotted amongst the several Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, it would be a manifest Improvement of their Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Thomas Toivujhend \Lord George and

Mr. Curzon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Dcibr, Ire. &Otds. '

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and " keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned,

" lying in the Counties of DLeicejicr, and " wick," and of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others. Inhabitants of the Counties of Derby and Leicester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and residing near the Road herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That great Progress hath been made in amending the Roads comprised in the said Act, for which Purpose considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, which remain unpaid; and that the Amendment of the Roads comprised in the said Act, cannot be completed, and the same kept in Repair for the future, and the Money due be repaid, with the Interest thereon, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and some further Powers granted; and that a public Highway, branching from a Part of the Road comprised in the said recited Act, between llfeasham, in the County of Derby, and Burton upon 'Trent, in the County of Stafford near Walton Way Gate,

to the Turnpike Road leading from Measham aforesaid, to Athcrjtone, in the County of Warwick, near The BuWs HeadAlehouJ'ein Twycrof in the County of Leicester, is, in many Parts, in a ruinous Condition, and in the Winter Seafoufo bad, that Carriages cannot pass through the same without great Danger, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill foreffeeling the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Pochin, tec.: And they are to meet upon Tuesday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Thomas For Ac, Esqu i re, of Halt on in the Parish of Long Prefion, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Township of West Ilalton, in the Parish of Long Prefion afore-

laid, certain Moors and uncultivated Lands and Grounds, which are the sole Property of the Petit ioner, some Parts whereof are open, and other Parts ineloled, bat insufficiently fenced; and that the said Lands and Grounds might be greatly improved, if the same were properly inclosed andfenced, and also drained, manured, and put in a State of Cultivation, and if a new Farm House, and also an additional Number of Cottages, Barns, Buildings, and other Conveniencie6, were made thereon; and that the making of the said Improvements would be very advantageous to the Petitioner, and to all Persons who will be entitled to the Reversion and Voi. 38.

Remainder of the fa hi Lands and Grounds-, but the same will be attended with couflderabte Expence; and that the Petitioner is willing to make such Improvements as aforesaid, «nd to defray the Expence attending the fame, in case he shall be enabled to charge the said Lands and Grounds with such Sum of Money, towards reimbursing him the said Expence, as the House shall think proper and reasonable: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for eHefting the Purposes before-mentioned* in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as to the House lhAli feern meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Clavering, Sir George and Mr. Dun-

combe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Commissioners for executing an WaPP'n8 Act of Parliament, made ami passed in the Seventeenth Street*. Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, " A11 " Act for opening Communications between Happing " Street and Ratcliff.Highway, and between Old Gravel " Lane and Virginia Street, and for paving certain " Streets intended to be built, and also certain other " Streets and public Passages and Places, within the " Parishes of Saint George -and John of " in the County of Middlesex" and also of leverul of the principal Inhabitants of the said Parish of George, was presented to the House, and read; 'Setting forth, l hat the said Commissioners have pavedthe greatest Part of the Streets* Lanes, Passages, and Places, in the said Act mentioned, and directed to be paved, and have likewise opened a Communication from Wapping , through Bird Street, to Ratcliff Highway; and that the said Coimn illioners apprehending that Red Lyon Street and Queen's Head A ller/, leading from Wapping Street to Gree Bank, were within their J urisdiction, and directed by the said Act to be paved under their Direction, did accordingly proceed to pave (he fame, and com pleated the Pavement thereof, in the bell Manner with Six-Inch Granet, at the Expence of£. 450, or thereabouts, and made a Rate on the Inhabitants of the said Places, and caused Distresses to be made on some of the Inhabitants of Red Lyon Street, to enforce the Payment thereof, but

Doubtsbavingarifenwhetherthe said StreetwaSunder the Jurisdiction of the said Comm i Ifioners, or of the Persons appointed by an Act, made in tine Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving Wapping Street, and several other Places in the said Act mentioned, Actions were brought against the Magistrates who signed the Warrants of Dilirefs, and; upon Trial of one of the said Actions in Trinity Ter in last, the said Street was adjudged not to be within the District directed to be paved by the said Commissioners, inConsequence whereof they are utterly deprived of any Method of reimbursing themselves the said Sum of £. 450* and that there are several other Streets, Avenues, and other Open Passages and Places, within the said Parish of'

Saint George, which are not comprised in the said first-mentioned Act, the better paying of which, and removing and preventing all Obstructions, Annoyances, and Incroachments therein, would not only be advantageous to the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint George, but of great public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for reimbulling the said Commissioners the Money so expended us aforesaid, and for paving such Streets, Avenues, and other public Passages and Places within the said Parish of Saint George, as are not comprised within the said Act of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or within any other Act, and for removing and preventing all Obstructions, Annoyances, and Incroachments therein, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration

Winfarthing

Indoiure.

Kington

Inclosure.

168

Februarii.

A. 1781.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Byng, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, &c.,: And they are to meet upon Tuesday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable William Charles F.arlof Albemarle, an Infant, by the honourable Augufius Keppel, his Guardian, Lord of the Manor of Win-farthing Infoken and Outfoken, and also Patron of the Advowson and Rectory of the Parish Church of Winfarthing, in the County of Norfolk, the Right honourable Ann Countess Dowager of Albemarle, John Buxton, Esquire, and of several other Owners of Estates in the said Parish of Winfarthing, entitled to certain Rights of Common within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Common Fields, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and there are certain Rights of Common of Paliure, Sheepwalk, and Shackage, and other Rights and Interests, in and over the fame; and that, if the said Rights were extinguished, and the said Common Fields, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands were divided, and specific Allotments thereof made to the Petitioners, and all other Persons, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein, the same might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bifl for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds under such Regulations as the House shall think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edward AJtley and Mr. Coke of Norfolk, do prepare and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Henry Cecil, Esquire, and John Haynes, Gentleman, Lord s of the M anor of King ton, in the Coun ty of Worcester, and of the said Henry Cecil, as Patron of the Parish Church of Kington aforesaid, and Impropriator of Part of the Great Ty thes arising within the said Parish, and likewise Proprietors of great Part of the Common Fields, and of other Commonable Lands, within the said Manor and Parish; of Henry Southall, Clerk, Rector of the said Parish of Kington, and in Right of the Rectory of Kington aforesaid, entitled to the Glebe belonging to the said Parish, and to a certain Portion of the Great Tyfhes and all the Small Tythes arising within the said Parish, and of several other Owners of Lands and Tenements within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish and Manor, several Open or Common Fields, and also certain Parcels of Common and Waste Land, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be advantageous to the Petitioners, if the said Common Fields, and Common and Waste Land, were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, and Common and Waste Land, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions as to the House shall appear reasonable and proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Thomas Bates Rous, Mr. Edward Foley, and Mr. Lygon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and p"at other Owners of Messuages, Tenements, Lands, and Grounds, in Great Ringfield, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within Ringfead Saint Andrczv> and Ringfield Saint Peter, together called Great Ring-Jlcad, in the County of Norfolk, several Lands and Grounds, called Whole Year Lands, Half Yrear Isnclosure, Open Field Lands, Breeks, Commons, and Wastes, containing together, by Estimation, Three thousand Acres; and there are several Rights of feeding Sheep and Great Cattle upon the said Half Year inclosures,

Open Field Lands, Breeks, Commons, and Wastes, and of cutting Whins, and other Rights and Interests upon the said Commons and Wastes; and some of the said Whole Year Lands, Half Year Inclosures, and Breeks, are inconveniently situatedfor the Owners and Proprietors thereof; and the said Open Field Lands Jie dispersed in very small Pieces: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for exchanging, dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Whole Year Lands, Half Year Inclosures, Open Field Lands, Breeks, Commons, and Wastes, and for extinguishing all Rights of feeding Sheep and Great Cattle, and all other Rights and Interests in, over, and upon the said Half Year Inclosures, Open Field Lands,

Breeks, Commons, and Wastes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edward AJlley, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, and Sir Harbord Harbord, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Joseph Wilcox Piercey and George How- Coventty lette, Gentlemen, Sheriffs of the City of Coventry, was tlcftion' presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That at the late General Election, the late Sheriffs of the said City, the Petitioners Predecessors in Office, made a Special Return to the Writ of Election for the City of Coventry, importing that they could not catifeTwo Citizens to be chosen, because of Tumults, Obstructions, and Riots, and that a Free Election could not be had; and that the House was pleased to postpone the Hearing of the Matter of the said Return to the 25th of January last, and in the mean Time ordered a new Writ of Election; and that the Petitioners, in obedience to the said Writ, proceeded in due and proper Form to the Execution thereof, and the Election came on at the said City of Coventry upon the 29th Day of November, 1780; and that the Petitioners have been able, not without great Difficulties, to go through the said EIe61ion, after aPoll that lasted Twenty-nine Days, and in which 2618 Persons voted, 1295 for John Baker Holroyd, 1298 for Edward Roe Yeo, Esquires, 1319 for Sir Thonias Hall if ax,

Knight, and 1318 for Thomas Rogers, Esquire; and the Petitioners have accordingly made a Return that the said SivThomas Hallifax and were duly elected;

and that nevertheless the Circumstances of Tumult, Disturbance, Violence, and Outrage, attending the said Election, were such, and of such Danger, not only to^ the Petitioners in the Execution of their Duty, and to others concerned in the Election, but, in the Petitioner? Appreliension, were of such Consequence to the City of which they have the Honour to be Magistrates, and to the Peace and Freedom of Elections, the Laws of their Country, the Rights of all the Commons of England, and the Privileges and Authority of this honourable House, that they conceive it to be their indispensable Duty to lay the same before the House, and by this their Petition to reclaim and pray for that Protection and Support to themselves and to the Laws of their Country, which they are entitled to expect from this honourable House, when acting as the Servants of the House, and under the immediate Authority thereof, in the Duty of their Office;

a i Geo. III. 2° iFebrudfii. if?9

fice; and therefore they must, and they now do, in their own proper Persons and official Character, complain to the House of the Violation of the Peace and Freedom of Election, committed at and during the fame, under the Petitionersown imrpediateView, to the great Distur-hmiceand Interruption of the El etion, the imminent Danger of the Persons of the Petitioners and others ofli-cialiy employed therein, inContempt of Magillracy.and in open and manifest Defiance of the Laws of the Land, and of I he Authority of this House, in Breach of the Privileges of this House, and Violation of the Rights of the Commons of Great Britain; and that the Pet i t ioners can -not, in this Petition, (iateallthe Particularsof theViolence of which they complain, and which they can make appear to the House, hut it is necelfory to mention feme of the Inllances which the Petitioners were able upon the Spot, and in the very Act, indantly to conflate and reduce to a Certainty, both as to the Acts themselves, and some of those principally guilty therein; and the Petitioners beg Leave to inform the House, that, foreseeing the Difficulties that, under the particular Circumstances then existing, might attend the Election on which they were to prelide, and warned by the disagreeableConfe-quences of what had happened at the preceding one, which proved ineffectual, they were resolved to observe the utmost Caution, as well as Purity, in their Proceedings, and therefore, immediately before proceeding in the Election, they, by an Act openly published, appointed a Learned Gentleman, in whom they had full-Confidence as qualified for the Charge, to be their Affefior, by whole Opinion every Matter of Law that might occur during the Election, should be determined, and with whose Assistance and Advice they might be the better enabled to maintain the Respect due to Authority and Magistracy, and to preserve Peace and Order: With these Precautions, the Petitioners had Reason to hope that Peace and Order could hardly have departed from an Election so conducted; but they are fofry to say that the Spirit of Tumult and Riot which has too often appeared in Elections for the City of Coventry, of which there are but too many In fiances and Proofs upon the Journals of the House, was not upon the last Occasion to be prevented from breaking forth, nor to be extinguished even by all that Justice and Impartiality which was observed in taking the Poll; the Authority of Magistracy was exerted firmly, but with Moderation and Temper almost unheard of, and wholly unknown in the City of Coventry on such Occasions, the Form in which the Civil Power appeared having been the moll innocent and harmless that it could possibly assume} the Petitioners, for saving Blood (lied, which, from many woeful Examples in the City of there was too much Real'011 to apprehend, to be advised at the Peril, even at the Displeasnre and Ceufure of the House, neither to call in the Afiif'tance of a single Constable, nor to use a Badge of Authority more formidable titan the White Wands of the Petitioners, and of the Officers attending them, to the Number of Eight or Nine in all. Servants of the City. In the Dead of the Night preceding the Day of Election, an immenle Number of People look Possession of the large Market Place, and the Booth erected in Front thereof for taking the Poll, when the Petitioners came to it, was wholly inclosed dole up to the Bread of it, by a Crowd as thick as they couid Hand, which continued there without moving so much as to have the Appearance of any one changing his Place even at the very Bread of the Booth, from the Time the Election opened, at Ten o'Clock, till Three in the Afternoon, when the Poll adjourned. In the faccceding Night, the Marketplace was again taken Possession of in the same Manner, a large Fire was lighted in the Market Place, round which the Crowd kept, and a Quantity of Straw was brought into the Poll Booth, where as many lay as it would hold, as the Petitioners were informed. The People so assembled, Vol. jl>.

were supplied with Liquor all the Night; arid one of Coventry the Public Bells, which was heard over all the Town; Election. rung at particular Hours for a Signal, as the Petitioners have heard, for relieving those who were thus keeping Guard in the Market Place and Poll Booth. In this Manner, Matters continued to go on without Variation for the First Two Days and Nights of the Election:

The Consequence was; that it was not possible for any one Person to approach the Poll Booth but at the Will; and by the Permidion, of the People who inclosed it a* above, and of whom certain Persons well known and distinguished, always kept the same Stations arid Places quite at or near the Bread of the Booth: There was clear Evidence, not only from the Persons who thus kept Pofiession, but from their open and avowed Language, that they were there for the Purpose of hindering any from coming to poll, but whom they chose should:

These People were impressed to believe that Voters had a Right to keep Pofiession of the Place of Election in that Manner, and could not be removed till they h-'d given their Votes; and the Petitioners were told, by the Persons themselves, and by those who spoke in their Behalf in Answer to any thing that dropt from the Petitioners and their Assessor, that this was the Law of Election: They were told, that all the People standing in Front of the Booth, were Freemen and Voters, and that the Petitioners would be guilty of a Breach of their Duty if they attempted to remove them: The Effect was, that during the First Days of the Poll, a very small Number of the Voters for one Set of the Candidates could by any Means whatever get up to the Booth to poll; and Notices signed by Numbers of Voters were conveyed to the Petitioners in the Booth, complaining that they could procure no Access, and demanding that a Way should be opened and made free for that Purpose, which the Petitioners were fendble it was not in their Power to effect without using a Force which they had not attheir Command; they were fendble of the Dan-ger of using any Means of Force if they had had them/ or, if the Occaiioirdiad admitted of using Force, seeing plainly that Blooddied would be the Consequence: The First Day the Petitioners were alarmed with a Scuffle, which plainly pointed out the Consequence of violent Measures; there were a very few of the ot-dinary Con-ftnbles attending at the back Entrance to the Hall of Justice, adjoining to which the Poll Booth is CrCfled, when the Petitioners came there the Morning of the Election, but the Petitioners did not order them to any Duty, or to go to the Election Booth, not having been called, for no particular Instructions were given them:

The Petitioners, before the Poll had begun, were fur* prized with a Noise and Disturbance from under the Axchway by one End of the Booth where the Pump stands, and in a Moment there came a Shower of Constables long Staves, and some of a diort Make (which the Petitioners never hadfeen, and which they and their Affeilor expressed their Disapprobation of in theftrongeft Terms when they appeared) thrown into the Poll Booth, which had been wrested out of the Hands of the Constables, it was said, in a Struggle between them and Part of the Crowd l'urrounding the Booth; the Petitioners do not know how the Scuffle began, otherwise than that it was said the Condables, by Directions of some Person the Petitioners do not know, and could by no Enquiry they made learn whom, were attempting to make a Pafifage to the Booth by that particular Approach where the Scuffle took Place, for Voters who wanted to come and poll; after this, there was not a Constable or Condables Staff appeared during the whole Election, except the High Constable's, who flood within the Booth; during the First Days of the Poll, the Peti- t ioners saw from the Booth divers Acts of Violence at different Times, but at such a Distance from the Booth, that they could make no Interposition in Time to prevent the Mischief; they saw within their View

X x Person*

w

170

1° Pebrua f ii. 1781.

C/ventry

tlcitrcn.

Persons buttled, as it is there called, or run o(T, pulled and dragged by many, puttied by others, and beat and mal-treated in that Manner, running the Gauntlet for a large Spate of Way, till forced off the Spot round the Booth and out of the Circle of the Crowd; and upon the 30th of November, the Second Day of the Poll, the

Petitioners were interrupted with One Example of that Nature, and they went out of the Booth with their Under Sheriff and Bailiff, they pursued the Object, and ref-cued the Person, who was a Voter; of the Fact they made an immediate Declaration in the Nature of a Record upon View, accompanied with the Declarations of the Parties and Witnesses; Facts of a similar Nature happened on the 4th and 5th of , and the Peti-

tioners pursued the same Measures upon thofeOecafions: That, on the 5th, there was the Cali; of a Soldier, who was a Voter, and, as afterwards appeared, was in Custody of a Civil Officer in Arrest for Debt, who had given him Leave to give his Vote before being carried to C>aol; when coming to poll, he was seized by some Soldiers as a Deserter, and carried away to the House of a Magistrate; the Under Sheriff followed him, and, with the Assistance of an honourable Gentleman, a Member of this House, brought back the Prisoner, and the FaCl of the Arrest being established by the Officer, he, after giving his Poll, was delivered over to the Officer who had him in Custody, and carried to Gaol, where he remained without any other Cause of Detention, as the Gaoler testified by his Declaration; and that the Candidates, the Voters for whom were prevented from Access in the Manner above-mentioned, having, during these First Days of the Poll complained in a very urgent Manner, to the Petitioners, demanding the Interposition of Authority to procure equal and indifferent Access to Voters of all Sides, the Petitioners, by the Mouth of their Assessor did declare, in the moll public and serious Manner, that the Obstructions complained of, were absolutely dellructive of the Freedom of Election, and that an Election, carried under the Influence of such a forcible Obstruction |o Voters, was not free, and would be void: It was represented, that the Law, for the Sake of the Freedom of Election, had re-ftrgined from such Measures of legal Force as might, on other Occasions, be resorted to; that it was plain the Use of Constables in this same would only produce such Violence and Riot as might be very dangerous, without dist who was guilty; and that the Notions of the Law of Election, which the People seemed to have learned, were erroneous: That if the Voice of the Law, and the Commands of the Magistrates, were not of Efficacy to maintain Order, Peace, and Access to vote, violent Measures would only lead to great Mischief and Bloodffied; but that if free Access was not permitted, it would be doing an Injury to the Law, and sacrificing the Freedom of Election, to permit a Poll to proceed in such a Manner. The Petitioners afterwards published through the City a Proclamation, in the strongest Terms, exhorting to and commanding the Peace and Freedom of Election to be preserved inviolate. After Two Days of the Poll, an Agreement was entered into, and signed by the Candidates, and some of their Friends, in Consequenceofa Proposal made by the one Party, and acceeded to by the other, that, upon Sir Thomas Hdll\fax and Mr. Rogers contenting that there should be polled 150 Votes for Colonel Holroyd and Mr. Yeo, above the Number polled for the other Gentlemen, the Friends of both Parties should concur to procure a Lane to be opened in Front of the Booth, for the Voters to come up to poll freely and without Interruption; and this Agreement the Petitioners and their Assessor were called upon by all the Candidates to countenance; but the Petitioners were advised, that the Law and Authority which was in their Hands were too sacred to be exposed to Contempt; that as it was their Warrant, lb it ought to be »h°ir otjly Support and Protection to which they were

to trust; that it tto way* belonged to them to take any Part in a Compromise that, bore the Aspert of compounding for the Peace and Freedom of Election: flic Petitioners only expressed their Satisfaction if any Measure had the EflVCt to redeem them from the difitgree-alde Dilemma they were in; and to prevent Tumult and Riots; and the Agreement was publicly intimated to the furreunding Croud, who had for so many Days kept the Booth under their Power and in their Possession; the Notification was made by lVrloni) in whom they bad Confidence; it had an Effect which the Law anil Authority had not produced; a Lane was formed for the Voters to come up; and this Lane was kept by Gentlemen, some of them of great Rank and figure, among whom were a noble Lord ami an honourable Gentleman, both Members of this House, who condescended, upon the Occasion, to act the Part of Constables for a Day or two. Tired out at length in the disagreeable Service, it was proposed that a Wav should be raised in for the Voters to come up; and;accordingly a Rail was permitted to be erected, though the Petitioners had not been able to get any Bar, or Convenience of the Kind, made before, as they had desired and ordered, by Reason of the constant Possession held of the Booth by the Multitude, and their Opposition to the Attempt, which defeated the Endeavours of the Tradesmen employed to do the Work. For some Weeks after this Agreement, the Poll went on, without any considerable Interruption: At different Times there were Instances to be seen from the Booth, of the Practice above-mentioned of hufiling, as it is called, Persons through the Crowd, and forcing them away in the Manner before described; but they were generally at some Distance from the Booth, and the Persons not prel'enting themselves to complain of the Mai treatment, the Petitioners, rather than give Occasion to retard the Poll, or create more Confuflon, chose to take no Notice of the Acts; the Entrance to the Rail-way was alf'o frequently stopped up, and Voters who were not to the Liking of the Crowd were not fufftred to come forward, which obliged the Petitioners and the Under Sheriff, with their Officers, to go in Person to remove the Obstruction, which, after Efforts that were fruitless by reason of Violence and Opposition, at length succeeded, by the Aid and Interposition of the Candidates of one Side, and their Friends, who had undertaken for the Performance of the Agreement. On Monday the 18 th of a Question occurred, wholly unforeseen to the Petitioners, and the Occasion of which was entirely unknown to them, or their Assessor: Considerable Number of Freemen having been admitted and enrolled by the Council, which, by the Constitution of the City of Coventry, is the Body competent to the Admission of Freemen, upon their antecedent 'Title of Servitude (which constitutes the Right of Election in the City of Coventry) one of them presented himself to vole, which produced an Objection to all under that Description; the Objection was argued, at great Length, by the CounlcI on both Sides; and the Petitioners Assessor, after having, at some Length, and in pretty strong Terms, expressed his Sentiments, as no ways partial or favourable to the Circumstances of that occasiona! Kind of Admission, though clearly excepted in the Acts against oecasional Freemen, upon the Ground of the Nature of 1 lie Title, took Time to give his Decision, and particularly to consider the same of Bristol, determined in the last Parliament, the Facts of which were not agreed upon by the Counsel. Two Days after, the Assessor of the Petitioners gave his Opinion very fully, in a written Argument, founded upon the Principles and Authoritiestif Law, the Usage of other Places, as well as the City of Coventry, of which there was Evidence, and more particularly upon the Determination of the same of Bristol, by which he conceived he was absolutely bound down: It was accordingly decided, that the Enrollment during the Poll was

110

2 i GEd. lit. i ° Februarii 17 fr

rto Objection to the Admissibifity of the Votes claimed; the Petitioner's Assessorat the same Time declared he was toady to hear the Counsel, if they would point out to turn any Authority or Precedent that would let into an fenquirv into the Title of the newly-inrolled Freemen, who had been admitted by the Authority only competent thereto- which the Counsel for the Objoftion, after a Day' s Confi leration, and after all the Objectors were, by a Stretch of Candour, which, as the Petitioners are informed, was perhaps not strictly justifinble in Point of permitted to ask the Voters so admitted, what Questions they thought fit, as to their Title and Admis-fion; the Effect of this Decision, unavoidable as it was, and given with Impartiality, wasto renew with redoubled Violence the ObstructionsandDisturbance that prevailed before the Agreement had been made, so that the Poll was again interrupted, and absolutely flopped, and the Petitioners and their Assessor obliged to fit from Ten o'Cloclt in the Morning till Four in the Afternoon, suffering the most outrageous Insults and daring Attacks upon their Persons: For Three successive Days did Things continue in this State, the Multitude, to the Number of Thousands rather than Hundreds, occupying the large Space of the Market Place, close encompassing the Booth on all Sides, and keeping it under their Power, remained, without moving, in that Situation, declaring, in the most riotous and disorderly Manner, that they would never differ one of those new-enrolled Freemen to vote, and giving every Sign of Violence they could by their Tongues and their Gedures, uttering most dreadful Threatenings against the Petitioners and their Assessor, and other Persons who were obnoxious to them, accompanied with the most horrible an-d profane Cursing and Imprecations, and all Manner of foul and opprobrious Epithets, too gross to be mentioned: The Language was, " They would breakfad <( upon Blood — they would dine upon Blood — they " would live upon Blood — they would tear Limb from " limb — they would wash their Hands in Bloodand when the Petitioners, or their Assessor, from the Booth, attempted to interpose, to exhort, or command to Peace, Pebble Stones, Sludge, and Dirt, in great Plenty, were thrown at them: The Candidates themselves, to whose Interest these riotous People pretended to be affected, and who had in the Beginning of the Election declared, that to the prudent Conduct which had been pursued, was owing the Preservation of many Lives; said, that all possible Pains had been used to make them quiet, but that one might as well speak to the Pavement as to them; adding, that they were afraid to seem to inler-pose with them, led it might be thought they had the Direction of them: In the Course of One whole Day only a very few Voters were polled, which those Guards of the -Approach to the Booth permitted to come up, because they did not dispute their Title; and the Petitioners patiently waited, enduring all the Insult and Abuse, and declaring against varying the Mode of taking the Votes, though thereto repeatedly pressed by Voters who could not get Access in the usual Way till Fonr o'Clock, the usual Hour for adjourning the Poll: The next Day was spent in the same Manner, with an Increase of Outrage; the Candidates of the one Side demanded, of the Friends of the other, the Performance of the Agreement, to which Answers were made verbally, and read in Writing, refusing that the Agreement applied to the New Freemen, and some of them saying, not very prudently, that instead of affiding to procure them Access, they would rather prevent it: A Freeman, in the Uniform of the Militia, who by some Means or other had got within the Railway, and come up to the Front of the Booth w as immediately dragged from the Place with great Force and Violence, and was introduced within the Booth by the Communication through the Public Hall, called the Mayor's Parlour, with the Marks of the Violence be had differed upon him; whereupon the Assessor of the Petitioners, after Yol. 38.

very fully explaining, in the Hearing of all present, the Mischief and dangerous Consequences of fitch a Contempt and Defiance of all Law and Authority, advised to attempt taking the Poll of the Person \Vlio had been so abided within the Booth; lipdrt this, those without the Booth, in great Numbers and by Force, broke into the Booth; intimriting, by their Words and Actions, their Purpose to put their Threatienings into Execution; they qitite enclosed and surrounded the Petitioners and their Aflelfor within the Booth, and with the utmost Difficulty vVere kept; by the Entreaties and by the Exertions of some df thieir own Friends, from proceeding to farther Extremities; in that Situation they continued till Four o'Cloek, when they retired, to let the Adjournment of the Poll be proclaimed. The next Day the same Scene was renewed in every Part; the Poll was not allowed to proceed, but just as these Rioters and disorderly Persons, who were the fame, from Day to Day, plealed: They were Matters of every Thing; the Assessor of the Petitioners again represented, in the warmest and most inoffensive Manner, not only the Danger but the Folly of such Conduct, and the ill Consequences they exposed themselves to; but the Booth was again broke into, in the same Mariner as the Day before, in Spite of a very firong Refinance made by some of their own Party who did all they could, by main Force, and the utmost Exertions of bodily Strength, to oppose and keep down with their Hands, and in every possible Way, the Persons who were leaping over the Breast of the Booth; thofd who made that Resistance seemed to be very much afraid of the Consequences, for they not only opposed the Attempt to their utmost, but swore they would themselves knock down the first Man that attempted, to touch any Person in the Booth, particularly the Assessor of the Petitioners, whom they mentioned by Name: To those Persons who made the Resistance, ii was probably owing, that no further Mischief was done; for when the Assessor of the Petitioners was quite enclosed and surrounded, they exerted themselves to the utmost, by streteking out their Arms, and pushing, with all their Strength, to keep the Crowd off', and preserv a Space clear in a very small Circle, till at last they prevailed upon the People to go out of the Booth, when Four o'Clock came, and the Poll was adjourned: In this State the Poll was adjourned over to Tuesday, Sunday and Chrijhnas Day intervening, on

which Day the Assessor to the Petitioners was called to in the Streets to take Care, he would be polled Tomorrow (alluding to an El eft ion Phrase in which signifies the Practice of forcing off and abusing Voters, in the Manner before described ;) a large Stone was also thrown at him and the Under Sheriff in the Streets, which only touched the Under Sheriff's Leg, without Hurt. On Tuesday Morning the Booth was surrounded in the same Manner, and by the same People, as the preceding Days: Before attempting to proceed in the Business of the Poll, the Assessor to the Petitioners, having the justest Reason from Appearances to apprehend a Renewal of the former Scenes, began with representing, in their proper Colours, the Proceedings of the pall Days, and the Necessity there was for doing every Thing that the Law would do by such Means as could be used eonfiftently with the Cir-cumstances peculiar to an Election, for the Protection and Security of those employed in the Execution of their Duty under legal Authority, and for attaining the Ends of His Majesty's Writ of Election: He observed, that it was then morally certain, from the Voices of the Persons. and the State of the Poll, that there was not One of those surrounding the Booth who had the Pretence (insufficient as it was) that had been adopted in the Beginning of the Election, it being wellknou-n, that all of them who were Freemen had voted; he said, he would not wish rashly to change their Situation, and to put them into one of greater Danger,

and

Coventry

Coventry

Woroefter

Hlrftion.

172

and he knew the tender and delicate Ground he was going to enter upon; but he thought it his Duty to the Laws of his Country and to them, to warn them of the Hazard they might run by persisting in such Jawless and riotous Acts* and therefore, though he did not meanito read the Proclamation of the Riot Act, unless absolutely drawn to it as the lad Remedy, and although, if it were read, it was impossible in the present same to carry into Effect the most dreadful Part of that Statute, as there neither was, or could be, a necessary Force present when an Election was going on, yet they ought to be informed, that if they refitted the Commands of the Proclamation, when made according to the Statute, and continued together for no other Purpose but to persevere in so flagrant a Violation of the Freedom and Peace of Election ,they might incur a Capital Felony; and to apprize them of their Risk, he would only read the Act, hoping that foine of the Friends of these deluded People would explain the Consequences to them. The Act was accordingly read over at length; and the Observation made upon it by one who was acting as an Assistant Agent for one Side of the Candidates, was, that he supposed the Gentlemen knew that a Sheriff had once been sent to Newgate for reading the Riot Act at an Election, not considering the Difference between prostituting Office and the Law for base Purposes, and using them for protesting and promoting the Ends of both: This Information had probably some Effect to give Weight to the Influence which had been used by the Friends of these People, and fortunately their Attention was divided by another Question, respecting the Right of a large Number of Freemen" who belong loan Hospital in the Nature of The Charter Hous, the Hearing of which Question, and Evidence upon it, took up all that Day, and ended in a Decision to their Willi; but to whatever the Effect was owing, the Poll was allowed to proceed, without Interruption, till the Election was finished. The Petitioners thought it their Duty to lay these Matters before this honourable House, conceiving the y justly merit the Attention thereof, that by a seasonable Interpofnion of their Authority, some Check may be put to the like in future, and the Peace and Freedom of Election secured in Coventry, and such Proceedings not drawn into evil Example elsewhere: The Petitioners only further say, that among the principal Actors in the aforesaid Violences and riotous Acts, so far as they could be marked and distinguished in the Confusion, were , a Soldier in the

Inniskilling Regiment of Dragoons, Edioard,

a private Man in the Warwickshire Militia ley, Baker, Edward Berry Freckleton, V\6tua.ller, Thomas Corbett, Weaver, William Harris, Gardiner, Richard Kevilt, Feltmonger, William Oldham, Mercer, Joseph Saiorey, Breeches Maker, James Burden, Barber, Dickifon, Silk Weaver, Thomas Pilchard, Labourer, John Capper, Carpenter, William Stratford, Silk Weaver, Samuel Twist, Collar Maker, Charles Sprigg, Butcher, all of the City of Coventry: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to do thereupon as to them may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of William Mathers, one of the Aldermen of the City of Worcester, complaining of some of the Allegations contained in the Petition of the Right honourable Sir Watkin Lewes, Knight, Lord Mayor of the City of London (which was presented to the House upon the 20th Day of November last, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Worcester) and desiring to be heard, by his Counsel, before the Committee to be appointed for taking the said Petition of Sir Watkin Lewes into Consideration, being offered

to be presented to the House j iG

A. i 78 r #

And a.Motion being rfiade, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Edward Sadler, Esquirc4, do atlctid this House, upon WedneJ'day Morning next, to t:e examined as a Witness, touching the Matters contained in the several Petitions presented to this House, upon the 20th Day of November lai!, relating to the Return of the Sheriffs of the City of Coventry, at the iati General Election. '

Ordered, That William Johnson do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Richard Neale do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Richard Wagdoattend this House,

at the same Time.

Ordered, That John Neale do attend this Houfi»‘, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Joseph Lee do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Richard Jones do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Joseph Coleman do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Abraham Mdo attend this House,

at the same Time.

Ordered, That Robert Cooper do attend this House, at the same Time. ~

Ordered, That William Wother wife Stubbs, do

attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Rowland Farmer O'ceover, Esquire, do

attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That the Reverend Samuel Chambers do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Joseph Hewitt, Esquire, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Jeremiah Ijoioe, Esquire, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Thomas ZaV//e, Esquire, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That M r. Samuel Payne do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Ball do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That the Reverend John Eyre do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. George Eld do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Joseph Eld do attend this House; at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Ilolbeach doattend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Jaques do attend this

House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Marsh do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Joseph do attend this

House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Aston do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Gamble do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Peters do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. James Hado attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Grant do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John L attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Parr do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. FrancisBlick do attend this House, at the same Time.

2b FebruariL

Coventry

2 r Geo. III. 2* Februarii. 173

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Singleton do attend tins

House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Gilbert do attend this Hcufa, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Eyre do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Clay do attend this House, at the same Time

Ordered, That Mr. Jcfoph Boyce do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Boyce do attend this House, at the same Time-

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Smith do attend this House, at the fame1 Time.

Ordered, Trlat Mr. John Brockhurji do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Docker do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Jarvis do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Gibbons Junior, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr, Samuel Pinckes do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Nathaniel Lowe do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Pickering do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Hutchins do attend this I Ioufe, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. George Taylor do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Dofhinick Dillon do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Valentine Harrison do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Thomas Crump do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Francis Littlewood do attend this House, at the same Titee.

Ordered, That Edward Palmer da attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That William M do attend this House, <*e the same Time.

Ordered, That Eager Hill do attend this House, at the same Tiltoe.

Ordered, That JeremiahGoodali do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Jof. Barton do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Williapt Rrnvfy do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That James Walter do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Edward Bird do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That John Fisher do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Thomas Bradburn do attend this Nottie, at the same Time.

Ordered, That William East do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That John Gardner do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That MatthewJoliffe do attend this House,

at the same Time.

Ordered, That Abraham Baker do attend this House,

at the same Time »

Ordered, That Samuel Roberts do attend this House, at the same Ti,n»e.

... Ordered, That Thomas Phillips do attend this House, ftilfefamc Time.

Ordered, That Thomas Barr do attend this House,

the same Time.

'>' The Petitioner Thomas Wooldridge, Esquire, and the

' Vot. 38.

Agent for the said other Petitioners, tind the Counsel and Agents for the Sitting Member before-mentioned, being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attentFthe laid Select Committee* delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been struck by the said Petitioner and the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Fourteen Members then remaining unstruck j to which tail mentioned Lift the Name of Onslow, Esquire,

being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Charles Morgan, Esquire, the honourable Charles Marsham, Abraham Rawlinjyn, Esquire, Sir Edward Aflley, Baronet, William Graves, Esquire, Thomas Bates Rous, Esquire, Lord Viscount Lewi/ham, Henry Dun-combe, Esquire, Frederick Montagu, Esquire, william Pochin, Esq t li re, Philip Yorke of Cambridgeshire, Esquire, John Parry, Esquire, Francis Hale, Esquire,

Goddard, Esquire, George Onflrnv, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Thomas Wooldridge, Esquire; and also the Petition of William Prentice, Richard Blake, John Lewis, William Couling, and John Harper, Electors of the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, now taken into Consideration, were fivorn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the said Petitioner Thomas Wooldridge, Esquire, and the Agent lor the said other Petitioners, and the Counsel and Agents for the Sitting Member, withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the First Committee Chamber, appointed for Hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to H is Majesty, that He will he graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums of Money which have been i£fued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Addrefa be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's moll honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employingConviction the River 7'hames>and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for extending the Provisions of Three Acts, made in the Eighteenth, Nineteenth, and Twentieth Years of His present Majesty *s Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to, Prizes taken from the States General of the United Provinces; for declaring what Goods shall be deemed Military or Ship Stores; for regulating the Sale of, and ascertaining the Duties upon, East India Goods condemned as Prize in the Port of London s and for permitting the Purchasers of Prize Goods condemned Abroad, to import fiuch Goods into this Kingdom, under the like Regulations and Advantages as are granted by Law to Captors tfiemselves: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report t heir Opinion from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to he revived or continued.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Qrd, Sir Grey Cooper, Sec.: And they are to meet upon TueJUay

Yv Morning.

Account of Money iflWd on Addre&t.

Account of tho tltuoternrcc of

Couti^s.

Prix# Goods*

Expiring;

Laws.

iy4' 2 °- — 6° Februarii. A.i' % r.

Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Militi* Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Estimate. an Estimate of the Change of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia for the Year 1781:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Sir Grey Cooper. &c; And they are to meet upon Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Importation . ^jr> John Robinson, according to Order, reported

*p? '.fJcV from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the

1 nrotvn oillc. „ ,

Bill for further continuing an Art, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of Fine Organz-'ned Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Marine Mr. Stephens presented to the House, according to Force*. Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Then the House resolved itself into the fair! Committee. ‘ j

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. f

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refomed the Chair.

Mr- Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Reiblution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.;

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That, he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit. again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further-of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. 1

The other Order of the Day being read; ‘ -

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, Juflico

at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill to enable all to ait in j

Persons, named in any Commission of the Peace, to act supprediogl

as Justices of the Peace, in the Sdpprelfion of Riots Kiou.

and Tumults, notwithstanding the y have not taken olit

their Dedimus Potestatem; and for enabling such Juf-

tices of the Peace to take the Oath of Qualification ia

the Manner therein directed. j

; 1

1

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Mariners and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve

in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels: And that Mr. Stephens and the Earl of Lijburne do prepare, and: bring in, the fame.

Encouragement Ordered, That Leave be given tobringina Billfor the ®f Seamen. Encouragement of Seamen, and for the more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty's Navy: And that Mr. Stephens and the Earl of Lijburne do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Welt on on Mr. Minchin presented to the House, according to

tlvs Green Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road Road. ' from a certain Gate on the Turnpike Road at or near the South End of 1 he Town of Wefion on the , in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road on Kidling! on Green, in the said County: And the same was ' received; and read the First Time. e

» Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Supply, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ' to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of the Supply granted to llis Majesty, be now read.

And the said Older being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House and Means, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Money remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1781, for the Dil of Parliament, of the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and locum brances thereupon, j>e referred to the said Committee.

Martts, 6° dieFebruarii 1

' 4 s v.

Anno 2i* Georgii IU*" Regis, 1781.

Praters.

THE Hour appointed for taking, into Consideration w-rcester the Petition of the Right honourable Sir WatJfjn Election. Lewes, Knight, Lord Mayor of the City and also the Petition of the Freemen of the City of Worcester, complaining of an undue LJe&iou and Return for the said City of fVorccfer, being (pome;,:

The House proceeded to the Appointment -of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits.of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on- the Business of the House.

And lie U'ent accordingly.

And being returned;

The House w'as counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Six Members being found to be' present j

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar:

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Confederation.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of ilie Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Nineteen Members thr u present w ere draw n, who were not object'd

And the Name of Sir John Baronet, be-

ing drawn, lie was nominated to serve <in the said Select

2i Geo. III.

6° Februa

175

left Committee by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, had commanded him' to acquaint this House, that He and his Name was fetafide. will give Directions accordingly.

And the Names of Fourteen other Members, then prefect, were drawn, who were not objected. to: A Petition of the Right honourable George Baron Chobham

And the Name of the Lord Mahon being drawn, he Onjlotv and Baron , was presented to the House, av 0 wre*

was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by and read; Setting forth. That within the Manor of the Couniel for the Petitioners, and his Name was let Chobham, in the Parish of Chobbam, in- the County of alide. Surrey, are between Five and Six thousand Acres of

And the Names of Sixteen other Members then pre- Land, lying wade and wholly uncultivated; and that,

sent, were drawn, who were not objected to ' the Petitioner is Lord of the said Manor ot Chobham,

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said and is very desirous that about Three thousand Acres of Names, the Names of Thirteen other Members, the said Waste Lands may be inclose and divided, and then present, were drawn, and set aside with the allotted to the Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Names of those who were absent from the Hereditaments, lying and being within the said Parish House; Two, on Account of their being Sixty of Chobham, in Proportion to their Property in the said Years of Age, or upwards, which they had be- Parish, as such Inclosure, Division, and Allotment, will fore verified upon Oath; Six, oft Account of be of considerable Advantage to the Owners of such their being Members against whose Returns Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments: And therefore Petitions were depending; and Five, on Ac- praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for count of their having already in this Session of inck>sing, dividing, and allotting, some Parts of the Parliament served on Select Committees. Waste Lands of the Manor of , in the Parish

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so of Chobham, in the County of Surrey. drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set alide, being Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-' complete, Lists of the said Names were delivered by suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir

the Clerk to the said Counsel. George Yonge and Mr. Thomas Onslow do prepare, and

And the Door of the House being opened; bring in, the fame.

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

ibin^too Mr. Frederick Montagu, from the Select Committee, Mon. who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Thomas Wooldridge, Esquire; and also the Petition- of William Prentice, Richard Blake, John Lewis, William Couling, and John Harper, Electors of the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

Tltat John Mayor, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess

to fe rve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks.

And the said -Determination was ordered to be en- tered in the Journals of this House.

Mr. Frederick Montagu also reported from the said Sde6t Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House; and hfe read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Refohed, That it appears to this Committee, That the Allegations contained in the Petition of Thomas Wooldridge, Esquire, being totally unsupported by any Evidence, the said Petition is vexatious, frivolous, and groimdless.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon To-tnorrow Seven night, the 14th Day of this Instant February.

Lord George Germain presented to the I louse, pursuant to their Order.

Abstract of the Troops under the Command of Sir Jleiuy Clinton, Knight of the Bath, taken from his Return, dated ift December 1779: And also,

Abstract of the Numbers of the Foreign Troops serving in Canada, taken from the Detail of the Mullers

of the said Troops in July 1780.

And the Titles of the said Abstracts were read. Ordered, That the lard Abstracts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of she House.

The said Abstracts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the House, That

their Address of Fridaylaft (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to giveDirections that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty Von. 38.

A Petition of the Moll noble John Duke of isle of Man.

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That by an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for carrying into Execution a Contract made, '

pursuant to an Act of Parliament of the Twelfth of his late Majesty',- King George the First, between the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury and the then Duke and Duchf fs of Atholi (at that Time the Proprietors of The Isle of Man) and tireit Trnflees, for the Purchase of the said Istand and its Dependencies, under certain Exceptions therein particularly named, it is enacted, that immediately after the Payment of the Sum ot £.70,000, by His Majesty, at the Time and in Manner therein mentioned, the Island, Castle, Peele, and Lordship of Man, and all the Iftatids and Lordships thereto appertaining, together with the Royalties, Regalities, Fran-cliifes. Liberties, and Sea Ports, to the same belonging, and all other Hereditaments and Premises comprized, mentioned, and granted, in the Letters Patent therein recited, bearing Date respectively the 6th April Seventh Henry Fourth, the 28th June Seventh James First, and 2d May Eighth James First, and the Act therein re-

cited, made in the said Eighth Year of the said King James the First, and every or any of them (except as thereinafter is excepted) should be, and they were thereby, unalienably veiled in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, freed and discharged from all Estates, Uses,

Trusts, Intaib, Reversions, Remainders, Limitations,

Charges, Incumbrances, Titles, Claims, ami Demands Whatsoever, as fully and entirely as if the said Letters Patent and Act of Parliament, and the Estates, Iiiterefts, Hereditaments, and Premifts therein, or in any of them, comprized, mentioned, and granted, were therein again transcribed and repealed: In which said Act is contained a Proviso, whereby it is enacted, that nothing iit the said Act contained should extend, or be construed to extend, to veil in His Majesty, His Heirs or Success'ors, the Patronage of the Bishopriok of the said Island of Man, or of the Bill mprick of Sodor, or of the Bishoprick of Sodor end Man, or the Temporalities of the said Bishoprick or Bishopricks, whenever it or they shall become vacant, or of the Right of Advowson, Patronage, Presentation, Collation, Donation, Nomination, or Free Disposition, of or to any Archdeaconries, Canonaries, Prebends, Colleges, Hospitals, Churches,

Chapels, Rectories, Vicarages, or other Eedefiallies 1 Benefices or Promotions whatsoever, within the said Klaud, Lordship, and Territory of or the De-

pendencies thereof, or any Hundreds, Wapentakes,

Manors,

17® FebruariL A. 1781.

Manors, Towns, Vills, Churches, Monasteries, Abbies, Priories, or the Scites, Circuits, or Precincts thereof. Farms, Messuages, Houses, Granges, Tofts, Cottages, Curtilages, Barns, Stables, Mills, Dovehouses, Orchards, Frttiteries, Gardens, Lands, Demesne Lands,

Glftie Lands, Meadows, Leafows, Feedings, Pastures, *i&*y*jQ lands. Woods, Underwoods,- Coppices, Trees, or the Soil cfr Ground thereof, Wastes, void Grounds, -Roads, Paths, Heaths, Furzes, Moors, Marches, Mines, of Lead or Iron, or other base Metals, Collieries, Quarries, Inland Waters, Pools, Fish Ponds, Water Courses, Streams, Rivulets, Aqueducts, Rents, Arrearages of Rent, Rent Services, Rent Charges, Rents Seek, Rents reserved, Annual Farm Rents, Fee Farm Rents, Rents of Assize, Annuities, Heriots, Services or Works of Tenants, either Free or Customary, Rectories, Tythes or Impropriations of Tythes, either Great or Small, Predial, Personal, or Mixed, Portions of Tythes, Pen* fions. Oblations, Obventions, Commons, Frankfolds, Eftovera, Commons of Eftovers, Turbaries, Ways, Passages, Easements, Forests, Parks, Liberties of Paries, Chafes, Lawns, Warrens, Afiarts, Purpreftfires, Chim-miuages, Hawkings, Huntings, Pifcaries, Fitilings, Fairs, Fair Days, Markets, Stallages, Tolls, Mulftures, Waifs, Estrays, Deodands, Wrecks of the Sea, Assize or Assay of Bread, Wine, or Beer, Fealties, Reliefs, Efclieats, Forfeitures, Goods and Chattels of Traitors, Felons, Clerks, Convict, Fugitives, Persons convictqd, attainted, condemned, outlawed, put in Exigent or landing mute, Suits of Tenants, Courts Baron, Profit* or Perquisit.es of Courts Baron, Fines, Amerciaments, pr any Thing to Courts Baron appertaining, or apy Profits, Commodities, Advantages, Emoluments, or Appurtenances, Spiritual or Temporal, to the said Veferved and excepted Premises, or any of them, belonging, incident, appendant, or in any wise appertaining, or any Interest therein, in Possession, Remainder, or Reverfiou, within the said Rland of Man, or any of the Blands and Dependencies to the same belonging; but that the fame, and every Part thereof, should (land and be fully and clearly excepted and re* served out of the said Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, and all and every the Provisions therein Contained, and should be, remain, and continue, veiled }i> such and the same Person and Persons, for such and the same Estate and Estates, and to and for such and the same Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as if the said Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty had never been made, and should $e holden of His Majesty,

1 Iis Heirs and Successors, by the said honorary Service of rendering to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, Kings and Queens of England, Two Falcons on the Days of their respective Coronations, and at and under the Yearly Rent of £. ioi. 15*. 1 id. to be paid at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at aforesaid -, and that, in several instances, the Reservations, Rights, and Interests, intended and agreed by the said Contraft between the said Commissioners of the Treasury and the said Duke and Dufchefs of AthoU, to be reserved to them, their Heirs and Successors, and to be fully and particularly excepted out of the said Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, require Explanation and Amendment, and in other Instances, proper Remedies or Powers were omitted to be given by the said A ft to the said Duke and Dutcbefs o (AthoU,their Heirs or Affigps, Senef-chals or Stewards, and Moars qr Bailiffs, for the obtaining the several Rights and Interests, qr for the Exercise and Eujoyment of those Rights whiqb in and by the said Act were agreed qr intended tq be reserved; and that the several Doubts, Difficulties, and Oniiffions, hereinbefore mentioned, cannot be effectually obviated or supplied, nor can many of the Records of the said Ulaud, which are so incorporated or intermixed as to be incapable of'Separation, be properly preserved, not only for the reciprocal Ule and Benefit of the 16

Crown, and of the said Duke bf AthoU, their respective Officers and Servants, but also for the Ule and Benefit of the Inhabitants of the said Ijleof , nor can the said John Duke oi AthoU obtain his just bights in some Instances, or be protected and quieted in the Exercise and Enjoyment of other his just Rights, or he enabled to take or ule luminary and adequate Remedies for the Recovery thereof, without the Aid and Au‘ho* rity of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bjll to explain and amend the said Act, made in the Fifth Year of Elis present Majesty, and to enable the said Duke and his heirs to obtain, exercise, and enjoy, certain Powers and Remedies therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Colonel Murray and Mr. Adam do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of Sir John St. Auby Baronet, and the principal Inhabitants of the 1'a.illi of Stoke Dumerel, in the County of Devon, and of the Town of.

Dock, within the said Parish, was p re fen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth. That llie said Sir John St. Aubyn is foiled in Fee of the said Parish of Stoke Damerel (except a finall Part thereof belonging to the Petitioner* James Furneauxand George Couch) and of the said Town of Plymouth D, subject, as to the greatest Part thereof, to Leases granted to the said Inhabitants and others for Terms of Years; and that the said Parish and Town are become very populous; and, by Reason of His Majesty's Dock Yard and Ordnance, and of the Men of War and other Shipping resort ing thereto, the Poor of the find Parish and cafunl Poor are greatly increased, and become very numerous and burthensome; and that the Poor of the said Parish may be better maintained and regulated, and the Rates for their Relief more properly made and collected, and the cafital Poor better parted and regulated, if some further and other Powers were given for those Purposes; and that the Buildings in the said Town, and the Wastes thereof, and the Fields adjoining, Imye of late Years greatly increased, and are llill likely to increase, and the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, in the said Town, are very ill paved and cleansed, and by Means thereof, and Annoyances and Incroachments therein, are very incommodious, dangerous, and unwholesome; and that it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Parish to have their Poor better regulated, and would tend greatly to the Health,

Safety, and Advantage, and be of public Utility to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and to Persons referring thereto, and travelling through the fame, if ths present and all future Streets, Lanes, and public Passages, were properly paved, cleansed, drained, and kept free from Annoyances and incroachmonts^ And therefore praying. That Leave may be giveu to bring in a BiH for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Orders as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Parker, Mr. Belle, &c.;

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are H«t thereunto subscribed, being Trullees appointed for putting in Execution Three several Acts of Parlia- . y. ment, herein after mentioned, for repairing the Road j

leading from Hertford Bridge Hill to the Towns of Bftfingjloke and Odiham, in the County of Southampton,

Was presented to I lie House, and read; Taking Notice of Three Acts, made in the Tenth and Tweiitv-feR

Years

boo ie

2i Geo. III. 6° Februarii. 177

Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hertford Bridge Hill to the Town of and

all'o the Road from Hertford Bridge Hill aforesaid to the Town of Odiham, in the County of Southampton; and Setting forth. That the said- Road from Hertford Bridge Hill to the Town of is Part of the great Wellern Road leading from London to the Land's End in Cor mooli-, and the said other Road from Hertford Bridge Hill to Odiham opens a free and easy Communication from that Town Eastwards towards London; and that there is also a Communication West ward between the said Town of Odiham and the said Great Road, leading from the West End of the said Town through A rorf Invar/thoroughLane, over certain Wastes

called Hook Common, Bartley Heath, and , in

the Parishes of Odiham, and / Skezcers,

or some or one of them, containing in Length about Two Miles and a Quarter; but the said last mentioned Road is very ruinous, and in many Places narrow and foKnderous, and cannot be amended and kept in good Repair by the ordinary Course of Law; and that it would he of great Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Towns of Odiham and and of general Utility, if the said Piece of Road leading West-ward from t he said Town of Odiham, by the South End of and through the said Nor/Inc am borough , to its Communication Westward with the said great Western Road, was amended, widened, and improved, and if the same was added and united to the said other Roads directed to be amended and repaired by the said several Acts, and if the Terms, Powers, and Authorities of the said Acts were extended to the amending, widening, and improving the same: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for uniting and annexing to the said Roads directed to be amended arid repaired by the said several AftS, the said Branch of Road commencing at the South End of the said Lane called Northwarnborough Lane, near the West End of the said Town of Odiham, and extending through the said Lane by the East Side of Northwarnborough Mill, over the several Commons and Wastes called Hook Common, Bartley Heath, and But-terzvood aforesaid, to its Communication with the said great Western Road; and for extending the several Powers and Authorities of the said Actsto the said additional Branch of Road; with fitch other Provision to be inserted in the said Bill, for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, as shall he thought necessary and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Jervoise,

&c.: Aud they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and Lave Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

fhithy A Bill to continue the Duty of One Farthing per nbour,* Chalder on Coals, granted by an Act of the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for the more ElTectual repairing and maintaining the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Rejhlvcd, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Laf-'relies. Sir George Savile,: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at hive of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

lies A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and other the ,tcc!s* Inhabitants of the Borough of in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Borough has a very considerable Market, and is a great Thoroughfare, and the principal Streets therein, by Means of the great Num-

K'.VjpL. 38.

ber of Carriages passing through the fame, cannot be kept in proper Repair by the present Method prescribed by Law; and that it would tend greatly to the Safety and Convenience of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and of all Persons resorting to or travelling through the fame, if Power was given to raise Money, by a Toll, to be collected on Sundays within or near the said Borough, and by Rates within the said Borough, and by such other Means as may be thought proper and be lead inconvenient to the Public and the Inhabitants, sufficient to amend, regulate, cleanse, and keep in Repair, the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages within the said Borough, and to light and watch the fame, and likewise to remove and prevent Nuisances and Obstructions therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall appear proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir James Long, Mr.

&c: And they are to meet To-MorrowMorning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the principal Owners and Proprietors South of Lands, Commons, Tythes, and Estates, within the Kilworth. Open and Common Fields of South in the *nclo‘urek

County of Leicester, whose Names are thereunto sub-

feribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the said Proprietors, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are possessed of several Lands, Tythes, and Estates, in the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of South Kilworth aforesaid, which lie inconveniently intermixed anddifperfed over the Whole of the said Parish in small Parcels, and, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Grounds, are very fit and proper to be divided and inclosed, and would thereby be of much greater Profit and Advantage to the several Proprietors and Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Pochin, and Mr. Darker, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Robert Vigor, Esquire, Francis D'Arcy Mark

of the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, and tnclosure.

Spinster, Lords of the Manor of West Mark, in the County of Somerset, and of the Impropriators of the Rectory or Parish Church of Mark aforesaid, and of the Feveral other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Proprietors of, and interested in, several Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, called Mark Moor, otherwise Moor, Mark Liberty Moor, otherwise Yonder Moor, and Foie Moors or Commons, situate within the Manor and Parish of Mark aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, contain together Two thousand Acres, or thereabouts, of rich Land, which now lie Open and in Common, and are, in theirpresentSituation, incapable of any Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor inclosing, dividing, and allotting the said Moors, Com-Z z mons.

Debtors.

Ways and Means.

Kent Street to

Dartford,

&c.

Hoads.

178 6° Februarii. A. 1781.

mons, and Waste Lands, subject to such Rules, Pro- of £. 100. each; and that by an Act passed in the vifoes, and Directions, as to the House shall seem pro- Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the per and requisite. Second, an additional Allowance of /,.6o a Year was <li-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, rected to be paid out of the Tolls collected on the Road pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that from London to Eastto Sulton and King*

Sir John Trevelyan and Mr. Ilippijley Coxedo prepare, /ton, to the Trustees for the said Road from Newington and bring in, the fame. through to Nexo Cross, to be by Ihem applied

in the Repair of the Road leading from Camberwell A Petition of the Debtors in Tvelchester Gaol, in the Green, through to 7//, in County of Somerset, was presented to the House and the Road leading to Dulwich, and through to

read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Re- the Town of Croydon; and that the Trustees for the said lief. Roads from Newington through Camberwell, to New

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Cross, and from Camberwell Green to The Fox under the Table. /////, have regularly and duly applied the respectiveSums

paid to them by the above-mentioned Trusts, in amend- Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the ing and keeping in Repair the Roads under their Care, Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred but have for some Years pafi found the same very made-to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the quate to the Purpose for which they are paid; and that Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which considerable Sumsof Money have been borrowed on the the Committee had directed him to report to the House; Credit of the said Allowances, which still remain due, which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered and the said Roads, under the Care of the Petitioners, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; are at present in many Places much out of Repair, and and is as followeth: viz. it will not be in their Power to amend the same ellee-

Ite/olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, tually, and keep them in good Condition for the fut ure.

That towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma- without an additional Allowance from the said Two jesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Two bun- Trusts: and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, died and Eighty-eight thousand Three hundred and that a Bill is depending, for the more eft'eClually repair-Forty-six Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Eight Pence, ing the several Roads leading from The Stone's End in remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the Fifth Kent Street, in the Parish of George to

Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Dartford; andlrom The Stone'sEndin Eighty-onc, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the to the Turnpike near Saint Thomas a in the

Monies which had then arisen of the Surplusses, Ex- said Parish of Saint George; and from the Turnpike cedes, Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, com- Road near

posing the Fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund. Street, in the Parish of East Greenwich; and from The

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, Six Mile Stone on Blackheath, near the West End of upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Greemvich Par/c to Warren; and from

1 louse. The Lime Kilns in East Greenwich, to join the Turnpike

Road in the Parish of Lewifham; and from,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are in the Parish of Deptford jo Farnborotigh The

thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, First Mill Pond at South End, in the said Parish of Trustees appointed in and by virtue of an Act, passed Lewifiam, to the West End of Stroud the Parish

in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King of Croydon; and from the Turnpike Road near George the First, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Bridge, to the North End of Burnt Ash Lane, in the PaTerm granted by an Act in the Fourth Year of his rish of Lee, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey; and for " said Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing repealing so much of several Acts of Parliament now in the Highways leading from The Stone's End, in Kent Force as relates to the said Roads: And therefore pray Street to The Lime Kilns in East. Greenwich, near ing. That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for " Blackheath, and to Lewisham Church, being the Tun- making such Addition to the Allowance now paid by " bridge Road, in the County of Kent; and for repair- that Trust as may be deemed reasonable, or that the " ing and amending the Highways and Roads leading Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises " from WestvxiufterFerry, in the Parish of Lambeth, in as to the House shall seem meet.

" the County of Surrey, to New Cross, in the Parish of Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the " Deptford, in the County of Kentand for enlarging Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

" the Term granted by an Act, passed in the Fourth examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as " Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, intituled, " An it shall appear to them, to the House:

" Act for amending the Roads from the City of Lortdon And it is referred to Sir Joseph Mawbey, Admiral " to the Town of East Grinflead, in the County of Keppel, :And they are to meet Tomorrow MornSuffix, and to Sutton and Kingston, in the County of ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber;

" Surrey, and for explaining and amending the same and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and lte Act,'' for the Care of the Road from Westminster cords.

Ferry to Nerc Cross aforesaid, was presented to the House,

and read; Setting forth. That by the said Act of the A Petition of the Bailiffs and Burgesses of the Bo- Scarb0^ Sixth of his late Majesty, the Sum of £.150 a Y'ear was rough of in the County of York, and of the

directed to be paid out of the Tolls collected upon the other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed,

Roads from Ixndonto East Grinflead, and to Sutton and Inhabitants of the said Borough, and the Liberties Kingston; and the like Sum of £. 150 a Year out of the thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Tolls collected upon the Road leading from The Stone's forth. That a Coach Road, called Saint Nicholas Cl\ff End in Kent Street to The Lime Kilns in East G reenwich, Boad, leading from the End of Saint Nicholas Street and near Blackheath, and to Lewisham Church; which Two Harding's Walk towards the Portor Harbour of Scarbo-Sums were directed to be applied for the Repair of the rough and the Town of Bridlington, and also some other Roads leading from Westminster Ferry, in the Parish of Roads within the said Borough and Liberties, are in a Lambeth, through Neicington and Camberwell, to New very founderous, bad State, and cannot be made fufli-Cross, in the Parish of Deptford, under the Care of the cient without great Alterations, and carrying the said Petitioners; and that the said Two Sums of^. 150 were. Coach Road in another Direction over Arches and by Two subsequent Acts of the Tenth and Eleventh through private Grounds; and that the Inhabitants of Years of his late Majesty's Reign, reduced to the Sum the said Borough and Liberties are not sufficiently sup-

plied

1

1\ Geo. III. 6° Februa 179

plied with Water, nor are the Streets, Lanes, and public PatTages, properly paved, cleansed, or lighted, but are for the moll Part rendered incommodious by Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and some of them are too narrow; and that the Regulation of Pilots, and the Prices of Pilotage, for conducting Vessels into and out of the Port or Harbour of Scarborough, are not at present settled by any I^aw or Charter; and that, within the said Borough, a Court of Pleas hath been immemorial !y held, for Recovery of Debts contracted within the said Borough and Liberties, and, notwithstanding Justice hath been administered in the said Court in the most impartial Manner, yet the Method of compelling Debtors to appear to Actions commenced in the said Court for small Debts, and of bringing such Actions to Issue, are very dilatory, and often ineffectual, by Reason whereof, and of the Expence attending the Prosecution of causes to Judgment in the said Court, many Creditors are discouraged from attempting to recover just Debts, and evil-disposed Persons, who have contracted small Debts, very often refuse Payment thereof, and set their Creditors at Detiance: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending and altering the said Coach and other Roads within the said Borough and Liberties; for supplying the said Borough and Liberties with Water; for widening, paving, cleansing, regulating, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and public Pafikges there; for regulating of Pilots conducting Ships and Vessels into and out of the said Port or Harbour of Scarborough; for the more eaiy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts in a summary Way within the said Borough and Liberties, and for such other Purposes of public Utility as in the said Bill may be expressed, and in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Savile, Mr. Buncombe, &. c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Hartifoead A Petition of the Owners of Messuages, Lands, and . iflclosure. Tenements, within the Township of Hartishead, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Township, divers Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, containing together, by Computation, One hundred and Forty Acres, or thereabouts; and that it would be advantageous to the Owners of the said Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, if the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, which, j in their present State, are incapable of any considerable

Improvement, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to them, according to their respective Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing

the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall fe^m meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir

1 George Savile and Mr. Buncombe do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Wiingfen A Petition of the several Gentlemen, and other Per-i fons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing

garter neaFj an(j travelling on, the Roads herein after mentioned, ca s* was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

1 That the Roads leading from the Bridge, over the Na-

j vigable Canal upon Wallingfcn, in the East Riding of the County of York, to Boncaster, in the West Riding of the said County, by Way of Booth Ferry, through the 1 Parishes of North Cave, South Cave, Hoioden East ring ton,

and the Parish or Parochial Chapelry of Blacktoft, in the 1 Voi. 38.

1

said East Riding, and the Parishes or Townships of Ar-min, Raivcliffe, Snaith, Thorne, Hatfield, Kirk Sandalt, and Boncaster, in the said West Riding, are in a very ruinous Condition, and, from the Nature of the Soil, and Narrowness of the Passages in several Parts thereof, are become very incommodious and dangerous for Tra=-veilers, and in the Winter and rainy Seasons almost in> pafiable for Wheel Carriages, and cannot be amended and' kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the repairing and amending the said Roads, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall seem proper and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do fexa-mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Buncombe, Sir George Savile,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Henry Wood, Doctor in Divinity, John Hatfield Wharton, John Harvey, John Hatfeild, and Mordecai Chace Cults, Esquires, on Behalf of fhemselves and others, was Drainage, presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Level of Hatfield Chace, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Notling-ham, certain Lands and Grounds, containing, in the Whole, Sixty thousand Acres, or thereabouts, which are often overflowed in Winter, or after any sudden Rains, so that a considerable Part thereof cannot be got clear of Water sufficiently early in the Spring to undergo Cultivation, or be in a Condition to bear a Crop, or that the Crops thereof, in case the Summer or Autumn proves rainy, are often loft, or greatly damaged; and that the Petitioners, and others, are Owners of divers Lands and Grounds, containing Seventeen thousand Acres, or thereabouts, Part of the said Sixty thousand Acres, and which are solely chargeable with, or taxable for, the Support and Preservation of the Works of Drainage within the said Level, and Parts adjacent; and that, if the Lands and Grounds first above mentioned were more effectually drained and preserved, it would be very advantageous to the Petitioners, and of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above, and other Purposes therein to be mentioned, under such Restrictions and Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Buncombe, Sir George Savile,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend lor Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Copyholders, Gentle- Wakefield men. Merchants, Tradesmen, and Manufacturers, within Small Debts, the Manor of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Duke of Leeds is Lord of the said Manor of Wakqfield-, and within the said Manor there has been, for Time immemorial, a Court Baron held every Three Weeks, for the Recovery of Debts under Forty Shillings; and it would tend very much to the Benefit of all Persons living within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, if the Proceedings therein were made more summary, and the Fees of the Court, for the Recovery of Debts under Forty Shillings, properly reduced and fixed; and it would also be of great Utility to the Country, if the Jurisdiction of the said Court was further extended to the Recovery of Sums under Ten Pounds:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be giv?A to bring in a Bill for giving a more summary Jurisdiction

to

Dr. W.

Smith's Attendance on the Sick of London Gaols.

18o 6° Februarii. A. 1781.

to the said Court Baron, and for regulating the Fees thereof, where the Debt sued for shall be under Forty Shillings, and for extending the Jurisdiction of the said Court to any Sum under Ten Pounds.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they doexa* mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Buncombe, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Wibliam Smith, Doctor of Physic, being offered to be preferred to the House;

The Lord Norths by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner did, in Consequence of an Application to him. by order of a Committee then iubfifting in Westminster, visit several of the Gaols and Prisonsin London, Westminster, and Southwark, and administered Relief to many of the sick Prisoners confined therein, from the 25th Day of March 1776 to the 10th of November 1779, and continued the same occasionally, upon Application, to May 1780; and that the Number of Prisoners relieved by the Petitioner with Medicines and other Assistance, amounts to 1051, by Means whereof an Expence of £.566. -\s. gd. was incurred by him for Medicines only, exclusive of other Assistance given by the Petitioner to Prisoners, many of whom lie also attended at their own Habitations, and suppli^d them with Medicines, when they were discharged out of Gaol, before their Cure was completed, which Attendance, together with the writing and publishing several Treatises relative to Prisons and Prisoners, which he considered as Part of his Duty, caused an Expence and Loss of Time, from his own Concerns and Business, that very considerably reduced his annual Income, and has, in a very great Degree, injured his private Fortune, for all which he has received no Satisfaction whatever, except the Sum of £. 50 by Order of the said Committee, which was applied in Discharge of Part of the Apothecary's Bill, due for Medicines sent to Prisoners, and for which the Petitioner was to be accountable; and that the Petitioner did, in the last Session of Parliament, apply to the House for Relief, and upon a State of Fa&s being reported to the House, the House did, on the 20th of December 1780, come to a Resolution, that a Sum, not exceeding £. 1,200, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to the Petitioner, in Recompence for his unwearied and humane Attendance upon the sick and diseased Prisoners, and for repaying him the several Sums of Money expended in purchasing proper Medicines for them; and that the Petitioner has hitherto been deprived of the Benefit intended him by the said Resolution, in Consequence of Petitions preferred to the House, which were referred to a Committee, but from that Committee no Report was ever made to the House, and the Petitioner is Hill unpaid, having also suffered by Loss of Time, and Expences incurred , by a long Attendance on the above Committee: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief to the Petitioner as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Herbert Mackworth, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, 24

and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereuntofet and subscribed, Freeholders or Inhabitants of or near to the several Parishes and Places in or through which the Roads or Highways herein after mentioned do lie, or are situate, was presented to the House, and read; reciting an Act, passed in the Year 1759, for amending and widening the Roads leading from Stretford's Bridge, in the County of Hereford, to The New Inn, in the Parish of Winftanfiozv, in the County of Salop, and also the Road from Blue Mantle Hall, near Mortimers Cross, to Aymcjlrey, in the said County of Hereford; and for repealing lb much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fecomd Year of King George the Second, as relates to the Road from Mortimers Cross to Aymejlrey Bridge; and Setting forth, That great Part of the said Roads have been repaired, and divers Sums of Money have been borrowed for that Purpose, which still remain due, and it is necessary that the said Act, which will expire on the last Day of the present Session of Parliament, should be continued for a, further Term, in order to repay the Money borrowed, and to amend, and keep in Repair, the Roads therein mentioned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for declaring that the find recited Act, and all the Clauses, Tolls, Powers, Pro vi foes. Exemptions, Matters, and Things, therein contained, and also the Ad to be passed for that Purpose, may be in full Force and Effect, and have Continuance from and after the passing such new Ad, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads described in the said former Act, and for making such additional Term subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing on the Credit of the said former Act, and all Interest due and to grow due for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred'to Mr. Percival, Sir Charles Warwick Bampfyldc, &c.: And they are to meetTo-morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Cnrzon reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Trustees whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Trustees named in, and appointed for putting in Execution, an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing

and widening the Road from the Turnpike Iload of near the West End of the Town of Chesterfield to " Matlock Bridge, and also the Road leading out of £C the said Road, over Barley Bridge, to Cr off green, and " also the Road leading out of the last-mentioneci " Road, to the Turnpike Road near Roujley Bridge, in the County of Derby," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read i and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Joseph Gregory, Treasurer of the said Roads, informed

Stretford's

Bridge

Rood.

Chefhrfkld,

&c.

Rotfd.:

a I Geo. III. 6° Februarii. 181

formed your Committee, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and borrowed considerable Sums of Money, which, with the Tolls collected, have been applied for the Purposes of the said Act; and that the Sum of11,196. i8.r. Principal and Interest, now remains due — That the Expences, attending the Repair of the Roads, and other incidental Charges, have'amounted, upon an Average, to 150 a Year, and the Receipt of the Tolls for the Iaft Three Years, has amounted to about 350 a Year — That the said Principal and Interest cannot be paid off, nor the Roads effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unlefe the Term of the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged.

And the Witness further said, That it is proposed to take off some of the Exemptions in the Act, particularly respecting Carriages conveying Lime, which in general travel between Five and Six Miles upon the Road, without paying Toll; that it is likewise proposed to take an additional Half Toll in the Winter Months, and to reme<Jy some Inconveniences in the Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road * near the West End of the Town of Chesterfield to Matlock Bridge, and also the Road leading out of the said Road, over Darky Bridge, to CroJJgreen, and also <c the Road leading out of the last mentioned Road, to the Turnpike Road near Bridge, in the County of DerbyAnd that Mr. and

Lord George Cavend{/h do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ificffcr, A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed for Warwick, putting in Execution the Powers given and granted by an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of s* His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, " widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads " therein mentioned, lying in the Counties of Leicester " and Warwick, and in the County of the City of " Coventry," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That great Progress hath been made in amending the said Roads, for which Purpose considerable Sums of Money, still remaining unpaid, have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls collected by virtue of the said Act; and that the Amendment of the several Roads comprized in the said Act, cannot be completed, and the same kept in Repair for the future, or the said respective Sums due be repaid, with the Interest thereon, nniefs the Term of the said Act be continued, and some further Powers granted: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Sir George

Shuckburghf Sac.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; ami have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Stepney A Petition of Amt King, of Low Layton, in the County

and of E/fex, Widow, was presented to the House, and read;

IkAa'T. Setting forth. That the Petitioner held, by letters

Record0 Patent, of the Nineteenth Year of King Charles the Second, a Court of Record, within the Manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the County of the

Hamlets and Liberties of the fame, for the Trial of Personal Actions under Five Pounds, and was entitled to, and did receive, divers Fees arising from Writs and other Processes issued out of the said Court; and Vol. 38.

that the Petitioner was left a Widow, dependent on, and deriving her chief Subsistence from, her legal Fees arising out of the said Court, which the Petitioner's Husband having quietly enjoyed as his Freehold, left the same to her, who continued to enjoy the fame, without having ever entertained a Doubt but that die had a permanent Estate, sufficient for her Maintenance, not less secure than any other Freehold; and alledging, that the Act passed in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty, to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests, hath operated to the almost total Annihilation of all legal Proceedings in the Petitioner's Court, as the Suitors are discouraged, by a great and certain Expence, before they can bring the Defendants into Court (without mentioning the Length of Time which mull necessarily elapse) to obtain a Satisfaction, always uncertain in the Event; and that these Difficulties, attending the Recovery of Small Debts, fall very heavy upon the lower Order of Tradesmen, and poorer Sort of Credit tors, and, unless some Remedy is provided, they must continue to submit to lose the greater Part of t heir final! Book-debts; and that, if the Petitioner was empowered to exercise her Chartered Rights, in regard to her pecuniary and within her local Jurisdiction, at a less Expence, and in a Way less burthensome to the Suitors, if would prove highly beneficial to both Creditor and Debtor, and be the Means of indemnifying the Petitioner for the Injury (he has sustained by the said Act:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioner's Court, held for the Manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, the Hamlets and Liberties of the fame, to proceed by Summons, and to determine, in a summary Way, within her local Jurisdiction, all Suits or Actions for Sums from Forty Shillings to Five Pounds, her pecuniary Jurisdiction, under her Steward of the said Court, and under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Byng, Sir Joseph,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Dirty Lane, thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for executing w..,n.

an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of Road!* His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for widening " and improving a certain Avenue, called Dirty Lane,

" and Part of Bi'ick Lane, leading from Whitechapel to " Spital Fields, in the County of Middlesex, and for " paving Dirty Lane, and also the East Side of " coat Lane, from Whitechapel High Street to Wentworth

" Street, the said Avenue called Wenlworth Street, from " thence in one continued Line, through Old Montague " Street, Chapel Street, and Prince's Row, to Baker's " Row, inclnfive, and the several Streets and Passages " leading into the fame, and for removing all Obstructions and Encroachments therefrom, and preventing,

" the like for the future," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Avenue called Dirty Lane hath been widened and improved, and the several Places mentioned in the said Act have been paved, and that the Sum of £. 1,500, granted by Parliament out of the Duty on Coals imported to the Port of London, together with several Sums of Money, raised by way of Annuities for Lives, and at Interest, on the Credit of the Rates and Assessments authorized to be made by the said Act, have been duly expended in defraying the Expence of the said Improvement, and new-paving the said Streets and Places; and that, owing to the advanced Price of the Materials used in paving, the

3 A Expences

18 2 6° Februarii. 1781.

Dirty Line Expences of executing the Directions of the said Act, in Whit , W|» 1 re^Pe^» have greatly exceeded the Estimates made

Road?* previous tothe pash ng thereof, and the Purchase of Land, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premisses, for the Purpose of widening and improving hath proved

more expensive than, by the Computation of several eminent Surveyors, it was expected to be; and that, by reason of the above-mentioned unavoidable luereafe of Expence, and the high Rate of Interest the Commissioners have been obliged to pay for the Money they have borrowed for the Purposes of the Act, the Rates and Assessments thereby granted have been found insufficient to pay the Annuitants, although a considerable Part of the Charge of improving Dirty Lane was defrayed by the voluntary Subscription of Individuals; and that Foot Paths have been made for the Accommodation of the Public on both Sides of the new Street formerly called Dirty Lane, but the Commissioners are not authorized, by the said Act, to assess all the Inhabitants to defray the Expence thereof, the whole Burthen of which is thereby thrown on the Inhabitants of one Side thereof, many of whom have also contributed liberally by Subscription to the Expence of improving the said Street; and that, by reason of the Poverty of many of the Persons liable to pay the Rates and Assessments, the same have proved deficient in many Places, and there are some Courts and Alleys, and certain vacant Spaces of Ground and dead Walls, situate within the several Lanes, Streets, and Places, authorized to be hew paved, which the Commissioners are notempowered to assess, and the said A ft has been found to want Amendment and Alterations in several Respects; and that the said new Street, formerly called Dirty Lane, being a much-used Thoroughfare, and of course an Im-provementofgreat public Utility, the Petitioners suggest, that it may be reasonable that the Persons who are be-heflted thereby Should contribute something towards the Expence thereof, which they apprehend may be done bya small Toll.tobecolleftedintliesaid Street, and with such Assistance the Petitioners hope they Should be enabled to complete the several Works directed by the said Act, and to pay the Annuitants regularly, and the Inhabitants of the Streets, Lanes, and Places, directed to be paved, many of whom are in indigent Circumstances, would thereby be eased of Part of an Expence which at present they are unable to Support; and that it would be of great public Benefit to have a Passage commodious for Carriages from Cri/pin Street, near Church,

in the Parish of Chrj't Church, and County of into Bishopsgate Street, whereby an easy Communication

for Carriages may be made between and the great Road called Whitechapel Road; and that the Sum of ,£.9,000, arising out of the Surpluses of the Orphan's Fund, was granted by Parliament towards making the said Passage, but, being greatly insufficient to complete the same, no Part thereof hath yet been applied to that Purpose; and that the Communication being now opened towards Whitechapel Road, by the widening of the new Street formerly called Dirty Lane, it would be commodious to the Public, and of great Utility, if the Opening was continued into Bishopsgate Street, and the Petitioners conceive, that by an easy Toll they should be enabled to complete the same, as well as the Works directed to be performed by an Act for widening and improving Dirty Lane: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge the Power of the said Act of the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, and to enable them to apply the said Sum of/. 9,000towards making the said Communication between and the great Road called Whitechapel Road, and for providing a Fund to defray the Expences of executing and completing the said several Works, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House lha.ll seem . meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Byng, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir Rowland Hill, Baronet, Richard Hill, and John Gardner, Esquires, Robert Embrey and John

Wood, Gentlemen, and several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the Town {hips of Grin/hill, Clive, and Savfaw, in the Parishes of Gr in-

fill and Saint Mary, within the Liberties of in the County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Townships, certain Commons, or Waste Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any Improvement; and that it would be advantageous to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested in the said Commons or Waste Lands, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to them, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein, and if the Petitioners were enabled to make Exchanges of any of their Lands and Estates within the said Townships:

And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor dividing and Incloling the said Commons or Waste Lands, and for enabling the Petitioners to make such Exchanges as aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Robert Laivley, M r. Noel Hill, and Sir Charlton Leighton.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being Worcester again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to at- Electon* tend the said Select Committee, delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been ftrtick by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned Lift the Names of Sir John Wrottcfcy, Baronet, and the Lord Alahoh, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Richard Benyon, Esquire, William Drake, Junior, Ef-qu\re, SWHarbordllarbord, Baronet, John Parry, Esquire,

Sir William Dolben, Baronet, Robert Thifiletlnoayte, Esquire, John Bond, Esquire, Clement Taylor, Esquire,

Sir John Trevelyan, Baronet, John Harrison, Esquire,

John Tempest, Esquire, JervoiJe Clarke Jervoise, Esquire, the Lord Herbert, Sir John Baronet,

the Lord Mahon.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of the Right honourable Sir Watkin Lewes, Knight, Lord Mayor of the City of London; and also the Petition of the Freemen of the City of Worcester; now' taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And then the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the First Committee Chamber, appointed for Hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

A Petition of John William Anderson, John Verdi£*«»fe

and William Bartlett, Merchants, and Proprietors of the Manufactory. Works established at Newnham, in Gloucestershire, for the Manufacture of Verdigrcafe, was presented to the House, and read. Setting forth, That the Petitioners and others, having observed, from the Entries made at

the

11 Geo. III. 6° Febr. 183

the Customs, that very large Quantities of Verdigrease were annually imported into this Kingdom from France, free of all Duties and Customs, and conceiving that it might be a National Benefit, as well as private Advantage, if a Manufacture of Verdigrease could be established in England, the Petitioners Manufacture was set on Foot, and a considerable Sum of Money employed in that Undertaking; and that, after many Years Application and Labour, and the Expence of several thousand Pounds, the Petitioners succeeded so far as not only to be enabled to supply the different Trades with Verdigrease of a Quality equal, if not superior to that which had been imported from France, but even to furnish it at a Price at lead Fifteen per Centum cheaper than the French were accustomed to fell it; and that, having arrived at this Degree of Perfection, it has excited a Rivalship in the French, who, Availing themselves of the Advantage of importing Verdigrease into this Kingdom Duty-free, have of late imported such Quantities as, with the Produce of the Petitioners Works, have reduced the Article to so low Price, that the Petitioners cannot proceed in their Adventure, and, instead of being able to undersell the French, are now themselves undersold, their Works, which they are desirous of extending, are suspended, and thteir Capital of many thousand Pounds, already employed, in Danger of being annihilated, and the Advantages arising from the said Manufactory in Danger of being loll to this Kingdom; and that the Success of the Petitioners Works would render this Kingdom independent of a Foreign Market for the said Article, hut such Success cannot be attained without fonie Encouragement is given them by the Legislature; And therefore ('.raying for such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Guise, the Lord Beauchamp, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

fcttcnn* A Petition of the Trustees for executingTwo several Koac. Acts of Parliament made, one in t he Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, cc An Act for repairing and widening " the Road leading from the Toll Gate in the Parish of " Kettering, through the Town of Wellingborough, "u in the County of Northampton, and through Olney,

\ " over Sherrington Bridge, to Newport Pagnell, in the

1 " County of Bucks, and for repairing and widening, or

" rebuilding the said Sherrington Bridgeand the other in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His pre-t lent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the \ " Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-

" seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for

" repairing the Road from the Toll Gate in the Parish ' w of Kettei'ing, in the County of Northampton, to New-\ " j)orl Pagnell, in the County of Bucks j" and of the

Mortgagees of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Acts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and the other Trustees and Mortgagees,

1 was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

I That one of the Turnpikes directed by the said tirft-

mentioned Act to be erected, was limited to the Distance \ of One* Furlong North from the Road leading from

I Newport to Bedford, which Road turns off to Chichley,

l near The Way Post in Sherrington Field j and that, by \ another Att, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " An A<5f \ 44 for repairing and widening the High Road from a

1 " Place called Saint Loyds, in the down of Bedford,

\ M through the Parishes of Bromham, StagsdenAJhvood, I Yol. 58.

w Hardmead, and Chichley, to The Wap Pqft i n Sherring-c‘ tun Field, where the said Road joins the High Road u from the Town of Olney to the Town of Newport Pagnell, and also the High Road from Bromham aforesaid,

" through the Pariftiesof 7tfra*j/and Colehravfield, to the " Town of Launden, otherwise Lavenden, in the Coun-u ties of Bedford and Buckingham, and for applying " Part of the Money arising the reby, towards repairing,

" rebuilding, or widening Sherrington Bridge, in the " Road from the said Way Pqfl to the said Town of u Nezvport Pagnell," the Trustees were directed to erect a Turnpike and Toll House across the Road by the said Act to be repaired, on the East Side of the said Way Post in Sherrington Fields within One Furlong of the said Wap Pofi; and that by the said first-mentioned Act, the Trustees were empowered to erect Fences, from the said Turnpike to be erected by virtue of the said Act in Sherrington Field, to the said Way Post in Sherrington Field, to prevent the Evasion of Toll at the said Turnpike to be erected by virtue of the said first-mentioned Act in Sherrington Field aforesaid; and that the said Fences connect with and join to the Turnpike directed to be erected by the said last-mentioned Act in Sherrington Field, and prevent such Evasion of Tolls at the said Turnpike directed to be erected by the said first-mentioned Act; and representing to the House, that the said Act, for repairing and widening the High Road from a Place called Saint Loyds, in the Town of Bedford, to the Town of Launden, otherwise Luvenden, in the Counties of Bedford and Buckingham, and for applying Part of the Money arising thereby towards repairing, re-building, or w idening Sherrington Bridge aforesaid, will expire at the End of the present Session of Parliament, and the Petitioners cannot find that, in pursuance of the Standing Orders of the House, any Steps have been taken to authorize the Renewal of the said Act in this Section; and that in Confidence of the customary Renewal of aTurnpike A ft before the Expiration thereof, the Petitioners, and the other Trustees and Mortgagees have not taken any previous Steps necessary to be taken in the Country for the proper Introduction of their Petition into the House; and that the Tolls arising from the said Gate in Sherrington Field, under the Care of the Petitioners, will be entirely loft by the taking away of the said Turnpike erected by virtue of the said Act, for repairing the said Road from Bedford to Newport Pagnell, to the great Damage of the said Road from Newport Pagnell to Kettering, as well as to the great Lois of the Mortgagees of the said Act: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That tije said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it ftialt appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Knightley, Mr. Powys,

&c: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Dunchurch, Execution several Acts of Parliament, made in the &c-

Twelfth, Sixteenth, and Thirty-third Years of the oa

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road or Highway from The Dun Cow, in the Town of Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick, to Iiillmorton, and from thence to Saint Jamess End, in the Parish of D if tun, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Sett ing forth.

That a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed, and now remains due, upon the Credit of the said Acts, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied towards repairing the said Roads, and great Progress hath been made tiierein; but such Repairs cannot be

104. 60 Februarii, A. 1781.

be completed, and the Money borrowed repaid, during the present Terms granted by the said Acts; and that several Amendments and Alterations are necessary to be made in the said Acts, and the same might be more easily and better executed, if the several Provisions necessary for repairing the said Roads were consolidated and reduced into One Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of the said Acts, and for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament, with such Alterations and Amendments as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Knightley, Mr. Pozvys, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Great A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Addington thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands Indofuxe. anj Grounds, or otherwise interested in the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Great , in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read Setting forth. That the Lands and Estates of the Petitioners and others, in the said Open and Common Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but if the fame, together with the said Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted amongst the several Persons entitled thereto, in Proportion to their Lands, Rights of Common, and other Interests therein, great Advantage would arise to the Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Lands, and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Rurfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that 4r. Knightley, and Mr. Pozoys, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

West wood A Petition of several Trustees, appointed to put in

Gate F.xectrtion an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-

Road. seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for

repairing and widening the High Road from Gate, in the Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, through the Towns of Rushden and Higham Ferrers, and over Artleborough Bridge, to the Turnpike Road in Barton Seagrave Lane, in the Parish of Barton Seagrave, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have caused the said Road to be amended, and have borrowed a very considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Toils granted by the said Act, which has been laid out in repairing the said Road, and now Remains due, together with a considerable Arrear of interest; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and unless the same is enlarged, and some Amendments and Alterations made in the said Act, the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, and the said Road kept in good Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term of the said Act, and for amending and rendering the same more effectual, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it. lha.II appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr.

Powys, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Lefce thereunto set and subscribed, on Behalf of themselves Enclosure. and others, Owners of Lands, Tythes, and Common Right, in the Open and Common Fields, Lammas Closes, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, within the Lordship or I iberty of Great Leke, otherwise East Leke, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners Lands in the said Open and Common Fields, Lammas Closes, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be greatly advantageous to all the Persons interested therein, to have the same divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Lammas Closes, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Frederick Montagu, and the Lord Middleton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are FreftonTtift thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, and Ioclofuie. otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within, _and belonging to, the Manor and Parish of Preston Bijfett, in the County of Bucks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners in the said Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present State, are incapable, of any considerable Improvement, and it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the said Field,

Lands, and Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Interests:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem. meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fuantto the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Earl Verney, and Mr. Burke, do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

Sir William Cunynghame reported from the Com- Bonowfton mittee, to whom the Petition of the Noblemen and nels &c-Gentlemen, Heretors of the County of Linlithgow Roa<1-and Bathgate, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House *, and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, William WUJ'on, El'quire, being examined, said. That he knows the High Road leading from the Port of -rowfiounness, in the County of Linlithgow, by Torphiclien

and

Dflhome

Iedofure.

Pale and Stanton Inclefure.

Older for the Attendance of a Person discharged.

Ditto.

Ditto.

JLeeSs from Otley to

Skipton

Roads.

Geo. III. 6° Febru. 185

and Bathgate, to Briech Wafer) ill the said County:

That the same is in a very bad and ruinous Condition, inso much, that, in many Places, during the Winter Seal'on and wet Weather, it is aliped impafiable for any Sort of Carriages, and dangerous for Persons travelling on Horseback; and that the same is in many Parts thereof narrow and incommodious, and cannot be diffidently repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, by the present Methods provided by Law. — And the Witness produced to your Committee, an Ef-\imate of the Repairs thereof, amounting to the Sum of£ 1,300.

Then a Member present also produced to your Committee, the original Subscription of several Persons towards the Repairs of the said Road, amounting to the Sum of £.800.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Port of Borrciojtounness, by the Well of the Borough of

Linlithgow, and by the Towns of Bathgate,

and W hitebum, and from thence Southward to the

Confines of the County of Linlithgow, at or near

Hollhouseburn: And that Sir William Cunynghome and Sir James Cockburne do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Lewi/ham presented to the Woufe, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Dillorn, otherwise in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

R^/olued, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Dale and Stanton, in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Loyd Mahon, Mr. Byng, &c.: Aud they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon

Wednesdaylaft, for the Attendance of Jacob Knockey, Messenger to the Office for Taxes, Tomorrow, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon Wednesday last, for the Attendance of Edioard Naish, Esquire, Assistant Secretary to the Office for Taxes, Tomorrow, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon Wednesday last, for the Attendance of George Rose, Esquire, Secretary to the Office for Taxes, Tomorrow, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to pot in Execution so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of " Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of " through Otley, Skipton, Colne, Burnley, and Blackburn,

" to Burscough Bridge, in in the County of

" lAincdjler, and from Skipton, through Gt/burn and " Clitheroe, to Prefion, in the said County of r,"

as relates to the Districts of Road leading from Otley to Skipton in the County of from Skipton to C'li-Vot. 3S.

theme in the County of Lancaster, and from Skipton to Colne in the said County; and of several Gentlemen, Clergy , Freeholders, Merchants Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the said respective Counties of York and Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed: And also,

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution so much of art Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of " Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York,

" through Otley, Skipton, Colne, Burnley, and Blackburn,

" to Burscough Bridge, in Walton, in the County of " Lancaster, and from Skipton, through Gijbitrn and

* Clitheroe, to P ref on, in the said County of ,"

as relates to the Districts of Road leading from Otley to Skipton in the County of York, from Skipton to Clitheroe in the County of Lancaster, and from Skipton to Colne in the said County; and of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the said respective Counties of York, and Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, so far as relates to the said Districts of Road, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, which, together with the Tolls have been applied in repairing and widening the said Roads, and great Progress hath been made therein; but the said Roads cannot be eflfeftually repaired and widened, and kept in Repair for the future, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term, granted by the said Act, and also the additional Term of Five Years, added thereto by an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of his said late Majesty, be continued, the Powers of the said fidl-mentioned Act enlarged, altered, and amended, and some further and other Tolls grauted; and that it would tend much to the Advantage of the Public, and be more commodious to Travellers, if some Parts of the said Roads were diverted out of their present Course, for the Purpose of avoiding many steep Hills therein, and particularly if the said Road, leading from Otley to Skipton, was diverted from Addin to Skipton, by extending the same from a House in Addingham, now occupied by Henry in a direct

Line, as near as may lie, to and through the Town or Village of Dravghton, in, through, and over Lands and Property belonging to the ia\dlfenry!larrifon, William ami others,

the Executors of the late M r. Moor house, John Marfden, Esquire, Elizabeth Alcock, Spinster, the Duke of Devonshire, John Ef-

quire, Sir John Goodrich, and Henry Scot, Esquire, and from Draughton aforesaid to Skiplon, by Way of the present Highway, except where it will be necessary to deviate a little therefrom into the Lands contiguous, belonging to the Earl of Thanet, for the Sake of making the Road of easier Ascent: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet and expedient.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution so much of an Act, made in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, in-3 B tituled.

Leeds from Otley to Skipton Road*.

March and

Wimblington

Drainage.

t86

6° Februarii.

A. 1781.

tituled, cc An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of " Leeds, in the West Riding of the County " of York, through Olley, Skipton, Colne,

" Burnley, and Blackburn, to Bur/cough " Bridge in Walton, in the County of /.a/jcaster, and from Skipton, through Gif* u burn and Clitheroe, to Prejion, in the " said County of Lancaster," as relates to the Districts of feoad leading from O/toy to Skipton in the County of Far/r, from ' Skipton to Clitheroe in the County of caster, and from Skipton to Ch/ttc in the said County, and of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Merchants, Trades-men, and other Inhabitants, of the said respective Counties of York and Lancajlei*, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, is referred: And they are to examine the Matters of these Petitions; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors of Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying within certain Boundaries called The Fourth J)ijlricl, mentioned and described in and by an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and preferring " certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons,

<c in the Townlliips or Hamlets of March and Wimblington, apd in the Parish of Upzvetl, in the Isle of <c Fiji and County of Cambridge," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by the said Act, all the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the said Fourth District, were liable to, and charged with, an Annual Tax or Assessment, not exceeding Two Shillings per Acre, and the Commissioners acting for the said District were impowered to borrow any Sum not exceeding £. 3,500, for the Purposefc of the said District; and that the said Commissioners have borrowed the Sum oi £. 3,300, which still remains due, and have also incurred a further Debt of about i'.500, in making and supporting the Works of Drainage, and other Expences relative to the said District; and the Petitioners, and the other Persons interested in the said District, have found great Benefit by the Drainage and Preservation of the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the same, in consequence of the Provisions of the said Act; and that the necessary Repair of the Banks and Works, for the Drainage and Preservation of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, unavoidably creates a constant and regular Expence, and without which the Waters cannot be kept from overflowing the ! said Fen Lands and Low Grounds; and that the pre-. lent Tax of Tw'o Shillings per Acre is not sufficient to discharge the Money borrowed, and the other out-standing Debts of the said District, and to defray the Expence of supporting the necessary Works of Drainage, and other Expences attending the Preservation of the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the said District; and that the said Act, so far as the same relates to the said District, is defective, and further Powers and Provisions are wanting, and the Petitioners are desirous that the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds should be charged with a further Rate or Assessment, in order that proper Provision may be made for keep-

mine the Matter thereof;'and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Charles Gould, Sir Sampson Gideon, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. '

Sir William Lemon presented to the House, according compound

to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act> made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Eastern End of the Borough of Gram* /found, in the County Cornwall, through the low ns of Saint Aujlell and Lajiwithiel, and from thence to the East End of The Wejiern Taphouse Lane, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, t hrough the Towns of* Penryn, Ilelstone, and Ma-razion, and from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge, and Two hundred Feet to the Westward of the said River and Bridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William -Lemon, Mr. Butler, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names ar'e thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands, or otherwise interested in the Common and Open Fields, in the Parish of Wandsworth, in the County of Surrey, \\t\s presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Property of the Petitioners, and the several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands, in the said Common and Open Fields, lie intermixed and dif-perfect in final! Parcels, and arc inconveniently situated, with respect to the Cultivation thereof, and, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to the 'several Owners and Proprietors thereof, and other Persons interested in the said Common and Open Fields, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specifie Parts thereof allotted to them, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Intereiis: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Open Fields, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Midlcton and Sir Joseph Mazvbey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Becralston, in the County of Devon, in the room of the Right honourable Sir George Macartney, Lord Baron Macartney of Lejffimoure, in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, since his Election

JRoad.

Fa! mouth*

&c.

Road.

Wanclt worth Indofurej

Eferalftod

Writ.

ing the Works of Drainage in effectual Repair, for de- for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of

fraying the necessary Expences of the said District, and for discharging the Money borrowed, and the other outstanding Debts thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill foramend-. ing, and rendering more effectual, the said Act, so far . as the same relates to the said Fourth District.

Steward of his Majesty's Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

Stow tt

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of the Navigation/ River Slower Navigation, from the Town of Maningtree,

Ordered', Tl\at the said Petition be referred to the ‘ in the County of Essex, to the '] own of Sudbury, in the Cqnfideratfon.pfa' Committee: Anti that they do exa- -County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read;

19 " - Setting

£1 Geo'. IIL 6° Februarii. i'Sj

Rutting forth* That by tin Act, passed in the Fourth and against a Praft ice which is discounlehanced by every Fifth Years of Queen Ann, for making the RWerSiotOcr good Citizen: And therefore praying the House to take navigable from the Town of Maningtrcc, in the County the said Law again under their Consideration, and adopt of Essex, to the Town of Sudbuiy^ in the County of Snf- Inch Amendments as uuly relieve the Petitioners from folk, divers Persons therein named were empowered to their great Anxiety, and, by applying to the real Offen-make the said River navigable, from the said Town of der, whether he be Owner or Seaman* a Punishment Maningtrce to t he Town of Sudbury, and to continue, adequate to the Offence, provide moll effectually for the support* maintain, and use such Navigation, in such Rest raint of Smuggling* the foie avowed rurpose of the Manner as tlicy should think fit, and for that Purpose Act, without confounding the Innocent with the Guilty, divers Powers and Authorities were given to the several A Petition of the Guild or Brotherhood of Matters t Petition Persons named in the said Act; and, for the better eft and Pilots, Seamen of the Trinily-House* of Kingston- a2ain* feeling the Purposos of the said Act* certain Persons 'upon-llull: And also*

therein named were appointed Commissioners.; and it A Petition of the Owners of Ships belonging to the Dioo.

was thgiyhy eiiafted, that for Applying the Number of Port of Kingston-upon-Hidl, and others, Concerned in the the said Commissioners, in case of Death, or Refusal to ilaritime 1 rade at the said Port;

aft, the surviving Commissioners, or any Fifteen or more of thetn, should, from Time to Time, by Writing under their ilands arrd Seals, notninate and appoint some other Person or Persons within the said Counties of Suffolk i\nd Essex, ImvinganEstatein Land of the yearly Value of £. 150 at lealt, or a personal Estate of £. 3000* in the Place of him or them lb dying or refusing, which said new Commissioner or Commissioners should from thenceforth have like Power and Authority, in all Tilings relating to the said Navigation, as if he or they had been expressly named in the said Act; and that all the Pefftnsnominated and appointed Commissioners by the said Act are deceased, and there are now only remaining, of Persons appointed Commissioners under the Powers of the said Act, William Jennens, of A cl on in the County of Suffolk, and Charles Grey, of Colchester in the County of Essex, Esquires, who are not a fuf-licient Number to do any Act for continuing and effecting the Purposes of the said Navigation, and for appointing new Commissioners; and that the Powers and Authorities given to the said Comfoiftioners by the said Act, have in some Respe; *s been found defective and ineffectual for the Purposes thereby intended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for naming new Commissioners, and for inverting them with proper Powers and Authorities for continuing the said Navigation, and such other Purposes as to the ilotifeihall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fan neve an, Mr. Ezcer, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

tiiion A Petition of the Owners of Shipping, belonging to ainst the Town of Nezvcastle-itpan- Tyne, and rdirling on Shore, ^llnS4 was prefen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by the Act lately passed, for more effectually preventing the pernicious Practice of Smuggling, the several Penalties and Forfeitures therein are so ordered as to alTeft the Petitioners most grievously, and to punish them moil tindefervedly with thentmoftSeverity, by a Confiscation of their Property, while, contrary to every Principle of Justice and Equity, the Delinquent is suffered to escape without Punishment; and that the Intention of the said Act being to suppress an illicit Trade* whereby His Majesty's Revenue appears tobe materially injured, the Petitioners beg Leave to represent, that the Act: as it now (lands, has a quite different Tendency, by leaving the Offender at Liberty* while the Punishment falls on the Party, who neither is, nor can be, guilty of the Crime; and that the utmost Attention of the Petitioners, in the Choice of their Matters, cannot secure them, under the Letter of the present Law, from such heavy Penalties, as to make not only all Foreign* but even the Coailing Trade, big with Ruin to their Property, whilst those very Penalties, which so unmercifully diltrels them, can be no Security to Government Vol. 38.

Were severally p relented to the House* and read;

Setting forth, That by the Act lately puffed, for more effectually preventing the pernicious Practice of Smuggling; the Ship or Vessel in which shall be imported Foreign Brandy, or other Foreign Spirituous Liquors, in any Calk not containing Sixty Gallons at the lead (except only For the Use of the Seamen, not exceeding.

Two Gallons each Man) with her Tackle and Apparel, is forfeited; and when Tea, Coffee, or any Goods whatsoever, are liable to Forfeiture, for being found on board any Ships or Vessels coming from Foreign Parts, at. Anchor, or hovering within the Limits of any Port of this Kingdom, or within Two Leagues of the Coast thereof. Sec* the Ship or Vessel, if corning from any Part of Europe, on board which l'ucll -Goods shall be so found, together with her Guns*

Stores, and Materials, shall be forfeited, provided each Ship or Vessel do not exceed the Burthen of Two Hundred Tons; and that the said Law (by making no Distinction between such Ships as are usually employed in a fair and open Trade, and such as are employed for the sole Purpose of Smuggling) doth subject the Ship Owner to the Loss of his Property, although he is no Ways concerned in, or privy to, any Offence committed against the Laws made to prevent Smuggling; and that the Mailers and Seamen, employed by Owners of Ships, being Persons of little or no Property, no Recompence can be had against them, in case of Forefeiture of the Ships by the said Law; and that the said Forfeiture greatly discourages the building and fitting out Ships for the Foreign and Coailing Trade in general, and may, in Time, occasion a total Decrease in the Number of Ships so employed* and of course in His Majesty's Revenue arising from those extensive Trades; and the Petitioners conceive* that if the Legislaturewere, by a new Law, to declare, that the said Act shall not extend to the Forfeiture of any Ship or Vessel belonging to* and usually failing out of, a British Port, and constantly employed in a fair and open Trade, and where the Owner thereof can make it clearly appear, that he has no Concern in, or privy to, the illicit Transaction, the same would be agreeable to Justice and Equity; and that if the Mailers and Seamen, belonging to Ships or Vessels on board which any prohibited Goods shall be found, were thereby made liable to serve in the Royal Navy, or to some personal and exemplary Punishment, the same would greatly tend to discourage the pernicious Practice of Smuggling, and more effectually obtain the Objects of the present Act: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners J*

such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition

GreenhiU

Moor,

Sec.

Roads.

Webb's Embankment at Pock.

188 6* — 70 F. A. 1781.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road from the Turnpike Road upon GreenhiU Moor, near Norton, in the County of Derby to Hathersage, in the same County, through

the Parishes of Norton, Dronfi and Hathersage, in the said County, and also the Road from Stoney Middleton to Totley, through the Parishes of

Hathersage, and Dronfield, all in the said County of Derby, are ruinous and incommodious, and in some Parts narrow, and cannot be sufficiently widened, altered, diverted, amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widening, altering, diverting, amending, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall feera meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Earl of Surrey, Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr. Rutherford, from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1779, The Account of ft the Committee of the Company of Merchants trad- ing to Africa; distinguishing every Article of Expence under its proper Title."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mecuriiy 7* die Februarii;

Anno 21® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1781.

A Petition of John Oliver, of the Town and County of Poole, Gentleman, Agent for Sir Webb, Baronet,

Lord of the Manor of Great Canford, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is a Piece or Parcel of Mud Land within the Flux and Reflux of the Sea near the Channel, belonging to the Harbour of Poole aforesaid, about Three Furlongs above Low Water Mark, which is the Property of the said Sir John Webb, and adjoins to his other Lands in the Hamlets or Tythings of Longjteet and Parkfon, within the said Manor of Great Canford; and that, if the said Piece or Parcel of Mud I-and was embanked and secured from the Overflowing of the Sea, it would be very beneficial to the said Sir John Webb, and also to the TownandNeighbourhoodof and would not be any Ways prejudicial to the Harbour of Poole, or to any Persons whomsoever; and that the said Sir John Webb is now in Parts beyond the Seas, and has directed the Petitioner to make Application on his Behalf, to enable him to embank the said Mud Land: And therefore, on Behalf of the said Sir John Webb, praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for embanking and securing the said Mud Land, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Earl of Surrey, Mr. Frederick Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Prayers.

fGEORGE LeicisKohn took the Oaths appointed, in Order to his Naturalization.

The Lord North presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

Copies of the Judgments and Decrees of the Commissioners appointed pursuant to an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to veil certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the " better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and " Stores, at ChathamAnd also,

Copies of the Judgments and Decrees of the Commissioners appointed pursuant to an Act passed in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better " securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at " Plymouth and Sheerness; and for better defending the " Passage of the River Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort," so far as the same relate to the Purchase of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, necessary for the better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores at Sheerness, and for better defending the Passage of the River Thames at GraveJ'end and Tilbury Fort.

And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

The said Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Names of the Proprietors, and their several Proportions of the Money, according to the said Judgments and Decrees, are as fofioweth,

PROPRIETO-

Afr'can Company) j

Papers

respectHng Lands purchased fit securing tb Dock Yard

a i Geo. III. *j° Februarit.i 89

PROPRIETORS NAMES.

CHATHAM.

Governors of Chatham Chejl -D°....

Thomas Webb ——

D#....

D°....

St. Bartholomew's Hospital

D* - ....

Richd Davis - .

John Boghurfi -

Geo. Wiljhn and his Wife - -

John Loach ——

Whitaker, Esquire -

Edwd Pi tic her, Esquire -

t>°....

City of Rochester Thomas Bag/haio - - _ -

Fran' Wadman, Esquire, and his Wife

D° -....

Elizabeth Smith -

D°....

Samuel Nicholson -

Miss Eliz. and Mary Buck -

John Lammas -

D°....

Isaac Wildash, - Esquire - -.

D"....

Christopher Rhodes, Esquire Dean and Chapter of Rochester -

D*.....-

D* ——

Thd Hawes and Henry Thames Rogers Wm Storey and his Wife -

Thomas Bradley - . - -

Thomas Baker -Wm Patten -

D«.....-

James Befi, Esquire -

D°....

Reverend Walter Frank - - n.

Honourable Henry Roper -

Rich* Boghurjt -

Reverend Wm Lowth -

RespeflWe Sums.

£. 829 16 — 470 7 6

*57 4 —

170 13 — -

20 ——

602 3 6 .

104 5 5f

645 — 349 7

4>772

600

6

9°7 ——

10© — —

29 ——

30 ——

115 14 6|

50 — —

604 — 6

93 2 4r

343 i° —

95 13 4 »5° ——

230 8 —

50 ——

4

Sums Total.

1,300 3 6

347 l7

706 8 nf

60 ——

1,660 8

210 — —

300 ——

1,975 16 —

994 7

707 8 6

50 ——

5>372 1 9

1,007 10 —

650 ——

526 4 —

59 ——

165 14 6f 64 16 —

1,040 12 io£ 438 7 6

45 11 4f '200 — — 1,461 18 8

345 13 4 280 8 —

348 13 9

41 10 - —

154 ——

*57 1 3

20,671 12 6

Vol. 38.

3C

PROPRIETORS

Iliviir.otna

Inclosurt.

Beverley Smaii Debt?

7° Februarii. A. 1781*

PROPRIETORS NAMES. Reipeftive Sums. Sums Total.

SHEERNESS. John Bristow and Mary his Wife, Eliz. Hart, and Diana Hosier Hart - 3,406 u

GRAVESEND. Francis Wadman and his Wife - - - D* - D* - D* - John Keddell goo — — 9°a7~ 1,120 10 — 93o 105 3,861 16 — . 3,000

James Spencer ----- - - v... - too — —

Moses Adams ----- ----- - 700 — —

John Ward - -- 500

'Thomas Cheeseman - - - Ellen Joynes - r - D* D* 240 131 15 — 162 20 — — 125 371 *5 —

Sarah Gordon - -- - - -- - 307 — — 73° *

33° *5 —

Benjn Squires - -- - 16 — —

29'

TILBURY FORT. Michael Evans and Charles Wall, in Trust, Sic. Robert , Richard Wood, and Ann Morris - -- -- - 113 18 — *

Thomas Moor - -- - 20 — — *

Simon Moyes ----- ----- - 15

Total - - *. 13,601 15 —

Ordered, That the said Copies do Be upon the Table, to he perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, within the Parish of Ihninoton, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

llcfolved.That the Bill be committed to Sir George Shvckburgh, Sir Robert Laieley, &c.: And they are to irreet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Right Worshipful the Mayor, Alderrwn, and principal Traders, Dealers, Inhabitants, awl Occupiers of frauds, within the Town and Liberties of Beverley, in the F,a(l Riding of the County of

York, and the several Parishes of the same Town, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the

Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Efiricke Hancock being examined, said, That there are several Branches of Trade and Business carried on within the Town and Liberties of Beverley, and many Persons therein contract Small Debts, who, although well able, refuse to pay Hie fame, presuming on the Difficulties their Creditors lie under, by the tedious and expenftve Way of suing for the fame, which is by going to the County Court of York, Twenty-nine Miles distant from Beverley. — Being further examined, he said. That there is a Court at Beverley, but the sixpences thereof were so great, that he does not recollect an Inffance of any Suit being carried on there for these Thirty Years: That if a Court was established, for the more easy and speedy Method of recovering Small Debts within the said Town and Liberties, the same would greatly contribute to promote Industry, and encourage Trade and Credit therein, and he of public Utility. — And the Witness further said. That the Corporation and all the principal Inhabitants of Beverley, were so fenfibie of the Need! 'itr

of such a Court, that tliev have signed the Petition,

and

21 Gro. III. 70 Februarii. tai

and have done every thing to promote the Success of the Application.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts* within the Town and Liberties of Beverley, in the County of York, and the several Parishes of the same Town: And that Sir George Sav and Mr. DunCombc do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

leave of Ordered, That Mr. George Onslow: have Leave to go Atfence. into the Country, for a Week, on his private Affairs.

Kent Street Mr. Filmer Honyxooood presented to the House, ac-®» cording to Order, a Bill for the more effectually re-

Koadt pa'r>ng the several Roads leading from The Stone's End

m Kent Street, in the Parish of George, to Dartford; and from The Stone's End in Street to the Turnpike near Saint Thomas a in the said Parish of Sain; and from the Turnpike Road near Deptford Bridge, to The Stone's End, in London Street, in the Parish of Greenwich; and from The Six Mile Stone on Blacklieath, near the West End of Greenwich Park to Woolwich Warren; and from The Lime Kilns in East to join the Turn-

pike Road in the Parish of Leivijhaand from Nerv-Cross, in the Parish of Deptford, to Well;

and from the First Mill Pond at South , in the said Parish of Lczcijkam, to the West End in the Parish of Croydon; and from the Turnpike Road near Lewisham Bridge to the North End of Burnt Ash

Lane, in the Parish of Lee, in the Counties of and Surrey; and for repealing so much of several Acts of Parliament, now in Force, as relates to the said Roads:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

The Lord North presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Account of the Monies issued at the Receipt of Atconnt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, Payment* pursuant to His Majesty's Orders, to be applied and American paid for the Relief and Benefit of sundry American Civil LoyaliiU. Officers, and others, who have fuflered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Government, between the 20th of February 1780, and the 20th of January 1781.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth, viz.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of Mis Majesty's Civil List Revenues, pursuant to His Majesty's Orders, to be applied and paid for the Relief and benefit of sundry American Civil Officers, and others, who have fuflered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Government.

To Mihoard Rowe, Esquire, between the 29th Day of February 1780, and the 29th of

January 1781..... ..... - £. 57,910 12 —

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

hire Goods. A Bill for extending the Provisions of Three Acts, made in the Eighteenth, Nineteenth, and Twentieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Prizes taken from the States General of the United Provinces; for declaring what Goods shall be deemed Military or Ship Stores; for regulating the Sale of, and ascertaining the Duties upon, East India Goods condemned as Prize in the Port of London; and for permitting the Purchasers of Prize Goods condemned Abroad, to import such Goods into this Kingdom, under the like Regulations and Advantages as are granted by Law to Captors themselves, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to cor.fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1781, be referred to the said Committee,

Vol. 38.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea HoJ'pital, for the Year 1781, be rev

ferred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1781, bs referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1780 to the 24th of June 1781, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establish-ment of His Majesty's Province of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1780 to the 24th of June 1781, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Province of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1780 to the 24th of June 1781, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Eftahlishment of His Majesty's Island of Saint John in America, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the ifto {January 1781 to the lftof 1782, be

referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty's Dominions in North America, for the Year 1781, he referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Governor and

Company,

7° — 8° Februdrii< A, 178.1*

Company of Merchants of England trading into The Levant Seas, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the Ho life resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutious; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Means. ref0[ve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being-read accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Account Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the of Amount of the Quantity of Refined Sugar exported

usar* from Great Britain to Foreign Parts during the Years

1774> 1775> 1776> im> x778> 1779> aa(l T78oJ

tinguidling each Year,

Ditto. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Amount of the Quantity of Sugar imported from the British West India Islands into Great Britain in the Years

*774» 1775' >776> 1777» 177s> 079'and O80* dif-

tinguishing each Year.

Ditto. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Amount of the Quantity of Raw Sugar, exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts during the Years 1774, 1775, 1776, 1777, 1778, 1779, and 1780s distinguishing each Year.

ments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Harbord Ilarbord prefected to the I Ioufe, according to Order, a Hill for exchanging, dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Lands and Grounds called Whole Year Lands, Half Year Inclosures, Open Field Lands, Breeks, Commons, and Wastes, in Great Ringjlead, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for naturalizing George Lewis Kahn, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Ehves, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Attendance of Mr. Thomas Noxon and Mr. Thomas Butler, late Sheriffs of the City of Coventry); and for taking into further Consideration the several Petitions presented to this House, upon the 20th Day of November last, relating to the Return made by the said Sheriffs at the ljaft General Election;

The said Sheriffs, and their Counsel, and also the Counsel for the several other Parties, wrere called in.

And one of the Counsel for Lord Sheffield and Mr. Roe Yeo, and the Counsel for the several Freemen of the City of Coventry, wdio have petitioned this House, complaining of the Conduct of the said Sheriffs, were heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the Allegations of their Petitions.

And then the said Sheriffs and the said Counsel w'ere directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Attendance of the said Sheriffs, and the further Consideration of the several Petitions relating to the Return made by them for the City of Coventry at the lall General Election, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr. Peeked:

Mr. Speaker,

Shotefham The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act luclolurc. for dividing arid inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands in the Pari Ihesof Shotefham Saint Mary, Shotefham Saint Bololpli, Shotesham All Saints, and Sliotesham Saint Marlins, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also,

Stratford The Lords have agreed to the Bilk intituled, An ^V0M Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the oa s* Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, through Alcejtcr, in the said County, and Feckenham, to a Place called Bradley Brook, in the County of Worcester, and from Alcester through Great Coughton and Crabs Cross, in the said County of Warwick; and through Hewell Lane and Burcott, to The Cross of Hands on a Common called The Leek-hau, and out of Hewed Lane, through Church Lane and 'Ifftied, to Bromsgrove, in the said County of Wonrjicr; without any Amendment: And also, Hingham The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An iuduiure. for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waite

Lands within the Parish of Hingham, in the County of Norfolk', with some Amendments; to which Arnend-

Jovis, 8° die Februarii \

Anno 210 Georgii III. U Regis, 1781. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Owners of Ships belonging to the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, residing on Shore, w'as presented to the House, and read; Reciting an Act made in the Nineteenth Yrear of His present Majesty\s Reign, for more effectually preventing the pernicious Practice of Smuggling; And felting forth, That the said Act (by making no Distinction between such Ships as are usually employed in a fair open Trade, and such as are employed for the sole Purpose of Smuggling) subjects the Ship Owner to the Loss of his Property, although he be no Way concerned in, or privy to, any Offence committed against the Laws made to prevent Smuggling; and that, the Mailers and Seamen employed by the Petitioners in their Ships, being Persons of little or no Property, the Petitioners can have no Recompence against them in same of Forfeiture of their Ships by the aforesaid Law, which Forfeiture is a Discouragement to the building and fitting out Ships, especially for the Holland and CoastingTrade, and may occasion a great Decrease in the Number of

Ships

Great

Rinostead

luclosure.

Kohn's

Nat.

Coventry

Election*

Petition against

Smuggling,

si Geo. III.

8 ° Februarii.

Ships fu employed, and of Course in His Majesty's Revenue anting from the said Trade; and the Petitioners conceive, that, if' by a new Law it was declared, that the said Act shall not extend to the Forfeiture of any Ship, or WfT'el, belonging 1o, and usually failing out of, a Brili/k Fort, and constantly employed in a fair and open Trade (of which the Proof to lie on the Owner) unless it appear that the Owner had some concern in, or was / privy to, the illicitTransaction, such new Law would be agreeable to Justice and Equity; and that, if severe Pains and Penalties were laid on the Mailers and Seamen belonging to Ships, or Vessels, on board which any prohibited Goods shall be found, the same would greatly tend to discourage the pernicious Practice of Smuggling, and more effectually answer the Ends intended by the said Act: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Borro-.v- Sir William Cunynghame presented to the House, ac-^Kcads^ accor(^nSto Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the ca Road leading from the Port of Borrowfounness, by the Well of the Borough of Linlithgow, and by the Towns of Torphichen, Bathgate, and Whit chum, and from thence Southwards to the Confines of the County of Linlithgow, at or near Holthouselurn: And the same was received; and read the first Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

193

' Mr. Hugh Scott presented to thelloufe, according to Deanbur Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Br»dgd Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his 04 ]

late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from <c Deanbur n Bridge through Greenlaw, and Part of the " Jedburgh Road, by Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick,

" to Cornhill, in the County of Durham; and for building a Bridge over the Tweed near Coldstream And:

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Hughfon, from Account the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; Ma®[ar^n< and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to of ConviaJ their Order, j

An Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell,

Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing. Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Mr. Hughfon also, from the Exchequer, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty. I

An Account of all Sums of Money which have been Money ] issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses issued on of this House, and which have not been made good by Addresses, Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the MONIES paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing, Convicts on the River Thames; and which have not been made good by Parliament.

THE Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing, Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Fifteen thousand Four hundred and Eighty-seven Pounds Seventeen Shillings.

Exchequer, the 8th Day of February 1781. John Hughfon.

Vor„ >8

s i>

To

194

8° Februarii.

A. 1781.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty'* Orders, pursuant to Ad-

dresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

To John Hat/ell, Esquire, for printing Journals of the House of Commons -

To Kenton Couse, Esquire, for completing the Works at the Prison of To John Nichols, Esquire, towards defraying the Expence of printing 1,250 Copies of such Parliamentary and other Records as His Majesty shall think fit To Robert Taylor, Esquire, Mailer Mason and Deputy Surveyor of His Majesty's Works, to be by him applied, under the Directions of the Board of Works, towards the Expences of repairing the Damages done to The King's Bench Prison and The Fleet Prison by the Rioters in the late rebellious Insurrections - -

To George Goodenough, Esquire, to be by him paid over to Count Hajlang, Minister from the Elector of Bavaria, in full Satisfaction and Discharge of all Damages done to his Chapel and Premisses during the late Tumults ——

To Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to be by him paid over to the Marquis de Minister from the King of Sardinia, in full Satisfaction and Discharge of all Damages done to his Chapel and PremiflesMuring the late Tumults -To Lord Charles Spencer, Treasurer of His Majesty's Chamber, to be paid to Mr. John Bacon towards erecting Lord Chatham's Monument ——

Exchequer, the 8 th Day of February 1781.

John Hughjbn.

f. s.

800 ——

5,000 ——

2,500 ——

9,000 — —

L37g ——

2,046 ——

1,500 — —

22,222 — —

Papers

respecting East India Affairs.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Michelt, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at tire Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented the the House, pursuant to their Order,

N° 1. Copy of Letters Patent, establishing a Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort WilliamvaBengal, dated the 26th of March, 1774: And also N° 2. Extracts of Letters from the Court of Directors of the East India Company to the Governor General and Council in Bengal, relative to the Supreme Court of Judicature in Bengal: And also,

N° 3. Copies and Extracts of Letters and Minutes received by the Court of Directors of the East India Company, from the Governor General and Council in Bengal, relative to the Supreme Court of Judicature in Bengal: And also,

N° 4. Extracts of the Proceedings of the Governor General and Council at Fort William in Bengal, in their Public Department, from the 3d of November 1774 to the iqtli April 1779, relative to the Supreme Court of Judicature in Bengal: And also,

N° 5. Extracts of the Proceedings of the Governor General and Council at Fort William in Bengal, in their Secret Department, from the 10th April 1775 to the 14th August 1776, relative to the Supreme Court of

Judicature in Bengal: And also,

N° 6. Extracts of the Proceedings of the Governor General and Council at Fort William in Bengal, in their Revenue Department, from the 15th November 1774 to the 22d December 1775, relative to the Supreme Court of Judicature in Bengal: And also,

N° 7. Extracts of the Proceedings of the Governor General and Council at Fort in Bengal, in their

Revenue Department, from the 5th January to the

29th October 1776, relative to the Supreme Court of Judicature in Bengal: And also,

N° 8. Extracts of the Proceedings of the Governor General and Council at Fort William in Bengal, in their Revenue Department, from the 10th January to the 30th December 1777, relative to the Supreme Court of Judicature in Bengal: And also,

N° 9. Extracts of the Proceedings of the Governor General and Council at Fort William in Bengal, in their Revenue Department, from the 6th January 1778 to the 25th February 1780, relative to the SupremeCourt of Judicature in Bengal: And also,

N° 10. Copies of Letters received by the Court of Directors of the East India Company from the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature in And

also,

N° 11. Diary of the Commissioners of Law Suits, from the 1 ft January 1778 to the 15th 1779:

And also,

N° 12. Copy of a Letter from the Court of Directors of the East India Company, to the Right honourable Lord Viscount Weymoulh, one of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, dated the 19th November 1777, relative to the Supreme Court of Judicature in Bengal: And also,

N° 13. Appendix A to X, Copies of Papers referred to in the Letter from the Court of Directors of the East India Company to the Right honourable Lord Viscount Weymouth, dated the jgth November 1777, relative to the Supreme Court of Judicature in Bengal: And also,

N° 14. Appendix Y, Copies of Papers referred to in the Let ter from the Court of Directors of the East. India Company to the Right honourable Lord Viscount Weymouth, dated the 19th November 1777, relative to the Supreme Court of Judicature in Bengal And also,

N° 15. Appendix Z, Copies of Papers referred to in the Letter from the Court of Directors of the East India Company

21 Geo. III. 8° Februarii.

I95

Company to the Right honourable Lord Viscount Weymouth, dated the 19th November 1777, relative to the Supreme Court of J udicature in Bengal: And also,

N°. 16. Appendix Z Z, Copies of Papers referred to in the Letter from the Court of Directors of the East India Company to the Right honourable Lord Viscount Weymouth, dated the 19th November 1777, relative to the Supreme Court of Judicature in Bengal: And also,

N° 17. Copy of a Letter from the Court of Directors of the East India Company to the Right honourable Lord Viscount Weymouth, one of His Majesty'sPrinci-pal Secretaries of State, dated the 13d December 1777, relative to the Supreme Court of Judicature in Bengal: And also,

N° 18. Copies of Papers referred to in the Letter from the Court of Directors of the East India Company to the Right honourable Lord Viscount Weymouth, dated the 23d December 1777, relative to the Supreme Court of Judicature in Bengal: And also,

N° 19. An Account of Charges incurred since the Establishment, and in the Support and Maintenance, of the Supreme Court of Judicature in Bengal, dated at Fort William, 3d March 1780.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

KnWs Mr. Elzves reported from the Committee, to whom NaI# the Rill for naturalizing George Lewis Kohn was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's 'fable.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Jdices The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a tf Peace Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable suppressinjr Hersons, named in any Commission of the Peace, to Kiots. h act as Justices of the Peace in the Suppression of Riots and Tumults, notwithstanding the y have not taken out their Dedimus Polejiatem; and for enabling such Justices of the Peace to take the Oath of Qualification in the Manner therein directed.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sloper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sloper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Sloper accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the

j said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as

liudl be sufficient for the Life of the Members of I the House.

I Army; Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defer-Wc tier ani* *01 ^ie better Payment of the Army and their I ' Quarters: And the same was received; and read the I First Time.

I Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

j Vol. 38.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of the Owners of Ships belonging to the Port of Whitby, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Petition has been presented from the Owners of Ships belonging to the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the County of NorfoUc, reciting an Act of the Nineteenth of His present Majesty, for more effectually preventing the pernicious Practice of Smuggling, and alleging, that the said Act subjects the Ship Owner to the Lois of his Property, although he be no Way concerned in, or privy to, any Offence committed against the Laws to prevent Smuggling; and representing to the House, that the said Act equally affects the Petitioners, as well as other Ship Owners in Great Britain, whtffe Property, so long as the said Act; continues in Force, may be liable to be seized and condemned, and their Families be reduced toDistress, without their being guilty of any Crime or Offence against the Ad above-mentioned: And therefore praying the House to take the said Petition into Consideration, and to grant such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the (kid Petition do lie upon the Table.

Peru ion J against \ Smuggling.

Ordered, That Lord William Gordon have Leave to Leave go into the Country, for a Month, on his private of Absence* Affairs.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the Wapping Petition of the Commissioners for executing an Act of Streets* Parliament, made and passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign intituled, <c An Act cc fqr open ing Communications between Wapping Street u and Ratcliff Highway, and between Old Gravel Lane " and Virginia Street, and for paving certain Streets " intended to be built, and also certain other Streets cc and public Passages and Places, within the Parishes " of Saint George and Saint John of Wapping, in the " County of Middlesex;" and also of several of the principal Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint George, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table* Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Major Wright, the Clerk to the Commissioners for executing the said Act. being examined, said, That the Commissioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have caused to be paved the greatest Part of the Streets and Places in the said Act mentioned and directed to be paved, and have opened a Communication from Wapping Street, through Bird Street, to Ratcliff Highway — That the Commissioners, apprehending that Two Places, called Red Lyon Street and Queen's Head Alley, leading from Wapping Street to Green Batik, were Part of the Streets and Places directed by the said Act to be paved under their Direction, did accordingly cause the same to be paved in the belt Manner, at an Expence, of £. 450, or thereabouts, and did make a Rate upon the Inhabitants thereof, and, upon Refusal of Payment thereof, did cause Distresses to be made to enforce the Payment of the fame; upon which several Actions were brought against the Magistrate* who signed the Warrants of Distress, and, upon Trial of one of the said Actions in Trinity Term last, the said Street was ad judged not to be within the District directed by the said Act to be paved by the Commissioners, by Means of which Determ ination they are utterly deprived of any Method of being reirnbursed the said Sum of

£ 450,

10* 8° Februarii. A. 1781.

£. 450, so by them expended in paving the said Street and Alley as aforesaid. — And the Witness being further examined, said, That there are several oilier Streets, Avenues, and other public Passages and Places, within the said Parish of Saint , which are not comprised

in the said Act, the better paving of which, and removing and preventing all Obstructions, Annoyances, and Incroachments therein, would not only be of Advantage and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, but also be of great public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for impowering the Commissioners for executing an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for opening Communications between H apping Street and Ratcliff' Highway, and between Gravel Lane and Virginia Street, and for paving certain Streets intended to be built, and also certain other Streets and public Passages and Places, within the Parishes of Saint George and Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex, to pave all other Streets and public Passages and Places within the said Parish of Saint George, and also to keep in Repair the Pavements in Red Lyon Street and Queen's Head Alley, in the said Parish of Saint John of Wapping: And that Mr. Byng and Mr. Alderman Wilkes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply. Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-nine thousand and Fifty-nine Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1781.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Ninety-six Pounds Four Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1781.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety-one thousand Six hundred and Four Pounds Seven Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1781.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand and Ninety-nine Pounds Ten Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1781.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Nine hundred and Eighty-six Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th Day of June 1780 to the 24th Day of June 1781.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 'I'hat a Sum, not exceeding Three Thousand Nine hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, u;on Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Colony of Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th Day of June 1780 to the 24th Day of June 1781.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Nine hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Efiablillnnent of His Majesty's Colony of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th Day of June 1780 to the 24 th Day of June 1781.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand One hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, on Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Istand of Si. John, in America, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 11st Day of January 1781 to the 1st Day of January 1782.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Seven Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Expences attending General Surveys of His Majesty's Dominions in North America, for the Year 1781.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Pounds, be granted to His" Majesty, to be advanced to the Governor and Company of the Merchants of England trading into The Levant Seas, to be applied inaftilting the said Company in carrying on, their Trade.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House PozeGooJi to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Ilouie, upon the Bill for extending the Provisions of Three Arts, made in the Eighteenth, Nineteenth, and Twentieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Prizes taken from the States General of the United Provinces; for declaring what Goods shall be deemed Military or Ship Stores; for regulating the Sale of, and ascertaining the Duties upon, East India Goods condemned as Prize in the Port of London ;and for permitting the Purchasers of Prize Goods condemned Abroad, to import such Goods into this Kingdom, under the like Regulations and Advantages as are granted by Law to Captors Themselves, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instructioti to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to permit Foreign PrizeTobacco, that has been condemned in this Kingdom, and exported, to be returned upon Payment of the same Duties as British Plantation Tobacco.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they liad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to La.)(1 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, commiSouc upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Seliioti of Parliament, intituled, " An Art; for granting an Aid to His Majesty,

" by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Eighty-one."

C* 1

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Weeks, the First Day 0 I' March next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The

Coventry

Ele&ioi.

si Geo. III. 8* — o° F. 197

The other O/der of the Uay being read, for the Attendance of Mr. Thomas Noronand Mr. Thomas Butler, IateShcriffs of the City of Coventry, and for taking into further Consideration the several Petitions presented to this House upon Uie ioth Day of November last, relating to the Return made by the said Sheriffs at the last General Election;

The said Sheriffs and their Counsel, and also the Counsel for the several other Parties, were called in.

And the Connfel for Lord Sheffield and Mr. Roe Yeo, and for the several Freemen of the City of who have petitioned this House, complaining of the Conduct of the said Sheriffs, proceeded in their Examination of several other Witnesses in Support of the Allegations of their Petitions.

And one of the said Counsel for Lord Sheffield and Mr. Hoe Yeo having proposed to examine a Witness, in relation to certain Declarations supposed to have bten made by Lord Sheffield to the Persons assembled round the Booth appointed for taking the Poll at the said Election;

The said Sheriffs, the Counsel, and Witness, were directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That the Counsel for Lord Sheffield and Mr. Roe Yeo be restrained from examining, touching the Condu6fpf Lord Sheffield and Mr. Roe Yeo at the last General Election for the City of Coventry, unless the said Examination shall have Reference to a particular Transaction brought out on a previous Crol's Examination by the Counsel for the Sheriffs.

Then the said Sheriffs and Counsel were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Counsel for Lord Sheffield and Mr. Roe Yeo, and for the several Freemen of the City of Coventry, who have petitioned this Housej complaining of tlieCon-dust of the said Sheriffs, proceeded in their Examination of several other Witnesses, in Support of the Allegations of their Petitions.

And an Objection being made, that some Part of t he Evidence, given by one of the Witnesses, ought not to have been received;

The said Sheriffs and Counsel, and the said Witness, were directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Evidence of the last Witness, reflecting the Information given to him by Mr. Payne, touching the doling of the Poll, be expunged from the Minutes;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Sheriffs and Counsel were again called in; and the Counsel for Lord Sheffield and M r. Roe Yeo, and for the several Freemen of the City of Coventry, who have petitioned this House, complaining of the Conduct of the said Sheriffs, proceeded further in their Evidence.

And then the said Sheriffs, and the said Counsel, were again directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That, the further Attendance of the said Sheriffs, and the further Consideration of the several Petitions relating to the Return made by them for the City of Coventry, at the last General Election, be adjourned till WedneJ'day Morning next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Wednesday Morning next," and inserting the Words " Tomorrow " Morning," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words M WedneJ'day Morning next," stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the further Attendance of the said Sheriffs, and the further C'onfideralion of the several Vo 1.. 38.

Petitions relating to the Hettirn made by them for the City of Coventry, at the last General Election, be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned tilt To-mdrrOw Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 9? die j

Anno aP Georgii III1,1 Regis, 1781.-Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Philip Yorke, Esquire; and also the Petition of the Right honourable Thomas Hyde* commonly called Lord Hyde, and William Evelyn, Esquire, Lieutenant General of His Majesty's Forces; and also the Petition of Matthew Wills, Richard Pen-hall, and William Rogers, Freemen of the Borough of Hellffon, in the County of Cornwall, complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

' The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And lie went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Forty-two Members being found to be present;

The Connfel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Gerk.. was directed, hv Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House wefe, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn 1 v the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr Speaker to the House. 'i

And the Names of Forty-nine Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note,i hat in the Course of drawing the said Naur s, tin* Names of Seven other Members, then pixie nt, were drawn, and fetafide with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Two, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; and Five; on Account of their then serving on a Select Committee.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or let aside, being complete, the Counsel for Mr. Yorke named Charles Hobinfon, Esquire, and the Counsel for the Lord Hyde and Mr. Evelyn named Sir Richard Sutton, Baronet, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty,

3 E lor

Hellflon

Ele&iotu

Westwood

Gdtc

Read.-

i y8 90 Februarii.

for repairing.apd.widening the High Road from IPeJi-Hdood Gate, iii the Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedfdrd, through the Towns of Rushden and High am Ferrers, and over Ar debar ongh Bridge, to the Turnpike Road in Burton Seagrave Lane, in the Parish of Barton 'Seagrave, in the County of Northampton, was referred; That the Committee had examined, ami found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had Teen complied with; and that the Comm it tee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place , and afterwards delivered it h* at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Beeby'Wallis being examined, said, That the Trustees have Caused the said Road to be repaired, and ♦have borrowed, the Sum of £. 2,000 upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, which, together with a very large Arrear of Interest, Hill remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the Roads elTeftually repaired, unless the Term of the said Act, which is near expiring,

' be further continued, and the Tolls increased. And he

added, That l'ome Alterations and Amendments are necessary to be made in the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from Wejhvood Gate, in the Parish of Knotting, hi the County of Bedford, through the Towns of Rushden and Higham Ferrers, and over Artleborough Bridge, to the Turnpike Road in Barton Seagrave Lane, in the Parish of Barton Seagrave, in the County of Northampton: And that Mr. Frederick Montagu and Mr. Powys do prepare, and bring hi, the fame.

Prize Goods. Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for extending the Provisions of Three Acts, made in the Eighteenth, Nineteenth, and Twentieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this- Kingdom, to Prizes taken from the States General of the United Provinces; for declaring what Goods shall be deemed Military or Ship Stores; for regulating the Sale of, and ascertaining the Duties upon, East India Goods condemned as Prize in the Port of London; find for permitting the Purchasers of Prize Goods condemned Abroad, to import such Goods into this Kingdom, under the like Regulations and Advantages as are granted by Law to Captors themselves, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mold, ' Mr. Parry reported from the Committee, to whom kc. the Petition of Several of the Trustees appointed to put

Roads. in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his Jate Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Mold to the Town of Den-1high, and from thence to Tal y~Cafn and Conway, i and from the Town of Wrexham to the Towns of

Ruthin, Denbigh, and the Town and Port of Ruthland, in the Counties of Denbigh, Flinty and Carnarvon, was - ' 7i *

referred;That the^Committee examined, a/id found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th, of 'April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House.; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And, - v

Mr. John Jones being examined, said, That the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the said A6^ have regularly executed the Directions thereof, with rq-speft to the Roads from Denbigh to Ruthland, beinffthe Fourth Division of the said Roads, a.^jiiftlngiiidie.aiand described in the said Act: That a considerable Progress hath been made in amending Ihe Road in that plyi^oif; in doing which, the Tolls, together with a large Money borrowed, and fiill owing, on the Credit thereof, have been duly applied. . ‘ /

That the Term of the said being near ex pi wig, the Road in the said Fourth District* can not be CQna-pletely amended and kept in Repair, nor can the Paul Debt be paid off, unless the said Term be further'co^ tinned. [ ' --

That the said Act hath been found, in several star.ces, defective, particularly with respect to the"Pb\ve‘r of erecting Side Gates; and that it would be much to the Advantage of the Road, and convenient to thp Trustees, if the Roads comprized in the said Fourth Division were repaired under a separate Act for th*£ Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given io bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Town of Denbigh to the Town of Saint Ajaph, and from thence to the Town and Port of Ruthland, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint', and for repealing an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as the same relates to the said Road: And that Mr. Parry, the Lord Bulkeley, Mr. Myddelton, and Sir lFh/Azw Williams Wynn, do prepare, and bring in, the lame. ,3 .

Mr. Ord reported from the Comipitteq, who were appointed to enquire what Laws a re* expired or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had enquired accordingly, and had come to a llefplution; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolution of the Committee was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act more effectually to prevent the " Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurquent of Coals, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster " adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint <c Giles in the Fields, Saint Marxj-te-Bon, and such Part " of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the County of Middltfe.r," which was to continue in Force from the 24th Day of September 1746, for the Term of Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was, by several Acts, made in the Twenty-third, Twenty-fourth, Thirty-first, and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and the Sixth Y'ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the 24th Day of June 1780, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

j( 21 Geo. III.

9* Februarii.

199

ment, is near expiring, and fit to be continued, with Amendments.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill he brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Ord ami Mr. Charles 1 Mcllijhdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Derby, Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to

&t whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for put-

oads' ting in Execution an Act, pafl'ed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, King George the Sec >nd, i.'dituled, " An Act for amending, widening,

" and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioc.ed, lying in the Counties of Derby, Leicester,

" and Warwickand of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others,1 Inhabitants of the Counties of Derby and Leicester, whose Names are thereunto sub-

Icribed, and residing near the Road herein after mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the 1 House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turn-

pike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Flace; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the I said Act was read: And,

Mr. Dudley Baxter being examined, said, That great Progress hath been made in amending the Roads comprized in the said Act; and the Trusteeshave borrowed the Sum of £. 1,317 upon the Credit of the Tolls collected upon the Road from Meajkam to Fieldon Bridge, and from Tarmcorlhto Lane End: And,

Mr. John Fowler being examined, laid. That there is due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls arising from the Road between Burton Bridge and

£. 1,500: Which respective Sums of Money, with the interest thereon, the Witnesses said, cannot be repaid,

and the Roads completed, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and feme further Powers granted: Then

Mr, Fowler further informed your Committee, That

a public Highway, branching from a Part of the Road between Measham and Burton upon Trent, near Walton H ay Gate, to the Turnpike Road leading from Measham to Atherfione, is, in many Parts, in a ruinous Condition, and in the Winter Soafon, Carriages cannot get through it without great Danger; and that the same cannot be effectually amended and repaired without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, lying in the Counties of Derby, Leicester, and Warwick; and for amending and keeping in Repair, the Road branching from Part of the said Roads between Measham, in the said County of Derby, and Burton upon Trent,

in the County of Stafford to the Turnpike Road at or

near The Bull's Head in TwycroJ's, in the said

County of Leicester; And that Mr. Hungerford, Mr.

Pochin, and Mr. Darker, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

"anvworth - Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to Roads. whom the Petition of several of the Trutiees for put1 ting in Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, " and keeping in Repair, the High Roads from the Vol. 38.

" Borough of Tamworthto Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the " County of Leicester, and from Sawley Ferry, in the " fair! County, to a Turnpike Gate at or near the End " of Sr Cardiff Lane, lead ing to aforesaid," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Gom- . inittee had examined the Matter of the said Petitipp.; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared * to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said i^etitw^ ttye said Act was read: And, . ....

Mr. Charles Pefiell, Clerk and Treasurer to the said Road, informed your Committee, That the Trusteijs have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and borrowed several. Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls; which have been applied for the Purposes of the Act — That f. 4.000, and upwards, now remains . due; which cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads completed and kept" in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, anti the Tolls' and Powers thereby granted, altered, and enlarged!, *

Ordered, That Leave be given Wbrhjg in a Bill to enlarge the Term And PoWers of an Act, paiffed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, an4 ‘ *" keeping in Repair, the High Roads from the Borough of Tamworthto Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the Coutfty-of

Leicester-, and from Saw ley Fer, in the said County, to a Turn pike Gate at or near the End of Sicarc/j/f'Lane, leading to and in the Parish of aforesaid: And that Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Pochin, and Mr. Darker, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Robert Lawleyreported from the Committee, to Leicester,

whom the Petition of several of the Trusteos appointed Warwick, for putting in Execution the Powers given and granted by an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for am ending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads " therein mentioned, lying in the Counties of Leicester " and Warwick, and in the County of the City of Coventry," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report' in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. '

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, {he said Act was read: And, ' .

Mr. Dudley Baxter informed your Committee, That

great Progress has been made in amending the faitj Roads, for which Purpose considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed; and that the Sum of £. 4,168, and upwards, now remains due; which eftnnot be paid off, nor the fai l Roads completed and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and some further Powers granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Jteign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, lying in the Counties of Leicester and Warwick, and in the County of the City of Coventry:And that Sir Robert Sir George

Shuckburgh, and Mr. Hungerford, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An

00

2* Februarii.

A. 1781.

KoWs

Nat.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing George Lewis Kohn, Was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing George Lewis Kohn.

Ordered, That Mr. Ehves do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourneel till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Importation of Italian

An ingrossed Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His pre-

Thrown Silk. sent Majesty, for allowing the Importation of Fine Or-ganzined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vef-

Lunes, 12° d Februarii

fels, for a limited Time, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of Fine Organzined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Anno 210 Georgii III*11

Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

Account of Tobacco impbrted.

Helifton

Election.

feeverley Sir George Savile presented to the House, according &n all Debts. Order, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Liberties of Beverley, in the County of York, and the several Parishes of the same Town: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Tobacco imported into this Kingdom from any of the Islands in the West Indies, since the 5th of January 1780, so far as the same can be made up.

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned, being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unftrucki to which last mentioned Lift the Names of Charles Robinson, Esquire, and Sir Richard Sutton, Baronet, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

George Anson, Esquire, SnCharlton Leighton, Baronet, Lord Viscount M idle ton, John Morjhead, Esquire, Philip Rafideigh, Esquire, Sir Cecil Bifshopp, Baronet, John Calvert, Junior, Esquire, Sir Herbert Mackworth, Baronet, Thomas Berney Bramston, Esquire, John Wil-mot, TLfq\\\re, Ambrose Goddard, Esquire, Lucy Knightley Esquire, Richard Wilbraham Bootle, Esquire, Charles Robinson, Esquire, Sir Richard Sutton, Baronet.

THE House was moved. That the Order made upon Friday last, for Leave to bring in a Bid, pursuant to the Resolution which was then reported from the Committee who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to he revived or continued, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly';

Ordered, That so much of the said Order, as relates to amending the Act mentioned in the said Resolution, be discharged.

Expiring

Laws.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the several Gaols for the County of Gloucester, and City and County of the City of Gloucester, was presented to the House and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Debtors.

Sir Thomas Clavering presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing and improving certain Lands and Grounds within the Township of West Ilalton, in the Parish of Long P rest on, in the West Riding of the County of Yoi'k: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

West Hall* Inclosurr.

Mr, Parker of Devonshire reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Modbury, through the Town of Plympton, to the North End of Lincotla Lane, in the County of Devon, and of the several Gent lemen, Clergymen, Freeholders, and others, residing near the said Road, whose

Modbury through

Plymptoa

Rood.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of ^aes a,'f hereunto subsenbed, was referred; That Philip Yorke,.Etouire; and affo the Petition of the the Committee had examined, and found that the Stand-Right honourable Thomas Hyde commonly called Lord inS *rr(*eis the House, of the 25th of April 1774, Hyde, and William Evelyn, Esquire, Lieutenant General of His Majesty's Forces; and also the Petition of Matthew Wills, Richard Penhmtt, and William Rogers, Freemen of the Borough of Helifton, in the County of Cornwall, now taken into Consideration, were fwora by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Second Committee Chamber, appointed for Hearing the Trials of controverted Elections,

Supply.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways *nd Mean*.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

16

relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read: and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Joseph Bennickc being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and, have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted , but find that the Tolls are insufficieut effectually to carry the Purposes of the said Act into Execution: That the Money already borrowed, and which will be neeeflkry to be borrowed to complete the Repairs of the said Road, cannot be paid oft'unless the Term of the said Act, which is near expiring, be further continued. And h$ added. That it will be necessary to increase

the

1 %

> hG:,

Hoc

21 Geo. III.

i 2° Februarii.

20 i

the Tolls, and to make some further Amendments to the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Mod-bun/, through the Town of to the North

End of LincottaLane, in the County of Devon: And that Mr. Parker of Devonshire, Mr. Rolle, and Sir George Yonge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Frmonth Mr. Parker of Devonshire reported from the Com-^StratT* tnittee, to whom the Petition of Sir John St. Auhyn, Baronet, and the principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Stoke Damarel, in the County of Devon, and of the Town of Plymouth Dock, within the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Cory being examined, said. That Sir John St. An by n is seised in Fee of nearly the whole Town of Plymouth Dock.

Mr. Richard Jeffery being examined, said. That the said Parish, and the Town of Plymouth Dock, being become very populous, the Poor ^herein have greatly increased of late Years, and are become ex t ivmely hurthen-some to the Inhabitants — That it would be a great Advantage to them, and highly beneficial to the Poor, if a Place were to be provided for their Reception, Maintenance, and Employment, under proper Regulations, and with the requisite Powers for laying and collecting Rates for defraying the Expence thereof — That (he Buildings in the said Town, and its Environs, have lately increased very greatly in Number, and are likely to continue increasing.

Your Committee thenexamined Mr. William -

foil; who said, That the Streets', Lanes, and Passages in the said Town, are at present in a very incommodious, dangerous, and unwholesome State, and that it would be convenient and beneficial to the Inhabitants, t and to all Persons resorting to the said Town, if the Streets, Lanes, and Passages therein were properly paved, cleansed, regulated, and freed from Annoyances, Nnifances, and Obstructions; which cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better maintaining and regulating of the Poor within the Town of Plymouth Dock and Parish of Stoke Damarel, in the County of Devon and for paving and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and Railages, and removing and preventing Incroachments, Nuisanees, and Annoyances, within the said Town: And that Mr. Parker of Devonshire and Mr. Rolle do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Great A Bill for exchanging, dividing, allotting, and in Ringilcad doling the Lands and Grounds called Whole Year Inclosure. J Laticjs> HalfYear Inclosures, Open Field Lands, lirecks. Commons, and Wafl.es, in Great Ringstead, in the Coun-ty of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Coke of Norfolk, Sir Edward &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Weiton on A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from a ^Cirfen certain Gate on the Turnpike Road, at or near the 03 ' South End of the Town of IVe/lon on the Green, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road on Kidlingtdn Green, in the said County, was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Page, t JijpL. 38.

Sir William Dolben, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Curzon presented to the House, according to Chesterfield, Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of 03 " his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening the Road irotri " the Turnpike Road near the West End of the Town of

Chejlcyfield to Matlock Bridge ;and also the Road " leading out of the said Road, over Bridge, to

" Cross Green; and also the Road leading out of the " last mentioned Road to the Turnpike Road near " Rowejley Bridge, in the County of Derby:" And the fume was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hungerford presented to the House, according to Derby; Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering mid &c-, enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty- ^oad'' third Year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, lying in the Counties of Derby, and

Warwick ;and for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road branching from Part of the said Roads l/p-tween Meafham, in the said County of Derby and Burton

upon Trent, in the County of Stafforto the Turnpike

Road at or near The Bull's Head in Tivycross,

in the said County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second Time. ~

Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to whom Chicklade

the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Inclosure. Common Downs, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, of and within the Parish of Chicklade, in the -County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the' Standing, Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given1 their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of 28 Acres of Land, and 150 Sheep Leazes, who refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Owner of 20 Acres, and 50 Sheep Leazes, who could' not be met with; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consist of ^oo Acres, and 1,960 Sheep Leazes; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they Imdidirested him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once - read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon; were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Road.

Mr. Powys reported from the Committee, to whom Dunchurch, the Petition of several Tmftees appointed to put in &c. Execution several Acts of Parliament, made in the Twelfth, Sixteenth} and Thirty-third'Y'ears of the Reign of his-late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road or Highway from 'The Dun Cow, in the Town of Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick, to Hillmorton, and from thence to Saint James's End, in the Parish of Duston, in the County of Northampton, was referred; That the Committee had examined* and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 45th of April 1774, relative to ^Turnpike Bills,

-had been complied with; and that the Committee had

3 F examined

202 12° Febru 178 r.

examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the lloiiib; and lie read the Iteport in his Place: and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was rea l; and is as followeth; viz

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Arts were read: And,

Mr. Chri/opher Smyth informed yonr Committee, That a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Arts, which, with the 'l olls collected, have been applied towards the Repair of the faiil Roads, in which great Progress has been made; that the Sum of £.1,200, borrowed as aforesaid, now remains dne, and cannot be repaid, uor the said Roads kept, in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Arts be further continued, and some further Powers granted.

And the Witness added. That the said Roads might he more eftertually amended and kept in Repair, if the several Ppovisions necessary for that Purpose were consolidated and reduced into One Art; of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing the Road from The Dun Cow, in t he Town of Dunchurch, to the Town of Hilbnorton, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Saint James's End. in the Parish of in the County of

Northampton; and for repealing the several Laws now in Force relating to t he said Road: And that Mr. Powys and Mr. Knight Ley do prepare, and bring in, the faihe.

Petition A Petition of the Owners of Ships belonging to the

Smu*"ifn I>0lt Scarborough, in the County of York, residing £& inS on jj|)orej was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of an Art, made in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for more effortually preventing the pernicious Practice of Smuggling, and which subjects to Forfeiture the Ship or Vessel and Furniture bringing any Foreign Brandy, or other Foreign Spirituous Liquors, excepting only Two Gallons for the Use of each Seaman, then belonging to and on board such Ship or Vessel; and hating, that such Law, if not repealed, mull eventually be very injurious to many innocent Owners residing on Shore, and fending their Ships to trade to Holland, and other foreign Ports; And therefore praying the House to take the Pretnifes into Consideration, and to grant the Owners of Ships residing on Shore, such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Army; 1 A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for Mutiny the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Dtfertion. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Grampound A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Art, R-oad. made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Eallern End of the Borough of Grampound, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Saint Aufiell and Loftivithiel, and from thence to the Eall End of The Wefiern Lane, in the said

County, was read a Second Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Lemon, Mr. Eliot, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Warwick, Sir George Shuckburgh presented to the House, ac-

Sec.' cording to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Teem and Roads. 1 c)

Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of Mis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several " Roads therein mentioned, lying in the Counties of " Leicesterand Warwick, and in the County of the

" City of CoventryAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for extending the Provisions of Prize Goods. Three Arts, made in the Eighteenth, Nineteenth, and Twentieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Prizes taken from the States General of the United Provinces; for declaring what Goods shall be deemed Military or Ship Stores; for regulating the Sale of, and ascertaining the Duties upon, East India Goods condemned as Prize in the Port of London; and for permitting the Purchasers of Prize Goods condemned Abroad, to import such Goods into this Kingdom under the like Regulations and Advantages as are granted by Law to Captors themselves, was read the Third lime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for extending the Provisions of Three Arts, made in the Eighteenth, Nineteenth, and Twentieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Prizes taken from the States General of the United Provinces; for declaring what Goods shall be deemed Military'- or Ship Stores; for regulating the Sale of, and ascertaining the Duties upon, East India Goods condemned as Prize in the Port of London -, for permitting the Purchasers of Prize Goods condemned Abroad, to import such Goods into this Kingdom, under the like Regulations and Advantages as are granted by Law to Captors themselves; and for reducing the Duties on Foreign Prize Tobacco.

Ordered, That Mr. Orddo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading Boitow-from the Port of Borrowjlounness, by the West of the , Borough of Ltnlilhgoiv, and by the Towns of chen, Bathgate, and Whiteburn, and from thence Southward to the Confines of the County of Linlithgow, at or near HolUiou/eburn; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Cunyaghame, Mr. Scott, Sec.: And they are to nipet. this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Petition of John ASminiftraUod Touchet and John Irving, Agents for the British Sub- 0 jerts residing in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Bengal.

Oriffa, and their several Dependencies, whose Names are subscribed to the Petition thereinafter set forth, which was presented to the House upon the Hi Day of December last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Petition of Warren IIajlings, Esquire, Governor General, and of Philip Francis and Edward Wheler, Esquires, Counsel

lore for the Government of the Presidency Fort William in Bengal, which was presented to the House upon the ill Day of this Instant February, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might he again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the (kid Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, as they shall appear to then^ to the House.

Resolved, That the said Committee be aSelert Committee.

Resolved,

21 Geo. III. i2Q — 13 203

Refslved, That the Number of the said Committee be Fifteen.

Resolved, That the said Committee be chosen by way of Ballotting.

Ordered, That the Members of this House do, upon Wednesday next, at Three of the Clock, prepare Lifts, to be put into Glasses, of Fifteen Persons Names, to be the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Glasses be placed upon the Table: And the said Lifts, held up between the Finger and Thumb, be put into the Glasses, at the 'Fable, by the Members called over for that Purpose, according to the Counties and Places they serve for, as the said Counties and Places are entered in the Return Book.

Drlbome A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Com-Indofure. mons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Dillorriy otherwise DilhoniCy in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Lewisham, Mr. Elwesy &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself info a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Wiyi Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday *od Mcain. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Ten of the Clock. 1

Mart is, 130 Februarii;

Anno 2i* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

Pumbirton rip HE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration Efcfi»on. t^e Petition of the honourable George Keith El-

phinftonCy Captain in His Majesty's Navy; and also the i Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Dumbarton

thereunto subscribing; and also the Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Dumbarton^ thereunto subscrib- ing, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

\ The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker,

to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members, on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

: The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Nine Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents for the Petitioners, and the Agent for the Sitting Member, were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk

1 was directed by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the I Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

I The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box, which had been 1 before prepared, and put into Six Glasses; and were I then drawm by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read I by Mr. Speaker to the House.

[ VoL. 38.

And the Names of Torty-seven Members, then prefect, were drawn, w ho w'ere not objected to J

And the Name of Thujas Dundas, of Cast leva ryt J

Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Petition- J

ers, and his Name was set alitle.

And the Names of Two other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Thirteen other Members, then present, wiredrawn, and set aftde with the Names of those who were absent from the House;

Two, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age or upwards, which they had before verified on Oath; One, on Account of his being a Member again!! whose Return a Petition was depending; Nine, on Account of their then fervingon Select Committees; and One, on Account of his having voted at the said Election.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aftde, being complete;

The Agent for the Sitting'Member was called upon, by Mr. Speaker, to nominate One from among the Members then present, w hose Names had not been drawn, to be added to those chosen by Lot to serve on the said SeleA Committee.

Whereupon the said Agent informed the House, that the Sitting Member had instructed him not to nontinate any Member for that Purpose.

And thereupon the Name of Francis Eyrey Esquire, was drawn, and added to the Lift of the Forty-nine Names before drawn.

And one of the said Lifts was delivered by the Clerk to the Counsel for the Petitioners, and another to the Agent for the Sitting Member.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents for the Petitioners, and the Agent for the Sitting Member, withdrew.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee, to Falmouth, whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an A&, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Penryn, lleljloney and Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge, and Two hundred Feet to the West ward of the said River and Bridge, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; *and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; wrhich they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his"

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the BilK, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of Beverley Small Debts within the Town and Liberties of Beverley, Small Debts, in the County of York, and the several Parishes of the same Town, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Saviky Mr. Buncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, Dean&urn made in the Thirty-third Y'ear of the Reign of his late Bridjt Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the Roads from Deanhurn

" Bridge*

DftpzMby

e

£64

i 30 — 140 Februarii.

Dumbarton

Election.

Whitby

Harbour.

Kettering

R^ad.

Xi Bridge, through Greenlaw and Part of the Jedburgh " Hoad, by Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to Cornhill, "in the County of Durham, and for building a Bridge

over the Tweed near Coldstream," was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ZfagA Sir William Cunynghame, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber,

The Counsel and Agents for the Petitioners, and the Agent for the Sitting Member, before mentioned, being again returned to the Bar, the Clerkappointed to attend the said Select Committee, delivered in to the House one of the said Lifts which had been (truck by the said Counsel and Agent in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Fourteen Members then remaining unitruck.; to which last mentioned Lift; the Name of Thomas Dundas, of CaJllecary, Esquire; being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Thomas Stanley, Esquire, Hew Dairy mple, Esquire, the Earl of Surrey, Charles William Boughton Rouse, Esquire, Edward James, Eliot, Esquire, the honourable John Jefferies Pratt, John Henderson, Esquire, the honourable Thomas Pelham, the Earl of Courtozvn, John Strutt, Esquire, Sir William Lemon, Baronet, Henry Rojewar tie9 Esquire, Lord V ifeoun V Maitland, William Drake, Senior, Esquire, Thomas Dundas, of Cafilecary, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of the honourable6rVorg^iir<?f//i Elphinftone, Captain in His Majesty''s Navy; and also the Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Dumbarton, thereuntosubscribing; and also the Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Dumbarton, thereunto subscribing, now taken into Coo-sideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents for the Petitioners, and the Agent for the Sitting Member, withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Third Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 14° d Februarii;

Anno 210 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1781,

Prayers.

MR. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Duty of One Farthing per Chalder on Coals, granted by an Act of the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for the more oft eft ual repairing and maintaining the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had dirfefted him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Tables Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

t 1

Mr. Powys reported from the Committee, to whom *9

the Petition of the Trustees for executing Two several Acts of Parliament, made, one in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Road leading from the Toll Gate in the Parish of " Kettering, through the Town of Wellingborough, in tile " County of Northuyiplm, and through Gluey, over " Sherrington Bridge, to Nczcport Pagnell, in the County " of Bucks, and for repairing and widening, or re-bniiding the said Sherrington Bridge and the other in t!)e Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His- present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging f-heT^rm and Powers <c of An Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of thje " Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the ReajI " from the Toll Gate in the Parish of Kettering, in the " County of Northampton, to Newport Pdgnct(, Ucf the " County of Bucks," and of the Mortgagees of the -> Tolls arising by virtue of the said Acts, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf o£th.emfdkes and the -other Trustees and Mortgagees, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in fit the Clerk's Table: Wh^rc the same was read; and Is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts, and a|fo an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the High Road from a Place called Saint Lloyd's, in the Town of Bedford, through the Parishes of Brushham, Stqg'idon, Ajlwood, Hardmead, and Chichley, to " the Way Poll ip Sherrington Field, where the said " Road joins the High Road from the Town of Olney " to the Town of Newport Pagin tf, and also the*High " Road from Bromham aforesaid, through the Pari (lies " of Turvey and Colcbrayfield, to the Town of La unden, c* otherwise Lavender, in the Counties of Bedford and " Buckingham, and for applying Part of the Money " arising the reby, towards repairing, rebuilding, or " widening Sherrington Bridge, in the Road from the " said Way Poll to the Town of Newport Pagnell," were read: And,

Mr. John Hodjbn being examined, said, That by the last mentioned Act, the Trustees for executing the same were ordered to erect a Toll Gate across the Road by the said Act to be repaired, on the East Side of the said Way Pod in Sherrington Field nforefiiid, within One Furlong of the said Way Pott — That by the said first-mentioned Act, the Trustees therein named were empowered to erect Fences from the said Turnpike to be ereeded by virtue of the said Act in Sherrington Field to the said Way Poll in Sherrington Field, to prevent the Evafton of Toll at the said Turnpike to be erected, by virtue of the said first-mentioned Act, in Sherrington Field — That the said Fences connect with, and adjoin to, the Turnpike ordered to be erected by the said last mentioned Act, in Sherrington Field, and are the only Means of preventing such Evafton of Tolls at the said Turnpike, ordered to be erected by the said first-mentioned ACT

That the Trustees under the said first-mentioned A ft have borrowed £. 4,000 on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, for which they pay Interest at the Rate ofyf. 4. 10s.per Centum per Annum — That there are Four Turnpike Gates upon the said Road; and that the Tolls collected thereat have, on an Average of the lait Seven Years, amounted to Four hundred and Thirty-one Pounds and Nine Pence Three Farthings per Annum — That the Tolls taken at the Sherrington Gate only, lvavey on the like Average, amounted to £. 161. 3s. 11 \d.per Annum — That the DUburfements on account of the

Roads

2i Geo. III. 14® Februarit. 205

Roads have, on the like Average, amounted to £.417. 14.?. % \d.leaving a Balance of only £.13. to be applied in paying off the said Debt — That if the Tolls taken at the said Sherrington Gate should be loft, the Trustees will not be able to keep the Roads under their Management in proper Repair, and pay the lute-rest of their present D»bt.

That by the said Acts, the said Bridge called Sherrington Bridge was ordered to be repaired by the respective Trustees jointly; that of course, as the said last-fnentioned Act will expire at the End of this Session of Parliament, the whole Expence of maintaining the said Bridge will fall on the Trustees under the first-mentioned Acts — That it was formerly only a Ilorfe Bridge; was made a Carriage Bridge by the said Acts; is now in a decaying State, and wants immediate and considerable Repairs.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the

Table.

Ordered, That in Consideration of the particular Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices may be given at the enfuingjEo/?<?r Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be held for the Counties of Northampton and , and by Advertisements in the public News-Papers published within the same Counties, in the Month of March next, of the Application to Parliament for removing the Turnpike called The Sherrington Gate, in the County of Bucks, in such and the like Manner as are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 17 74,. of Applications intended to be made relative to Turnpike Bills.

Kent Street A Bill for the more effectually repairing the several Roads leading from The Stone's End in Kent Street, in &c' the Parish of Saint George, Southwark, to and from The Stone's End in Street, to the Turn-

pike near Saint Thomas a Waterings, in the said Parish of Saint George; and from the Turnpike Road near Deptford Bridge to The Stone's End in London Street, in the Parish of EajtGrecnirich;and from The Six Mile Stone on Blackheath, near the West End of Greenwich Park Wall, to Woolwich Warrenand from The Lime Kilns in East Greenwich, to join the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Lewisham-, and from New in the Parish of

Deptford, to Farnborough Well-, and from the First Mill Pond at South End, in the said Parish of Lewisham to the Welt End of Stroud Green, in the Parish of Croydon-, and from the Turnpike Road near Lewisham Bridge, to the North End of Burnt A^fh Iwme, in the Parish of Lee, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, and for repealing so much of several Acts of Parliament, now in Force, as relates to the said Roads, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hollywood, Sir Joseph Mawbey, &e.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

WHlwood

Gate

Road.

Mr. Frederick Montagu presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from Gate,

in the Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, through the Towns of Rujhdon and Ferrers, and

over Artleborough Bridge, to the Turnpike Road in Barton Seagrave Lane, in the Parish of Barton Seagrave, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, of and within the Parish of Chicklade, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Yol. 38.

Fields, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, of and within the Parish of Chicklade, in the County of Wills.

Ordered, That Mr. Elwes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. ILungerford presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, as well within the Parish and Township of Rolhley, as within the Extra-parochial Liberty of Rothley Temple, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received $ and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road lead* ing from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Corn-toall, through the Towns of Penryn, Hel/lone, an&Mara-zion, and frdm thence to and over River and

Bridge, and Two hundred Feet to the Westward of the said River and Bridge, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Penryn, Heljtone, and Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge, and Two hundred Feet to the Westward of the said River and Bridge.

Ordered, That Sir William Lemon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, as it flood on the 31st Day of December 1780.

The Earl of Surrey, from the Select Committee who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of the honourable George Keith , Cap-

tain in His Majesty's Navy; and also the Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Dumbarton, thereunto subscribing; and also the Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Dumbarton, thereunto subscribing, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Right honourable Frederick Campbell, commonly called Lord Frederick Campbell, is not duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Dumbarton.

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the honourable George Keith Elphinstone ought to have been returned a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the said Shire of Dumbarton.

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the said honourable George Keith Elphinstone is duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the said Shire of Dumbarton.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the last Return for the County of Dumbarton, and amend the fame, by rafing out the Name of the Right honourable rickCampbell, commonly oalled Lord Frederick Campbell, and ioferting the Name of the honourable George Keith Elphinstone instead thereof.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable all Persons, named in any Commission of the Peace, to act as Justices

3G of

X

Rothley

Inclosuie.

Falmouth, &c. Roa4,

Estimate

of

Navy Debt.

Dumbarton

Election.

Justices of Peace to a St in suppressing . Riots.

Militia Eft t mate.

Abingdon

Election.

2q6 ,14* Februarii^..1781.

of the Peace in the Suppr^ffion of Riots and Tumults, . appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of ‘ notwithRading the y have not 'taken out their Dedimus the Pay and Clothing of the Militia,* for she ^Year Pdtejlafem; and for enabling such Justices of the Peace x 781; That the Committee had prepared an Estimate to take the Oath of Qualification in the IVIanqer therein accordingly 5 which they had directed him to report to directed, was committed, be taken into, further Con- the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and sideration upon Monday Morning next. afterwards delivered it.i.n at the Clerk's Table; /Where the same was read, and is as fojloweth; viz.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, who were

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 1781.

Pay to 30,840 Private Men, at 1 s. each, 28 Days ——

D° to 70 Adjutants, at 6$. a Day each.....- -

Da to 1,542 Serjeants, at ij. a Day each - -

to 1,200 Drummers, at 6 d a Day each -

For additional Pay to 30,840 Private Men, for going to the Place of Exercise, and returning, calculated upon an Average of Four Days Pay each Man ——

Additional Pay to 70 Serjeant Majors, at 2 s. 6d, a Week each -IP - - - - to 70 Drum Majors, at 6d. a Dayeach -

D° - - - - to 1,542 Corporals, at 6 a Day each, 28 Days - -

Salaries for 70 Battalion Clerks, at £.50 a Year each -

Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings, computed at -Da - - - to each Regiment, Battalion, and Independent Company, for contingent Expences, at the Rate of per Month, for each Private Man and Drummer -

Clothing for 30,840 Private Men, at £. 1. iox. each....

P* - - for 1542 Serjeants, at £. 3. 1 or. each - - - -....

Da - - for 1,200 Drummers, at £. 2 each ——

For additional Pay for Clothing 54 Serjeant Majors, and 54 Drum Majors, at £. 1 each -Subsistence to 498 Captains, at ys.6d. each per Day for 28 Days -

P° - - - to'561 Lieutenants, including 2 Lieutenants to Grenadier Companies, at 3 s. 6d.

each, for 28 Days -

D° - - - to 435 Ensigns, at 3$. each, for 28 Days -

43,i76 ——

7,665 ——

28,141 10 — 10,950 ----1

6,168 — —

455 ----- 1

638 15 —

1,079 8 —

3,500 ——

4,000 ——

10,02 3 ----- "

46,260 ——

5'39 7 — —

2,400 ——

108 — — 5,229 ——

2,748 18 — 1,827 ——

179,766 11 —

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report which, upon the 6th Pay of this Instant February, was made from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Thomas Wooldridge, Esquire; and also the Petition of William Prentice, Richard Blake, John Lewis, William Couling. and John Harper, Electors of the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Bcrlis, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough.

And the Resolution of the said Select Committee being read a Second Time;

And the Question being proposed, That the House do agrt*e with the Committee in the said Resolution;

The I;Ioufe was moved. That an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted cs Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," might be read.

' And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Resolution of this House, of the 6th Day of November last, M That u where this House shall judge any Petition touching " Elections, to be frivolous and vexatious, the House

will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against," might be read.

,20

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Com-ujittee in the said Resolution, " That the Allegations " contained iu th,e Petition of Thomas Wooldridge,' " Esquire, being totally unsupported by any Evidence, the said Petition is vexatious, frivolous, and u groundless."

Ordered, That Thomas Wooldridge, Esquire, having preferred to this House a groundless, frivolous, and vexatious Petition, complaining of the Elect ion and Return of John Mayor, Esquire, to serve in this present Parliament, as a Burgess for the Borough of Abingdon, do make Satisfaction to the said John Mayor, Esquire, for the Cost and Expences he has been put unto by the said Petition.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of ail Copper exported from the Port of London since the Act which passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to impotver His Ma-c< jesty to prohibit the Exportation, and to restrain the " carrying Coastwise, of Copper in Bars, oy Copper in " Sheets, for a limited Timedistinguishing the Quantities exported in Bars and in Sheets, and the Names of the Persons by whom the respective Entries were made, and for what Places.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Copper exported from the other Ports of.

England,

Account of Copper export'

Ditto.

2<1 -Geo. III.

J England, exclusive 6f the4 'Pbrt of firifed the Act

twhitfh piifled in the Hft Session 6f Phrlia'mbnt; ihtitpled,

" An Act to impower His Majesty to prohibit' the'Exportation, and to Tdtrain the cartyifig Coastwise, of " Copper in Bars or Copper in 'Sheets, for a limited " Timedistinguishing the Quantities exported in Bars "and in Sheets, and the Names of the Periods by whom ‘ the respective Entries w ere made, arid'forWhat Places.

/jministration Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the'Mem--hers to prepareLifts to be put into1 Glasses, 6^ Fifteen Persons Names to be the Committee, to whom it is referred to examine the Matters of the Petition of Jo fin Touche t-and John Irving, Agents for the Brit ifi Subjects refid ing in the Provinces of Bengal, and Or fa, and

theirfeveral Dependencies, whole Names are subscribed to the Petition thereinafter set forth; and also the Petition of Warren Hastings}VA'c\i\\re, Governor General, and of Philip Francis, and Esquires, Coiin- '

fellors for the Government of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, be notv read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go with the Mace into the Speaker's Chambers, the Court of Requells, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The Order made upon Monday lad, directing the Method of putting the said Lilts into Glades, was read.

Then the Names of the Members being called over, according to that Order, those who then appeared severally put the Lilts by them prepared into the Glades at the Table.

And the Names of Inch Members as did not then J appear, were taken down.

And their Names being again called over, several of those Members appeared, and in like Manner put the Lifts by them prepared into the said Glasses.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to examine the said Lilts, and to report to the House, upon which Fifteen Persons the Majority falls.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Richard Smith, Mr. PuUeney, Mr. Byng, Mr. Hartley, Mr. Ord, Mr*. Robert Smith, Mr. Martin, Mr. Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Orde, Sir William Mr. Mr.

Beck ford, Mr -Eyre, Mr. Mr. Whitmore, Mr.

Perceval, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Darker, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Lascelles, or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw' immediately into the Speaker's Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Coventry Ordered, That the further Attendance of Mr.

Election. Noxonand Mr. Thomas Butler, late Sheriffs of the City

of Coventry, and the further Condderation of the several Petitions relating to the Return made by them for the said City at the last General Election, be adjourned till Monday Sevennight, the 26th Day of this Inllant February.

I #

Supply. Resolved, That this I loufe will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn->m Means. next} re(blve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to cotifider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To-i I Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. j8.

____ .

1 Februarii. 207

Jttoisf t^die TtbrU;

Aritio i 1 ' Georgii IP11' Regis, 1781.

'Prayers.

THE Hour appointed Toe faking into-Confide- Coventry ration the Petition of Edward Roe Yeo, Ef- Election. quire, and John Lord' Sheffield of the Kingdom of Ireland i and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names arethereuntofubferibed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Freemen of the City of Coventry, aild,

Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the said.

City; and also the Petition of the several Persons whose . Namesare thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being entitled to the Freedom, of the City of Coventry, and to vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parfiameot'for the said City, complaining of an undue Election. and Return for the said City, being come; 1 . *

The'House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee'to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Buliuefs of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

And a Member present having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration., and delivered in an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Thirty-four Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House jjcing locked, the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Five Members then present were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of John Stephcnfon, Esquire, being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age or upwards; and having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, he wasexcufed accordingly.

And the Names of Twenty-eight other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of William Adam, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioners, and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Eleven other Members, then present, were drawa, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir Harbord Harbord, Baronet being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Sitting Members; and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Five other Members then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Twenty-eight other Members then present, were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who were absent

from

2o8 Februariu 1781.

from the house; Three on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; Eleven, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; Twelve on Account of their then serving on Select Committees; and Two. on Account of their having already in this Session of Parliament served on Select Committees. *

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete, Lists of the said Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew,

Worcrihr Sir Harbord Harbord, from the Select Committee

Election, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of the Right honourable Sir Watkin Lezvcs, Knight, Lord Mayor of the City of London; and also the Petition of the Freemen of the City of Worcester, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City of Worcester, informed the House, 7hat the fold Select Cojnipittee have determined.

That the honourable William Ward is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Worcester.

And the said Determination was ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

The Earl of Lijburne, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, as Estimate of it flood on the 3 ift December 1780: And also, Nav7 Dfbr*

An Account of the Sums of Money laid out on the Account of Head of Extra of the Navy, between the 3 ill December Navy Extras. 1779 and the 31st December 1780; dillinguishing the several Ships and Services on which the same have been expended.

And the Titles of the said Estimate and Account were read.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session 5 and the said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Navy

2 x Geo. III.

150 Februarit.

209

Navy Office, 7 Am ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, On the Ileads hereafter gth February 1781. J mentioned, as it flood on the 31st December 1780.

HEADS of the Naval Estimates.

Particulars.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, Extra Repairs, and Transports. Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, Sc. supplied for the Service thereof -For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty's several Yards, Sc. for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 17S0, as also to several Bills of Exchange To His Majesty's several Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary -For HalfPay toSea Officers.according toanEstablishment made by his late Majesty in Council, on that Behalf-

Seamen's Wages.

Due to pay the Men unpaid on Books of Ships paid off -

To Ships in Sea Pay on the aforesaid 31st December 1780 Todischarge and pay oft'all the Bills entered in Course, for Slop Cloaths, Bedding for Seamen, Surgeon's Necessarits, Free Gifts, SCc. ——

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commi(honors; viz'.

Due for Short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty's Ships in Pay, and which have been paid oftf For paying off all Bills entered on their Course ForProvisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1780 ——

For Necessary Money, Extra D"Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies ——

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports ——

I 1.1 j

Sick and Hurt, the Debt of that OfTice, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; yiz*

Due to the Quarters and Cure of Sick and Hurt Seamen, set on Shore from His Majesty's Ships at the several Ports, and for Prifotiers of War, and for Contingencies relating to the said Office ——

TheT6tal amounts to the Sum of Eleven Millions Seven , hundred Twenty-three thousand One hundred Thirty-one Pounds and Two Pence Halfpenny - - - t

From whence deducing the Money C

in the Treasurer's Hands - - ' as on the other

And also the Money that remained,) Side.

to come in of the Supplies - (_

The Debt will then be Ten Millions Three hundred Seventy-two thousand Six hundred Twenty-eight Pounds Five Shillings and Four Pence Halfpenny -

A7. B. In this Debt is included for Charge of Transports and Army Victuallers between id January 1780 and 31st December following.....-

And it appears, by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers and Prisoners of War, between ill January and 31st December 1780, amounts to -

For which Sum of Sc)8,ag7. 13. 7* no Provision has been made by Parliament; but if thought fit to be granted, as the like Service was provided for in former Years,

The Nett Debt of the Navy will then be Nine Millions Four hundred Seventy-four thousand Three hundred and Thirty Pounds Eleven Shillings and Nine Ponce Farthing -

£ s. d.

4 >499*95611 2

00 0 to 0 0 8 7 >

176,772 — —

77*3°9 6 8_>

459,468 16 8*

,084,245 1 9 >

24!*705 5 7-

18,287 3 — *

3»°45»543 !5 11

75>483 22)

53*633 — 6

20,347 8 4

309,389 11 nfj 1,041,113 2 io£'

805,978 4 11 '

92,319 8 8L

TOTAL-

5,561,238 6 5

2,785,419 4 —

3,213,294 9 11

163,178 19 10

1 i>723»I3I — 2

i»350*502 T4 i°

10,372,628 5 4

898,297 13 71

9*474>33o 11 y£

Cha'Middleton.J. Williams. Edufi Hunt. Geo. Marsh. T. Brett.

Vol. 33. 3 H Ment*

Mem: THERE was remaining in the glands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31st December 1780, in Money as under-mentioned, and maybe t reckoned towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

In what TREASURER'S Hands. In tyONE Y. On the HE ADS of T O T A L.

r Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports. Seamen's Wages. Victuals.

Right honourable George Grenville ' - - - - Right honourable Wm Lord Viscount Batringtoti - Right honourable R* Lord Viscount Howe - - - - Right honourable Sir Gilbert El-liot3 Baronet - - - Right honourable tVelbore Ellis - ( In Money ----- --- X D° towards the Debt for Side and Hurt Seamen f In Money ----- --- D* towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen I In Money - X D* towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen J In Money - - -\ D* towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen ( In Money - -l D* towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen £ * d-5,6x9 14 6,179 11 7»867 — 4i 7,46a — -5 5i 102,806 10 74 £ * d. 'AT2- 17 7l i°7 9 71 3.®5° 5 " 35 10 10* 5,067 7 Ig 12 64 6,612 3 4I 81 11 4^ 91,944 ii 6 31,462 5 4 £. s. d. 2.379 16 5 1.640 7 7iJ 2,071 3 3t| 6,729 7 6*J 26,770 — 7| - I — ' r. s. d. C s 0 9.579 i7 "4 w 10,905 14. 10 25,°25 3 4j 20,895 7 9 252,983 8 — f

I29>935 2 *f 139,863 14 39,59° - 309,389 II Ilf

There remained, on the 31st December J78o> to come from the Exchequer, of the Supplies of the Year 1780

00

£ s. d. 1,041,113. 2. io|

210 150 Februarii.

a i Geo. III.

150 Februarii.

211

Dumbarton

Election.

A<hnimftrat?fcn ot Justice in Bengal.

Drnttgh

Road.

Kent Street to Dartford, kc. Roads.

Ordered, That the fakl Estimateand Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by tile Members of the House.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the Return for the County of Dumbarton.

Mr. Richard Smith reported from the Committee, who were appointed to examine the Lists of Fifteen Persons Names, to be the Committee, to whom it is referred to examine the Matters of the Petition of John Touchet and John Irving, Agents for tive British Subjects residing in the Provinces of Bengal, Ba/iar, and Oriffa, and their several Dependencies, whose Names are subscribed to the Petition thereinafter set forth; and also the Petition of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, Governor General, and of Philip Francis and Edward Esquires. Counsellors for the Government of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, and to report to the

House upon which Fifteen Persons the Majority fell; Ti. at t h e Comm i ttee had examin ed the Lifts acco rdi ugly; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; anti afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee find, that the Majority hath fallen upon the following Persons; viz.

Richard Smith, Esquire - - 92

Charles William Bcaghton Roti/e, Esquire, - - 89

Robert Gregory, Esquire, - - 89

Thomas Farrer, Esquire, - - - - 78

Edmund Burke, Esquire, - - - "77

Dudley Long, Esquire, - - - - 55

The honourable. John Townsend - - 54

John Elwes, Esquire, - - - 52

George Dempster, Esquire, - - 49

The Right honourable the Lord Lewifham, - 48 William Graves, Esquire, - - 48

Frederick Montagu, Esquire, - - - - 46

William PiiUeney, Esquire, - - - *44

Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, - - - - 43

Sir William James, Baronet, - - - - 43

Ordered, That the said Committee, or any Five of them, do meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to lit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee lave Power to adjourn from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, as they shall think fit; and to report their Proceedings from Time to Time to the House.

Ordered, That the several Papers which were presented to the House, upon the 8th Day of this Instant February, by Mr. Michell, from the Directors of the East Indip Company, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Parry presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more elTeftpally repairing the Road leading from the Town of Denbigh to the Town of Saint Asaph, and from thence to the Town and Port of Ruthland, in the Comities of Denbigh and Flint; and for repealing an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far sis the same relates to the said Road: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Trustees appointed in and by virtue of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Ma-King George the Fifft, intituled, "An Act for

" enlarging the Term granted by an Act in the Fourth <c Year of his said Majesty's-Reign, intituled," An Act for repairing the Highways leading from The Stone's "End in Kent Street to The Lime Kilns in East " wich, near Blackhealh, and to LewifhamChurch, being

" the Tunbridge Road, in the County of Kent; and for " repairing and amending the Highways and Roads " leading from Westminster Ferry, in the Parish of " Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, to Croft, in the Parish of Deptford, in the County of Kent " arid " for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, pa (fed in the Fourth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, i 11tituled, " An Act for amending the Roads from the " City of London to the Town of East Grinstead, in the " County of Saffix, and to Sutton and in the County of Surrey, and for explaining and amending " the same Act," for the Care of the Road from minster Ferry to NewCrofs aforesaid, was referred; That

the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act, and also several Acts passed in the Tenth, Eleventh, and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, relating to the said. Roads, were read; whereby it appeared, that the Sum of One hundred and Fifty Pounds a Year wa* directed to be paid ojit of the Tolls collected upon the Roads from London to East Grinjleadin Suffer, and to Sutton and Kingston in Surrey.', and the like Sum of One hundred and Fifty Pounds a Year out of the Tolls collected upon the Road leading from The Stone's End in Kent Street to The Lime Kilns in Eafi Greenwich, near Black-heath, and to Lewifham Church, in the County of Kent: WhichTwo Sumsweredirected tobe applied in repairing the Roads leading from Westminster Ferry, in the Parish of Lambeth, to New Crops, in the Parish of ia

the County of Kent, under the Care of a separate Set of Trustees, named in and by virtue of the said Act of the Sixth Year of his late Majesty — That the said respective Sums were afterwards reduced to the Sums of One hundred Pounds a Year each; and that by the Act of the Twenty-fifth of his late Majesty, an additional Allowance of Sixty Pounds a Year was directed to be paid out of the Tolls collected upon the Road from London to East Grinstead, and to Sutton and Kingston, to the said separate Trustees, to be by them applied in amend ing and repai ring the Road frowCambenvellGreen, through Camberwell, to The Fox under the Hill, in the

Road leading to Dulwich and Croydon.

Mr. John Browning, Clerk to the said separate Trust, being examined, said. That the Suttt of £. 2000, borrowed on the Credit of the said Annual Payments, hath been expended in amending the said Roads from Wefi-mhyler Ferry to New Cross, and from Camberwell Green to The Fox under the Hill; and that the Money remaining of the said respective Allowances, after Payment of Interest of the Debt, hath been regularly applied in repairing the said last mentioned Roads, notwithstanding which, the same are become very ruinous and bad, owing to the lnsufficienqy of the Funds for their Ame.udr-mertt, and the excessive Weights carried on the said Roads, particularly of Hops brought to the London Markets, from the Counties of Kent add Surrey, and the great additional Wear, occasioned by the Ijieceafe of Buildings in the Places to which the Roads lead* Your Committee then examined;

Claude Champion Crefpiguy, Esquire, Treasurer to the said Trust, who said. That the said respective Payments have been applied to the Purposes for which they were granted, with the greatest Cate and Economy; notwithstanding which, they have proved so inadequate to the necessary Expenses of keeping the Roads in tolerable

Repair

Coventry

Election.

212

15° Februarit. A. 1781.

Repair, that the Trustees have not been able to make a larger Allowance to their Clerk, than Two Guineas a Year, a Salary by no Means equal to the Trouble he hath lately had; and have found themselves unable to pay a regular Surveyor to superintend the Repairs of the Roads under their Care.

That the said Roads are much used, the Neighbourhood thereof being very populous.

That they form Communications with other great Turnpikes, and that unless some further and better Provision be made for their Amendment and Repair, they must soon go to Decay, to the great Detriment and Inconvenience of all Persons residing near them, and to the Public in general.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectually repairing the several Roads leading from The i n Kent Street,

in the Parish of Saint George, Southwark, to;

and from The Stone's End in Street to the

Turnpike near Saint Thomas a Waterings, in the said Pari (h of Saint George-, and from the Turnpike Road near Deptford Bridge to The Slojie's End in London Street, in the Parish of Eafi Greenwich; and from The Mile Slone on Blackheath, near the West End of JPark Wall, to Woolwich Waand from The Lime

Kilns in East Greenwich, to join the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Lewi/ham-, and from New Cross, in the

Parish of Deptford, to FarnborouWell-, and from the first Mill Pond at South End, in the said Parish of sham, to the West End of Stroud Green, in the Parish of Croydon-, and from the Turnpike Road near Bridge, to the North End of Burnt Ash Lane, in the Parish of Lee, in the Counties of and Surrey; and for repealing so much of several Acts of Parliament, now in Force, as relates to the said Roads, is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for making a further Annual Allowance to the Trustees for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads from Westminster Ferry, in the Parish of Lambeth, in the County of Surry, to Nezo Cross, in the Parish of Deptford, in the County of Kent, and from Camberwell Green to The Fox under the Hill, in the Parish of Camberwell, in the said County of Surrey.

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned, being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, delivered in to ihe House one of the said Lifts wh'ch had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a neiv Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unfttfuckj-to which last-mentioneld Lift, the Names of William Adam, Esquire, and Sir hard bord. Baronet, being added, the same was called over, and is as follows:

Thomas Orde, Esquire, Robert Palk, Esquire, the honourable Ardl/ttrntW Curzon, Francis Baffctt, Esquire, the honourable Frederick RGlynn Wynn, Esquire, George Phclips, Esquire, John Elioes, Esquire, Humphry Sibthorp, Esquire, William Esquire,

'Swjohn Rous, Baronet, Hugh Owen, of Ef-

quire, Robert Smith, Esquire, William Adam, Esquire, Sir llarbord Harbord, Baronet.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Ed<-:card Roe Yeo, Esquire, and John Lord Sheffield of the -Kingdom of Ireland-, and also the Petition of the several -Persons whose Names arethreuntosubscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Freemen oflhe City of Coventry, and Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City; and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being entitled to the Freedom of the City of Coventry/, and to vote at the F.lection of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.*

«. 19

A nd thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the FirltCcmmittee Chamber appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

The other Order of the Day being r^ad;

The Names of such Members as, upon the 31st Day of January last, made Default to appear, were called over, and several of them appeared; and the Names of such Members as now made Default to appear were taken down.

And the Names of such Defaulters being again called over, several of them appeared, and the rest of them (except John Roberts, Esquire, and the Lord ere

excused, either on account of their own Illuei's, or the Iiiness or Death of their near Relations, or as being in Town, or as being Abroad on the Public Service, or on their own private Affairs, or as being detained in the Country on extraordinary Avocations.

And the Name of John Roberts, Esquire, being called over; and no Excuse being offered for him;

A Motion was made, and the Quciiion being proposed, That John Roberts, Esquire, be lent for in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 20th Day of February 1738, of the Proceedings in relation to the Call of the House might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That John Roberts, Esquire, be font for in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

T filers for the Yeas, J Mascbeyt ] 140.

(Mr. Z*3

rp ii r /L xt S "The Karl of Lifburnc, lellersfor theNoes,; J,

Sir 11/ i/J t/rm f-»/ir*/r/iw

114.

'{.Sir William, Gordon:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the- Name of the Lord Kensington being called over; and no Excuse being then offered for him;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Lord Kensington be lent {'or in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

An Excuse >vas then offered to be made for him, that a Letter had been received from him, dating, that he intended soon to let out for Town.

Then an Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " lent for in the " Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this " House," and inl'erting the Word " excused," ir.ftcad thereof. *

And the House being informed that the said Ix>rd Kensington had lately been in an ill State of Health;

'The said original Motion, and proposed Amendment were, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

And the said Lord Kensington was then excused.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That this House be called over upon this Day Four Weeks, the Fifteenth Day of March next;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Burke have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Seven of the Clock. '

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

The Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 6th Day of April, 1780, of the Resolutions, " That it " is necessary to declare, that the Influence of the u Crown has increased, is increasing, and ought to be " diminishedand also, " That it is competent to " this House, to examine into, and to correct Abuses " in the Expenditure of the Civil List Revenues, as " well as in every other Branch of the Public Revenue " whenever it shall appear expedient to the Wisdom

" of

Call of the House.

DittoJ

Regulating His Majesty*!

Civil

EfUblifkmenU

21 Geo. III. is* — i6*

" of this House so to do;'* and also, " That it is the u Duty of this House, to provide; as far as may be; ic an immediate and effectual Redress of the Abuse4 " complained of in the Petitions presented to this " House from the different Counties, Cities, and " Towns of this Kingdom/' were read:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Regulation of His Majesty's Civil Establish-hierits, and of certain Public Offices; for the Limitation of Pensions, and the suppression offiindry useless, expensive; and inconvenient Places; and for applying the Monies saved thereby, to the Public Service: And that Mr. Burke, Mr. DuhCombe; Sir George Savile, Mr.

Far, Admiral Keppel, Mr. Hartley, Sir Jojhph Mawbexj;

Mr. Elwes, Sir William Gnij'e, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Air.

Pouys, Sir Edward Ajlley. Lord John Cavendish, Mr.

Frederick Montagu, the Lord AIthorpe, General Burgoyne, bnd Mr. Byngy do prepare, and bring in; the lame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning; Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 16* die Februarii}

Anno 2i° Georgii 3UI Regis, 1781. Prayers.

Oriciify ^HE Hour appointed for taking into Confide-1-Z«ltnd ration the Petition of Charles Dandas; and also

Efefthjn. tl-e Petition of Patrick Gratmc of Grameshall, Tho* mas Dundas of Fingafk, George Haldane of GI ineagles, Robert Lding, James Riddoch, Captain John Truth, and Thomas Traill, Barons and Freeholders of the County and Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County and Stewartry, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a S eieft Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjearit at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and One hundred and Fourteen Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk

j was directed by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

i And the same being read accordingly;

| The Names of all the Members of the House were; by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner; and read by 1 Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Forty-three Members, then: present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

I And the Natrie of George Dempster, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioners, and his 1 Name was set aside.

j And the Names of Six other Members, then present;

were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said j Names, the Names of Seventeen other Members,

j then present, were drawn, and set aside with the

Names of those who were absent from the House;

\ Vol, 38,

Februarii. £13 j

Two, on account of their bein£ Sixty Years of j Age or upwards, which they had before verified 1

bponOath; Seven, dii account of their being j

Members against whoseReturns Petitions were depending; Seven; on account of their fheU I

serving on Select Committees; and One, bn account of his having already hi this Session.of j

Parliament, served on a Select Committee. I

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Meinbfers, so j

drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or.set aside, being r

complete, the Counsel for the Sitting Member named Archibald Macdonald, Esquire, to serve on the said Select Committee. 3

And Lilts of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered;

by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened; , j

The Counsel arid Agents on both Sides withdrew. \

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, ChefcrfieldJ made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late ^0^ j

Majesty King George the Second, intituled, t % An Act for j

" repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike j

€* Road near the West End of the Town of Chesterfield to j

" Matlock Bridge, and also the Road leading out of 1

tc the said Road, over Dariey Bridge, to CroJ$G?'ee?r, arid i

‘c also the Road leading out of the last mentioned Road j

u to the Turnpike Road near Rozvejley Bridge, in the j

" County of Derby/9 was read a Second Time. 1

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hard-fort, Mr. Curzon, &c. Aqd they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock; in the Speaker

Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of art Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His aJ,c *

present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, Roadi.

" widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads " therein mentioned, lying in the Counties of Leiccfer " and Warwick, and in the County of the City of Covdntryf was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robed Laic ley; Sir George Shuckbiirgh, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Parker, of Devonshire, presented to the House; Modbn'ry according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, through and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his 0 late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Modbury, through the Town of Ply mp toil, to the North End of Lincotta Lane, in the County of Devon: And the same was received; and read the First Time. , N Resolved; That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. IIlinger ford presented to the House; according Tamworth tb Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Roads, rih Act, priffed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second* for amending, widening,* and keeping in Repair, the High Roads from the Borough of Tamworth to Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and from Sawley Ferry hi the said County, to a Turnpike Gate at or near the End of Swarcliff Lane; leading to, and in the Parish of; Ashby-de-la-Zouch aforesaid .* And the same was received; and read the First Time:

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Shuckburgh reported from the Committee, jimingtod to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open lmdolmc, and Common Fields; and other Commonable Land, within the Parish of liming ton, in the County of Warwick; was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House; of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of 3 I Jtedofure,

Culham Bridge lo Fytield Roads.

Kater's

Nat.

Ziegenbdn'!

&c.

Nat.

Augmenting ihe Militia.

Highclere,

&c.

Iaclosure.

Cliafleaud's

Nat.

Sierdet's,

Sec-

Nat.

Derby,

&c.

Roads.

214 16° \ Februdrii.A. 1781.

Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Land* to the Amount of Two Yard Lands and a Quarter, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed confiit of Fifty-two Yard Lands; and that no Person appeared 'before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And Notice being taken, that the Name of one of the Commissioners, originally named in the Bill, had been left out, and the Name of another inserted by the Committee; and that no Notice was taken in the said Report, that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to such Alteration;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed, for the Purpose of receiving such Consent.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Halford and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Pow ers, of Two Acts, of the Ninth and Twenty-eighth Years of his. late Majesty King George the Second, for amending and keeping in Repair such Part of the Roads described in the lall-mentioned Act, as leads from the F.nd of Culham Bridge next to Culham, in the County of

Oxford, to the End of Bui ford Bri next to Abingdon, in the County of Berks, and from The Mayor's Slone at the End of Boar Street, in t he Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to Shippon, in the said County of Berks, and from thence to the West End of the Town of Fyfield, in the same County; without any Amendment: Andalfo,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Herman Kater; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Engelberts Ziegenbein and Charles A tig uf us Piefchell; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for augmenting the Militia;" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Manors and Parities of llighclercand Burghclere, in the County of Southampton; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords ddire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have pasted a Bill, intituled, An Act, for naturalizing Peter Chaffeaud to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing James Mary Siordct and John Lewis Hoqjf-Jtetter; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, lying in the Counties of Derby,

and Warwick, and for amending, and keeping in Repair-,

the Road branching from Part of the said Roads between Mea/ham, in the said County of Derby, and Bur-on Trent, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road at or near The Bull's HeadA in Twycross, in the said County of IFicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. linn-gerford, Mr. Pochin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Richard Smith, from the Select Committee, to whom the Petition of John Touchct. and John Irving, Agents for the Brit ifi Subjects redding in the Pro- viiiccs of Bengal, Bahai, and and their several

Dependencies, whose Names are subscribed to the Petition thereinafter let forth; and also t be Petition of Warren Ilaftings, Esquire, Governor General, and of Philip

Francis and Edward Wheler, Esquires, Counsellors for the Government of tire Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, are referred; acquainted the House, That ho was directed by the Committee to move the 1 jpufe, that an humble Address.be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Petitions that have been presented to His Majeliv from the Native Inhabitants of the Districts o or Dacca, or

any other of the Native Inhabitants of the Provin- es of Bengal, Bahar, and Orixa; and also, that an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that lie will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there her laid before this House, Copies of all Papers transini:te<{ from the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort Wiliam, to any of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, relative to the Jurisdiction of the said Supreme Court.

And Mr. Richard Smith moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Petitions that have been presented t j His Majesty from the Native Inhabitants of the Dist: is of Patna or Dacca, or any other of the Native Inhabitants of the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Ortxx.

Resolved, That an Immblc Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously plcaf-d to give Directions, that there be laid before this louse. Copies of all Papers transmitted from the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William, to any of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, relative to the J urifdiftiou of the said Supreme Court.

Ordered, That the said Addresses he presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's Molt honourable Pi ivy Council.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Copies of the Judgments and Decrees of the Commissioners appointed pursuant to an Act, pasted in the Twentieth Ye »r of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to veil certain " Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,

" in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty'sDocks, Ships, and Stores, at Chatham," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copies of the Judgments and

Decrees of the Commi (boners appointed pursuant to an Act, pasted in the 'Twentieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to veil certain

" Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,

" in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty's

" Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Plymouth and Sheerness;

and for better defending the Passage of the River

AdminiflxaticA of Justice in

Bengal*

Supply,

21 Geo. III. i — 190

tc Thames, at Gravesend, and Fort," so far as

the same relate to the Purchase of the Messuages, Lands, Ten'tuents, and Hereditaments, necessary for the better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores at Sheerness, and for better defending the Passage oft he River Thame's at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort, here erred to the said Committee, i Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speakerleft the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several llesolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

FeJ'olved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

1 Orkney The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being Zetland returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to at-

Eiefiion. tend the said Select Committee, delivered in to the { House One of the said Lifts, which had been llruck

> by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a

; new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members, then

1 remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned Lift, the

j Names of George Dempj and Archibald Macdonald,

Esquires, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

JVi/fon liraddyll, Esquire, Edward Coke, Esquire, John Parry, Esquire, the honourable Thomas Pelham, James Phipps, Esquire, William With fore:1, Esquire, Lord Vi fcoun t Galway, A brah a; n i! a wlinjbn, Esqu i re, Si r George Savile, Baronet, John Wh, Esquire, the

honourable Charles George Perceval, Sir Robert Laioley, Baronet, John Parker id Esquire, George

Dempsler, Esquire, Archibald Macdonald, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committeefor tryingtlieMerits of the said PttitionofCharles Dundas; and also the Petition of Patrick Gnome, of Gra mshall, Thomas Du, of George Haldane, of Glineaglcs, Robert Laing, James Cap-

tain John Traill, and Thomas 'Traill, Barons and Freeholders of the County and Stewnrtry of Orkney and Zetland, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner, i And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides

withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet

t forthwith in the Third Committee Chamber, appointed

1 for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Importation Mr. Sibthorp presented to the House, according to and Order, a Bill for further regulating and ascertaining the Xf*^atI0D Importation and Exportation of Corn and Gram, within I Corn, See, several Ports and Places therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

1 Rcjblvcd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-kod Means, jngnext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morn- ing next, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 38.

Febnlarii,

Lunsc, 19® die Februarii;

Anno 21* Georgii III*" Regis, 1781! Prayers.

MR. Wilbraham Bootle from the Select Committee who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Philip Esquire, and

also the Petition of the Right honourable Thomas Hyde, commonly called Lord Hyde, and William Evelyn, Esquire, Lieutenant General of His Majesty's Forces; and also the Petition of Matthew Wills, Richard hull, and William Rogers, Freemen of the Borough of Hellston, in the County of severally complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the said Borough, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Ri ght honourable Thomas Hyde, commonly called Lord Hyde, is not duly returned a Burgess tp serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hellflon, in the County of Cornwall:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That William Evelyn, Esquire, is not duly returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Philip Yorke, Esquire, is duly returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Hellflon, in the County of

And also, That the said Select Committee have de^ termined,

That Jocelyn Dean, Esquire, was duly returned g Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough:

And also that the said Selcft Committee have determined.

That Philip Yofe, Esquire, is duly defied a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hellston, in the County of Cor

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Jocelyn Dean, Esquire. was duly defied a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the said Borough o f Hellston.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House. *

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House immediately, with the Double Return for the Borough of Hellflon, in the County of Cornwall', and amend the fame, by taking off the File the Indenture by which the Right honourable Thomas Hyde', commonly called Lord Hyde, and Lieutenant General William Evelyn, are returned.

And the Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the said Return accordingly.

The Lord Hinchinbrookreported to the House,

That their AddreflVs of Friday last, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Copies of the Petitions and Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty: and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

The House being informed that Mr; Ludbey, from the Commissioners lor building a Bridgeacrols the River Thames, from the City of Wto the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament, .

A State

215

Hdlftoa

Ele&ioti*

Answefr > to Addrefi iot Papers.

West min ftef Bridge.

West wood Gate Road.

216

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, for the Year 1780: And also,

Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from the 1 oth Day of October 1779 to the 1 oth Day of October 1780.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books, containing the said State and Accounts, were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from Gate, in the

Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, through the Towns of Rii/hden and Ferrers, and over

Artleborough Bridge, to the Turnpike Road in Barton Sea grave Lane, in the Parish of Barton Seagrave,

in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Totvnjhend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A. 1781.

the first Mill Pond at South End, in the said Parish of Lcwijhain, to the West End of Stroud Green, in the Parish of Croydon; and from the Turnpike Road near Lczo.jkan

Bridge, to the North End o f B AshLane, in the Parish of Lee, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey; and for repealing so much of several Acts of Parliament now in Force, as relates to the said Roads, being the Roads comprised in the said Act of I he Fifth Year of 11 is present Majesty: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for further continuing the Payment of the said Annual Sum of 150 out of the Tolls to be collected upon the Roads comprised in the said Bill, to be laid out and applied towards defraying the Expences attending the Execution of the said recited Acts of the Twenty-l'econd Year of his late Majesty, and the Seventh Year of Mis present Majesty, in such Manner, and under fuel) Regulations and Refine: ions, as the House Dial! think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred so the Consuleration of a Committee: Add that they do

examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, a£ it flia.il appear to them; to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Joseph Maze beg, Air. flicnd, kc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers; and Records.

i 90 Februarii.

Kent Street A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in D . Execution Two Acts of Parliament, made in the &c°f ' Twenty-fecund Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, Roads. and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for opening and making a new Road from the East End of Nexv Street, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future, and for repairing several other Roads adjoining thereto, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act; made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend several Acts, passed in the Fourth and Sixth Years of King George the First, and in the Eleventh and Twenty-fourth Years of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads from The Stone's End in Kent Street and Bermondsey Street, Southwark, to Dartford, and to the Extent of the Parish of Lewi/ham, next Bromley and Beckenham, in the County of Kent, and for other Purposes, the Trustees for the Care of the Roads therein mentioned were directed, out of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the same Roads, to pay to the Petitioners the Annual Sum of£.150; which hath been aceordingty confiantly paid, and from Time to Time applied towards carrying the Purposes of the said Two first recited Acts into Execution; and that , the Petitioners have borrowed several very considerable

Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the Roads under their Care, which Hill remain due; and that the Term of the said Act,

of the Fifth Year of Mis present Majesty is near expiring; and unless the Payment of the said Annual Sum of £. 150 be further continued, the Money borrowed, and due as aforesaid, cannot be repaid, and the Roads, under the Care of the Petitioners, be kept in good Repair: and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for more effectually repairing the several Roads leading from The Stone's End in Kent Street, in the Parish of George, Soulhzvark, to Dartford; and from The St

to the Turnpike near Saint Thomas a Waterings, in the said l'arish of Saint George; and from the Turnpike Road near Deptjor d Bridge to The Stone's Pnd i 11 London

Street, in the Parish of East Greenwich; and from The Six Mile Stone on Blackheath, near the West End of Greenwich Park Wall, to Woolwich Warrens and from The Lime Kilns in East Greenwich, to join the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Lewisham; and from New Cross, in the Parish of Deptford, to Farnborough , and from

A Bill for building z Bridge over the Rfver Adur, at or near Shoreham, in the County of Safe.r, was read a Second Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill lie committed to the Earl of Surrey, Mr. Fletcher, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in' the Speaker's Chamber.

Adnt

Bridge

a;

Shoreham.

A Bill for inclosing and improving certain Lands and West Halron Grounds within the Township of Hatton, in (he t inclosure. Parish of Long Preston, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Laf-celles, Mr. Farter, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir William Cunynghame reported from the Commit- Borrow (tow-tee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the ness,&c. Road leading from the Port of Borro by the Rood.

West of the Borough of Linlithgow, and by the Towns of Torphichen, Bathgate, and Whitehurnfrom thence

Southward to the Coniines of the County of Linlithgow, at or near Hollhouseburn, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to» report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the' Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Goddard do carry to the Lords, Chicklade the ingrossed bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Inclosure; mon Fields, Common Downs, Wufte Lands, and Commonable Places, of and within the Parish of Chicklade, in the County of Wills, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Duty of One Far- Whitby thing per Chalder on Coals, granted by an Act of the Harbour.' Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King George the

Second,

21 Geo. III. 190 Februarii. 217

Second, for the more effectual repairing and maintaining the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Duty of One Farthing per Chalder on Coals, granted by an Act of the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for the more effectual repairing and maintaining the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Lafcelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

and from The Lime Kilns in to join the

Turnpike Road in the Parish ojf; and from

NewCrofs, in X.\\eV&uihoi Debtford, ioFarnborough Wells and from the first Mill Pond at South End, in the said Parish of Lewisham, to the West End of Stroud in the Parish of Croydon; and, from the Turnpike Road near Lewisham Bridge, to the North End of Burnt Ash Lane, in the ParHh of Lee, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey; and for repealing so much of so-veral Acts of Parliament, now in Force, as relates to the said Roads, is committed.

Dfnhigh A Bill for more effectually repairing the Road leadk-Road. Jug from the Town of Denbigh, to the Town of Saint AJ'aph , and from thence to the down and Port of Ruth-land, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint; and for repealing an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as the same relates to the said Road, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Parry, Mr. Wynn, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Hotkey A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com. inclosur*. moll Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lunds and Grounds, as well within the Parish and Township of as within the Extra-parochial Liberty of Rothley Temple, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Hunger-ford, Mr. Darker, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Com-

ma e fttittee, to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Liberties of Beverley, in the County of York, and the several Parishes of the same Town, is committed.

Hmmjfton Sir George Shuckburgh Teported from the Committee, lndofure. j0 whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, within the Parish of liming ton in the County of wick, was re-committed (for the Purpose of receiving the Coufent of the Parties concerned, to an Alteration made by the Committee, by leaving out the Name of one of the Commissioners originally named in the Bill, and inserting the Name of another Commissioner instead thereof) That the Committee had examined, and found that the Parties concerned had given their Con-lent to the said Alteration (except as is excepted in the former Report) and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, witly the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question feveratly put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Kent Street Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Com-

*° mittee, to whom the Bill for the more effectually re-' pairing the several Roads leading from The Stone's End p^pjT[ in Kent. Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Southwark, to Dar/ford ;and from The Stone's in Bermondsey

Street to the Turnpike near Saint Thomas a Waterings, in the said Parish of Saint George; and from the Turnpike Road near Deptford Bridge to The Stone's End in London Street, in the Parish of East Greenwich; and from The Six Mile Stone on Blackheafh, near the West End of Greemoich Park Wall, to Woolwich Warrens Vox,. 38.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for mustering the Militia.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, w hen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards del ivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Six hundred and Seventy-one Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to enable the Commissioners appointed by virtue of an Act, made in the Jail Sfelfion of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to yefl " certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Chatham,'' to make Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments, at and near Chatham, as have been purchased for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Four hundred and Fifty-two Pounds and Seventeen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to enable the Commissioners appointed by virtue of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to veil " certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Plymouth and " Sheerness, and for better defending the Passage of " the River Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fdrt," to make Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments, at and near S Gravesend,

as have been purchased for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Forty-eight Pounds and Eighteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to enable the Commissioners appointed by virtue of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to veil certain Messuages,

" Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees,

" for the better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships,

" and Stores, a % Plymouth and Sheerness, and for better

3 K " defending

Army; M utiny and

Desertion.

Supply

218 i o° Februarii. . 1781.

xt defending the Passage of the River Thames at " Gravesend and Tilbury Fort," to make Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments, at and near Tilbury Fort, as have been purchased for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act, and for Damage done to the Lands adjacent.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Sir Richard Sir Charles

Frederick, Sir Charles Cocks, Mr. Kenrick, and Mr. Strachey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That John Roberts, Esquire, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for neglecting to attend his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Petition A Petition of the Owners of Ships belonging to and Smneelin trad*ng from the Port of Sunderland, in the County of " Durham, residing onShore, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining erf an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for more effectually preventing the pernicious Practice of Smuggling, and which subjects to Forfeiture the Ship or Vessel and Furniture bringing any Foreign Brandy, or other Foreign Spirituous Liquors, excepting only Two Gallons for the Use of each Seaman then belonging to and on board such Ship or Vessel; and Rating, that such Law is likely to cause the Ruin of the Petitioners, Owners of Ships trading to Holland, and other Foreign Ports: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Owners of Shipping belonging to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and rdiding on Shore; and also, the Petition of the Guild or Brotherhood of Masters and Pilots, Seamen of the Trinity House of Kingston upon; and also, the Petition of the Owners of Ships belonging to the Port of Kingston upon Hull, and others concerned in the Maritime Trade at the said Port; and also, the Petition of the Owners of Ships belonging to the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, residing on Shore; and also, the Petition of the Owners of Ships belonging to the Port of Whitby, in the County of York-, and also, the Petition of the Owners of Ships belonging to the Port of Scarborough, in the County of York, residing on Shore; which were presented to the House upon the 6th, 8th, and 12th Days of this Inffant February, lie referred to the said Committee.

Regulating Mr. Burke presented to the House, according to Or-

His Majestf's der, a Bill for the better Regulation of His Majesty's Civil Civil Establishments, and of certain Public Offices-;

EftaMifhmenti. for tj,e Limitation of Petitions, and the Suppression of fundryufeless, expensive, and inconvenient Places; and for applying the Monies saved thereby to the Public Service: And the same was received; and read the Firli Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next;

An Amendment was proposed To be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Thursday Morning next," and inferring the Words " this Day Seven- night" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Thursday Morning next" Hand Part of the Question j

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j j 77-

Tellers for the Noes, j j

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put* That the Words this Day Sevennight" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Richard Smith, from the Select Committee, to Atlminifl ration whom the Petition of John Touchetand Irving, Agents for the British Subjects residing in the Provinces a en*‘*'

of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, and their several Dependencies, whose Names are subscribed to the Petition thereinafter set forth; and also the Petition of Warren

Hafings, Esquire, Governor General, and of Philip Francis and Edzoard Wheler, Esquires, Counsellors for the Government of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, are referred; acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions that there be laid before this House, Copies of all the Rules and Orders of Practice of the Supreme Court of Judicature of Fort William in Bengal, which have been transmitted to any of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or to any other of His Majesty's Mi-nifters.

And Mr. Richard Smith moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House,

Copies of all the Rules and Orders of Practice of the Supreme Court of Judicature of Fort William, in Bengal, which have been transmitted to any of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or to any other of His Majesty's Ministers.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The I-ords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act importation for further continuing an Act, made in the Nineteenth of Italian Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allow- Thrown Silk, ing the Importation of fineOrganzined I/a/ianThrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Prize Gocda. for extending the Provisions of Three Acts, made in the Eighteenth, Nineteenth, and Twentieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, with respectto bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Prizes taken from the States General of the United Provinces; for declaring what Goods shall be deemed Military or Ship Stores; for regulating the Sale of, and ascertaining the Duties upon, East India Goods condemned as Prize in the Port of London; for permitting the Purchasers of Prize Goods, condemned Abroad, to import such Goods into this Kingdom, under the like Regulations and Advantages as are granted by I-aw to Captors themselves; and for reducing the Duties on Foreign Prize Tobacco; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Com- Gloucester mitlee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Gtoj

Names:

21 Geo. III.

' Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of

I the City of Gloucester, in Behalf of themselves and the

rest of the Inhabitants of the said City, is referred.

Ships under A Motion was made, and the Question being put* DiTb"1 That there be laid before this House, a List of the I Uir Ships under the Command of Vice Admiral Darby, on Friday the ill and Wedne the 6th of December last, distingtiishing their Rates;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J } 6*

Te'iers for the Noes, j } 97-

So it passed in the Negative.

Justices of The order of the Day being read, for taking into Peace to further Consideration the Report from the Committee WiogRtou* ^ie w*10^e House, to whom the Bill to enable all Persons named in any Commission of the Peace, to act as Justices of the Peace in the Suppression Suppression of Riots and Tumults, notwithstanding the y have not taken out f ll/?ir Dedimus Potefatem; and for enabling such Justices of the Peace to take the Oath of Qualification in the Manner therein directed, was committed

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

alp

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn*-ing rtext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

190 — 20° .

Marine A Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces. Forces while on Shore, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon *

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sspply. The Order-of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That Surpluses, Hated the 5th Day of April 1780, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplnfles, Hated the 10th Day of October j 780, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence cf confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, pursuant to His Majesty's Orders, to be applied and paid for the Relief and Benefit of sundry American Civil Officers, and others, who have fullered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Government, between the 29th of February 1780 and the 29th January 1781, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made, That the Report, which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for the Year 1781, be referred to the said Committee $

The Lord North, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the I louse, to make such Provision for defraying the Charges of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 1781, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Vol. 38.

Martist 20® die Februarii;

Anno 21* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1781,

Praters.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Confi* deration the Petition of John Acland, Esquire; and also the Petition of Robert Parsons, Thomas Lockyer, Charles Chinn, and others, Inhabitants of the Townand

Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, paying Scotland Lot, in respect of Property within the said Borough, severally complaining of the undue Election and Return of Benjamin Allen, Esquire, for the said Borough; and also the Petition of the several Persons, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, complaining of the undue Election and Return of the honourable Anne Poulett for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Se-left Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Bu-finess of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Nineteen Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents for the Petitioner, Mr. land, who also appeared in Support of the said Petition of Thomas Parsons, Robert Ijxkyer Charles Chinn, wad

others. Inhabitants of the said Borough; and the Counsel and Agents for the said M r. Allen, who also appeared as Chunfel and Agents in Support of the said Petition of the several Persons, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and the Counsel and Agents for the said Mr. Poulett, were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House was locked.

' And it appearing, that there were Four Parties before the House, on distinct Interests, the same was Hated, by

Mr.

2

Ways and Means.

Bridgeivatef

Election.

Ilmington

inclosure.

Stow

Poor.

2 ao 20° Februmiu . 1781.

Mr. Speaker, to tHeCounfelat the Bar; and the House proceeded to the Appointment of the said Select Committee, as in the Cafes of there being more than Two Parties on dlftihft' Ihterdftkltefore the House.

And then the Clerk was dirtefted by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the fariie being rOad'accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerks taken out of the Box (which had beeh before prepared) and put into Six Glades, and were then drawn by the Clerk' in the usual Manner1, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Forty-nine Members, then present, were drawn, who wore not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Twenty.five other Members, then present, were drawn, and set alide with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Two, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; Six, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending;- Thirteen, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees; and Four, on. Account of their having already in this Session of Parliament served on Select Committees.

Amf the whole Nitmber of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete. Lists of the said Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields,- and other Commonable Land, within the Parish of Ilmingtonin the County of -rvick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Laud, within the Farish of Ilmington, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir George carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Banbury, reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the l'everal Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Directors and acting Guardians of the Poor, within the Hundred of , in the County of Suffolk, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundred of Stow, in the County of Suffolk, was read: And,

Mr. Robert Marriotbeing examined, said, That the Sum of £. 8,000, which, by the said Act, the Directors therein appointed were enabled to raise on the Credit thereof, hath been accordingly taken up at fn-tereli, and duly expended, agreeably to the Directions of the said Act, but hath proved insufficient to complete the good and useful Purposes thereof — That in order to prevent any bad Consequences that might have arisen from such Deficiency in their Fund, the said Directors have borrowed the Sum of £. 1,32a on their own Personal Security, and have duly expended the same towards completing the Business directed to be done by the said Act — That it now appears, that a {till further Expence mult unavoidably be incurred, in rendering 20

th> Buildings, provided for the Reception of the Poor of the said Hundred, perfectly useful, and in fulfilling the Directions of the said Act — That the Powers of the Act have been found in Several Respects defective; and that' it will be neceflavy to alter, amend* and enlarge the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for1 rendering effectual an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundred of Stoic, in the County of Suffolk: And that Sir Charles Sir John Rous,.and Mr. Wollaflon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Richard Sulfonpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making Com pCn fat ion to the Proprietors of certain Mefiiiages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Kent and Essex, purchased in pursuance of Two Several Acts of Parliament, pdfled in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Sheerness, and Chatham, and for better defend-

ing the Passage of the River Thames at Gravefendand

Tilbury. Fort:And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, afled in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the High Roads from the Borough of Tamworth to in the County of Leicester, and from Ferry, in the said

County, to a Turnpike Gate at or. near ;the End of

Swarcliffe Lane, leading to, and in the Parish of, Ashby-de-la-Zouch aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Darker, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, ab Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Terra, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Modbury, through the Town of to the

North End of Lincotta Lane, in the County of Devon, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Yonge, Mr. Parker, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at' Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Bunbury do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for exchanging, dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Lands and Grounds, called Whole Year Lands, Half Year Indofures, Open Field Land;, Breeks, Commons and Wastes, in Great Ringjlead, in the County of Norfolk, was committed.

Sir Charles Bunbury accordingly reported from the r said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, J

had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned- badr, given their. Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Common> Righflj Meftiiages and 187 Acres of Land, who. did not choose to lign the Bill, or could not be found; and* thattberi whole Property in the intended Inclosure amounts to zO. Common Right-Messuages, and 3,000 Acres of Land, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the: Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and jnade several AmendO

me lit 3

Dock Yards;

l'urchafe of Land&j&c,

Tam worth

Reads.

Modbury

through

Plympioa

Road.

Great

Ringitead

Inclosure.

Leave of Absence.

Highclere,

Zee.

Ifidosure.

21 Geo. III. 20° Februarit. 221

merits thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Amble Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Manors and Parishes of Highclere and , in the County of Southampton.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Press 2. 1. 12. After " Commissioner" insert "or " as soon after as conveniently may " be."

Press 3.1; 33. After " Manors" insert " so far only " as relates to the Purpose of the " said Division and Inclosure."

1. 35. Leave out "and," and insert "touching the said Boundaries, and " shall."

1. 39,1 Leave out from "Perambulation" to &40.J "having," in Press 4, 1. 43, and insert " such Dispute shall be decided by Arbitrators, as herein after mentioned; and in order " thereto, the said Commissioners " shall, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, affixed on the " Door of the Church of every " Parish wherein the said Manors " lie, require the Stewards who " hold the Courts of the several " Manors concerned, together with " Francis Page, of Nexobury, in the " County of Berks, Esquire, to " meet for the Purpose of deciding " the said Dispute, at a Time and " Place to be mentioned in the " said Notice, which Notice shall " be given at least Seven Days " before such Meeting; and in " case any of the said Stewards,

" or the said Frattcis Page, shall " neglect or refuse to attend pursuant to the said Notice, that " then the said Commissioners shall, " for the Purpose of deciding the " said Dispute, be joined with such " of them as shall so attend; " and the said Stewards, together " with the said Francis Page, in case " they shall all be present at such " Meeting as aforesaid, or if not, " then such of them as shall be " present, together with the said " Commissioners, shall be and are " hereby appointed Arbitrators to " examine and decide the said Dispute, and are hereby invefied " with full Power and Authority " so to do, the said Stewards, and " the said Francis Page, or such of " them as shall attend the said " Meeting as aforesaid."

Press 5. 1. 10. Leave out from " said" to " shall," " in 1.14, and insert " Arbitrators,"

Vol. 38.

and in the same Line, after " unanimous," insert " in their Opinion touching the said Dispute."

Press 5.1. 16. After " Parties" insert " but if they " shall not be unanimous, then the " Opinion of the major Part of " them shall decide the Matter in " Dispute; and in case the said " Stewards, and the said Francis " Page, shall all attend and assist " in the said Decision, they shall,

" by an Instrument in Writing,

" duly signed and sealed by them,

" signify such their Decision to the " said Commissioners, within Seven " Days after the said Meeting."

1. a8. Leave out from " Sale" to " Provided," in line 34.

1. 36,7 Leave out " such lafbmentioned,'* &37.J and insert " the;" and in line 37,

" after " Decision," insert " of the " major Part of the said Arbitra-i " tors as aforesaid."

1. 40. Leave out " Seven," and insert " Fourteen."

Prefab. 1. 9. After " Parties"- insert " Provided " always nevertheless, That if any " of the Persons who shall be <c dissatisfied with the Decision -of " the major Part of the said Ar-. " bitrators, touching the Boundaries as aforesaid, shall be desirous of having the same decided by an Action at Law " instead of the Justices at the " Quarter Sessions, and shall, by " Writing under his or their Hand " or Hands, signify to the said Commissioners such Desire within Fourteen Days after such Deci- fion* that then it shall be lawful " for the Person or Persons so difsatisfied, to have the said Difpnte " settled and determined by an " Action at Law to be brought " by him or them against any of " the Parties in favour of whom " such Decision shall be made, " upon a feigned Blue, to be settied by the proper Officer of the " Court in which such Action shall " be brought, in case the Parties " differ about the fame; and the " Defendant or Defendants in such " Action is or are hereby required " to appear to such Action, accept a Declaration, and plead " to Issue; and after the bringing " or commencing of such Action, " the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall, " without Delay, proceed therein, " so as to have the same tried and " determined at the First or at the " Second Assizes at the furthest to " be holden for the said County of " Southampton, next after the said " Decision, any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary " hereof notwithstanding."

1. 11. After " said" insert " Fields."

1. 14. After " the" insert " Fields."

1. 24. After " said" insert " Fields."

Press 7.1. 18. After " Churchwardens" insert " and " with the Assent of the Arbitrators " hereinbefore appointed."

3 L The

Bedwyn

Writ.

Supply.

222

20* Februarii.

A. 1781.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second of the Reign of Mis present Majesty, towards the Sup-Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, ply granted for the Service of the Year 1779. agreed to by the House. That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Ordered, That Mr. Jervoise do carry the Bill to the That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Twenty-two

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for

thousand Seven hundred and Forty-five Pounds Four Shillings and Sixpence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the 10th Day of October 1780, of the Fund eftaldished for pay-the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia- ing Annuities granted by an Act, made in the Twentieth ment for the Borough of Great Bedwyn, in the County Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the of Wilts, in the room of Paul Methuen, Esquire, who. Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1780.

since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundredsof Stoke, , and,

in the County of Buckingham.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, and for their Subsistence during the Time they shall be absent from Home, 011 Account of the Annual Exercise, for the Year 1781.

The Four First of the said Resolutions being severally read aSecondTime, were, upon the Question severally

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma- put thereupon, agreed to by the House. jesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Four

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned, being Bridgewater again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to at- ^let,101K tend the said Select Committee, delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been struckbv the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then re-

hundred and Eighty-seven Pounds and Seventeen Shil- maining unftruek; which last mentioned Lift was read; lings, be granted to His Majesty, to replace the like and is as follows:

Sum which has been issued, by His Majesty's Orders, Henry Esquire, Whitmore, Esquire,

to Mr. Duncan Campbell, for the Expence of confining, Thomas Bates Rous, Esquire, Richard Payne Knight, Ef-maintaining, and employing, Convicts on the River quire, John Peach Esquire, Charles

Thames. Esquire, Sir Henry Baronet, Clement Taylor,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Esquire, Sir William daemon. Baronet, John Darker, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-two thousand Two Esquire, William Charles , Esquire, Daniel Par-humlred and Twenty-two Pounds, be granted to His her Coke, Esquire, Sir George Augustus William Majesty, to make good to His Majesty the like Sum burgh. Baronet.

which has been issued, by His Majesty's Orders, in pursuance of the Addresses of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-seven thousand Nine hundred and Ten Pounds and Twelve Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued, by His Majesty's Orders, to be

And thereupon the said Thirteen Members immediately withdrew.

And the said Counsel and Agents also withdrew. The Thirteen Members before mentioned being returned to the House, the said Counsel and Agents were again called in to the Bar.

And the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select

applied for the Relief and Benefit of sundry American Committee, informed the House, That the said Thirteen Civil Officers and others, who have suffered on Ac- Members had, by themselves, chosen William Baker count of their Attachment to His Majesty's Govern- and Thomas Powys, Esquires, to serve on the said Select ment. Committee.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, And the Namesof the said and Thomas

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty thousand Nine hun- Powys, Esquires, were added to the said Lift of Thir-dred and Ninety-nine Pounds Eleven Shillings and Two teen Members,

Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to Committee, for trying the Merits of the said Petition of make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1780, John Esquire; and also the Petition of Robert

of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted Parsons, Thomas Lockyer, Charles Chinn, and others, ( by an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of of his late Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the in the County of Somerfd, paying Scotland Lot, in Service of the Year 1758. respect of Property within the said Borough; and also

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Petition of the several Persons, Electors of Members That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Ninety-one to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bridgewater, thousand Six hundred Sixty-four Pounds Seven Shil- in the County of Somerset, whose Names are thereunto lings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to subscribed, now taken into Consideration, were sworn replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Mauner. the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew, of July 1780, of the Fund established for paying An- Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet nuities granted by an Act, made in the Eighteenth forthwith in the Third Committee Chamber, appointed Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the for Hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1778.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Then the Residue of the Resolutions reported from That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Ninety-three the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was thousand Six hundred Sixty-three Pounds and One referred to consider further of the Supply granted to Penny Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to His Majesty, being severally read a Second Time, were, replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day by the House. of July 1780, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the

Committee

Supply.

Army: Mutiny and

Dffcrtion.

a i Geo. III. ao° — 2 2° Februarii. 223

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for panishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army in their Quarters, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next. Ten of the Clock, i

Jovis, 220 die;

Anno 21# Georgii IIP" Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

r\R D E R E D, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Jocelyn Dean, Esquire, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Port of by the

West of the Borough of Linlithgow, and by the Towns of Torphichcn, Bathgate, and from thence Southward to the Coniines of the County of Linlithgow, at or near IloUhouseburn, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading ''from the Port of Borrowfiounvefs, by the West of the Borough of Linlilhgoto, and by the Towns of chen, Bathgate, and Whiteburn, and from thence Southward to the Confines of the County of Linlithgow, at or near HollhouJ'ebum.

Ordered, That Sir William Cunynghame do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Hingham, in the County of Norfolk.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Press 1.1. 31. Leave out from " Hingham" to " and, " in Line 33.

Press 11.1. 5. Leave out from "inclosed" to " And," in Press 12, Line 40.

Press 24.1. 20,1 Leave out " in lieu of Tythes as & 21. 3 " aforesaid, and."

Press 34.1. 18. Leave out from " Parish" to " in," in Line 20.

And the House being informed that all the Parties ijiterefled in the said Inclosure had given their Consent to the Bill, as amended by the I^ords, except the Proprietors of Lands assessed to the Land Tax for £. 147. 1 or. od.-, and that the whole Property having Kight of Common on the Lauds to be inclosed, is assessed for £. 1,563;

The said Amendments were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Edward carry the Bill to

the Lords; and acquaint them, that (his House hath

V°L. 38.

agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee* to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Eastern End of the Borough of Grantpound, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Saint Auftell and Lofuithiel, and from thence to the East End of the Western Tuphouse Lane, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and life read the; Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,; with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House. ‘

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

1 \

A Petition of the Merchants and Owners of Ship# belonging to the Port of Liverpool, whose Names are1 thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for more effectually preventing the pernicious Practice of Smuggling, and which subjects to Forfe'iture the Ship or Vessel and Furniture bringing any Foreign Brandy, or other Foreign Spirituous Liquors, excepting only Two Gal-. Ions for the Use of each Seaman then belonging to and on board such Ship or Vessel; and flating. That the said Law will tend greatly to discourage the building and fitting out Freight Ships, and thereby deprive the Nation of its most valuable Nursery for Seamen: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House flia.Il seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House to whom the Petition of the Owners of Ships-belonging to and trading from the Port of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, residing:on Shore, is referred.

Ordered, That Lord Charles Spencer do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Trustees, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, Trustees for the Turnpike Roads from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to CuUiam Bridge, and to a Place called Milestone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County, was referred.

Lord Charles Spencer accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of, the said Petition; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Ninth Year, and an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Yegr, of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending the said Roads, were rend: And,

Thomas Cooper, Esquire, Clerk and Treasurer to the said Trustees, being examined, said. That the said Roads form a District in all Respects separate and distinct from other Roads mentioned in the said Acts —

That

Grampound

Road.

Petition relating to Smuggling*

Henley fcriJ2. to the *

Milestone

itoftdf.

224 22° Februarii. A. 1781.

That a great PrOgrefe hath been made iu amending and widening these Roads; in the doing of which, the Trustees have duly expended the Tolls collected thereon, and a oonsiderable Sum of Money taken up at Interest on the Credit thereof, tvhieh is now owing — -That the Debt so icontrafted cannot be paid oft', nor can the said Roads be completely amended, and kept in Repair, urdefs the Term of the said' Acts, which is near expiring, be farther continued.''

' That it win fociiitatCJthe Etecntion of the Acts, and, be advantageous to-‘the abn.we-described Division of Road,'if the same be declared by Law to be a separate District, entirely: uncdnneftftl with the other Roads Mentioned in the said Act9.

That the -Powers-of the said Acts. have been found, in several Respects, infufflcient and defective; and that it is necoflary to explain, alter, and ctilarge, tlte. fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a/ Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Ninth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain ltoads therein described, so far as the same relate to the Road from Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence tq Culham Bridge, and to a Place called Mikjtone, in f the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said Coun-

5' . ty: And. that Lord Charles Spencer and the Lord Wenmando prepare, ^nd bring in, the fame.

Accounts The House being informed that Mr. from

exportex t*ie Commissioners of the Custeuis, attended at the P ' Door-; he was called in; and, at the Bar, peefented to the House^ pursuant to tjieir Orders,

An Aocouni of the Quantities of Prize Sugars which have been warehoused for Exportation ft nee the Commencement of the present Hostilities with France and Spain ;Hating the Quantities, which have been ware-Housed in each Year: And, also.

An Accoiriafc of the Amount of the Quantity of Refined Sugar exported from that Part of Great Britain called England, to Foreign Parts, during the Years 1774, 1775. 1776, 1777„ 177$, 1779, and 1789; distinguishing each Year: And also,.

An Account of the Amount of the Quantity of Sugar importediiroio the British West India l(lands, into that Part of Great Britain called England, in the Years 1774,

1 775, 1776, 1777, 1778, 1779. a»d 1780; distinguishing each Year: And also,

‘ , An Account of the Aipountof the Quantity of Raw

- Sugar exported from that Part o Britain called

England, to'Foreign Parts, during the Years 1774, .1775» »776, 1777* 1.778, 1779, and 1780; diiiinguifti-ing each Year. ' .

Arid tlren he witlidiew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were rend.

Ordered, That tlte said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House'.

The said Accounts arc preserved among# the other Papers of this Seftion.'

An/\\erf The Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the House, That for Papers*, their Address of Monday lad, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Di rest ions, that the Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Poor Sir Charles Bunbury presented to the House, according

oor' to Order, a Bill /or rendering effectual an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and 'Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Stow, in the County of Suffolk: And the same was received; and redd the First Time!

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

20

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Important,* ing, refol ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of to consider of allowing the Importation of Flax and <" Flax Seed into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State iu Amity with His Majesty, navigated with Foreign Mariners.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into justic«» further Consideration the Report from the Committee of

of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable all Peac<:

Persons named in any Commission of the Peace, to act supp^frng as Justices of the Peace in the Supprcfiion of Riots Riots, and Tumults, notwithstanding the y have not taken out tl lei r Dedimus Fotejlatem s and for enabl ing such Justices of the Peace to take the Oath of Qualification in the Manner therein directed, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Oi'dered, That a Committee be appointed to consider Inclosure of proper Regulations, to be inserted in Bills for in-doling Lands or Commons, with respect to the making resp-aing and keeping in Repair the Roads in such Inclosiires; Road* and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir ben, Mr. Ord, Sec..: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all, who come to the Committee, are to have Voices.

The Lord Lewisham reported from the Committee, Dilhome to whom the Rill for dividing and inclosing the several Inclusure. Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Dillorn, otherwise- Dilhorne, in the County of

Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Person, Owner Of an Estate of about 30 Acres, who is Abroad; and One other Person, Owner of about 6 Acres, who could not be found; and that the Whole of the Estates having Right of Common, consists of 2,600 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendmentsthereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's ' "table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sionlct'*, for naturalizing James Mary Siordet, and John Lewifi. &c. Hoofsletter, was read the First. Time. Nar-

llefolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ctiaffeaud's for naturalizing Peter. Chajjeaud, was read the First atl Times. '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a5econd Time.

Th*

a i'Geo. III.

ii° — 23° Februarii.

Henley

upon

Tonies

hrittee.

The *Lord Parker reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the May01 % Aldermen, Bridge-men, ami Buri'elTeS, of the Town o ( Henley upon Thames, in the County of Oxford, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; -and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to ti e House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read: and is as fol* Joeweth.; viz.

To prove the A negations of the said Petition, Thomas Cooper, Kftshire, Town Clerk of Henley, being examined, said, That the Corporation of Henley are Proprietors 6f a Bridge acrose The River, Thames, from the said Town to the- Pan fit of Repfenhayi, in the Coupty ;of Berks, in the High ;Road fi;qm _ Oxford and tlje VvTefiern Parts of England to London — That the said -Corporation. ate, possessed of acertain Income, payable out of Houses and Tenements in the said Town, applicable, amongst other Purposes, vo the Support. of the said Bridge;. but that the said Fund has of late Years, owing to the decaying State of the Bridge, and ,the great iincrease, both in Number and Weight, of the Carriages passing oyer it, proved very insufficient for the Repairs thereof — That the Corporation have there*

» fore Jieea reduced to the Necessity, of borrowingj^foney

> on Mortgage of their other Estates, to enable thero-

lelvesilo keep the said; Bridge in a State of Safety, for

1 the Use of ti:e Public; . apt! that, coiisiderable Sums of ' Money, lb.borrowed, have been expended in repairing Part and rebuilding other Parts thereof.

Mr. William? Brtnljhaio being then examin^dy-said,

He had surveyedthe said Bridge — That it isin so rutgons.

and decayed; a State, as to be wholly incapable ojf.Re- .

pair, and most soon be very unsafe for heavy Carriages . to pals — 'That it will be better for the Corporation and _ the Public, to have a Stone Bridge built near U»e$cite of the present Wooden one. And he produced a, Plan,

- of a plain substantiol Stone Bridge, the Estimate of

.erecting which amounted >to £. 10,000. , ,[

Being further examined, he said. That in.,order ito

- make, a £afe and commodious Communication between the Bridge so intended to be built and the Town of

r; Henley, iit.wiU be iieooflary. tq jay the Scite of certain Houses and other Buildings, and some small Pieces, of., Land, together with, a Part of the Church Yard, into the Road that, is , meant to be madej thg Expeqce of M which may amount to £. 4,000.

1 Mr. Cooper being again ^xaipiued, said,. That the,

Corporation of Henley haying po> Fund in.,any Degree adequate to! the unavoidable E^penceof building a new; Bridge, I the lame, though highly necessary for the Accommodation of the Public, , pannot be, built, and proper Avenues be made thereto* without the Aid ofr Parliament.

Being, further examined, he said. That the Town of Henley is very populous, J\ath ajgrgp Weekly Market,!

> , Hiid is a.great Xboroughfare — That; it would be convenient and advantageous, to the Inhabitants, thereof,.

and the Public , in general,-if Powers were given for lighting the said:Town, repairing tiny Footways, re-'

> moving Buildings that ohfirudt the PaQagp through he

principal Streets and Market Place, for removing Nuifauces and Annoyances from the said Town, and for establ idling a Nightly Watch there. - .

Ordered, That Leave be given to, bring in, a Bill for building a Bridge over the River at the

Town of Henley upon Thymes, in the County of Oxford, mid making coidfcodious Avenues thereto; forwidening some Part of the High Street and the Market Place; for lighting and watching, for regulating the Footways in, and for removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances from, the said Town: And that, the Lord Barker, General Conway, and Lord Charles Spencer, do prepaie^ and.bring inutile fHoie. '

225

Ordered, Thfit Leave be given to bring in a Bill for restraining any Person, being a Member of the House -of Commons, from being concerned birhself, Ot any .-Person in Trust for him, in any Co'rrtratft made by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Yreafury, the Costi-missioners of the Navy, the Board of Ordriafice, of by any other Person or Persons for the Public Service, unless the said Contract shall be made at a Public Bidding! And that Sit Philip Jenni C/erfayMr. Sir George Savile, Sir James Loivlfier, Mr. William ther, Mr. Pliimer, Sir William Gnife, Sir George Ybnge, Mr. Thomas Toxenjhend, Mr. Mr. Byngi'ati'd

Mr. Spencer Stanhope, do prepare,' and bring in, the fame. " 1 v'! *'

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend Doctor Andreto Vicar oiEaJl

Greenwich, in the County of Kent, for the Sermoh by hjm preached Yesterday, before this House, at Saint Margaret's, Wefhninster-, add that he be defined to priht

the fame: And that Lord George Germain', the Lord J\orth, and Mr. Pochin, do acquaint him the4re-i with. ' 1 1 1

The other Order of the Day being read;

Rejoiced, 'IJhat this House wfil,: Tomorrow ‘Morning, refol ve itself into a Committee of the whole Hoiite, upon the pill, for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine, Forces while on Share. ' '

1 t.i. ♦

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning,lTenl of the Clock;

Members no\ id )5e concerntd ia Contracts.

Dr. Burnaby thanked for preaching before the House.

Veftgris, 23* die Februarii:

‘ ' ‘ 1 '7 f .* ': ,/1

'.! / . Anno 2i° ^eorgii^Illal Regis, 178*1.

Marine Forces.

cl. 3,

Pa A VERS.

THE Hour appointed for taking into COnsideration . > thp> Petition of John Gord* Esquire;

and nlfo the Petition of William of

3af>r\ Neiyall,„o{ Barflceoch, John Syme, of Meckle Oul-

loyh^Adam Craick, Younger, oi 'Afbigland, Patrick Heron, of Heron, George Maxu'eH, of Carruchan, William Copland* of Colliefion,. Alexander Fergiifon, of Craigdanoch, Captain Thomai Goldie, of Crtiicks, Sir Robert Laurie, ot' Maxwelttoiin, Baronet, welly Younger^ of Cairgen, of Cul-

vennan, Welhcood Maxwell, of Bamcletigh,- Alexander

Gprdon, of King's^gcange, William Maxwell, of Rick-horn f David Blair, of BelltenmonGor*

don,.oi Garlargy of the 81st Foot, Mr. John Macmurdo,

of Park, Factor 'to1 his GiacC the Duke of Queen/btlry, Benjamin Moodie, of KnocknarWriter in burgh, John Clark, of Nether Laggan, Writer in Dumfries, Robert Dalzell, of Ballingate, Advocate, Richard Dalzell, Y ounger, of Glenae, David Cairns, of Barribar-roch, John Dalyell, of Barncrojh, Alexander Copland, of Furthhead, Thomas Young, of Youngfield, and James Dalyell, Y ounger, of Barncrojh, all Freeholders in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, complaining of an undue

Election and Return for the said Stewartry, being Colne;

The House piocceded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

- The Serjeant at Arms was directed..by, Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Bofuiefs of the House.

And lie went accordingly.

And being returned;

3M And

Kirkcudbright

Election.

Members takes Oaths.

X irkcudhri*ht tfettion.

.Account of Verdigrease Imported; 6c c.

Great

Ringjlead

Inclosure.

Orkney a -.d Z^tlapd KJeliion*

22$ 1 ¥Februarii.A. 1781.

And several Members present having taken the Oaths, and made a.nd subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and delivered in an Account of their Qualifications, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the LawB made for those Purposes;

The Konfe was counted by Mr- Speaker, and One hundred and Six Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides Were Called in to the Bar:

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk Was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Conlide-ratioik

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glades, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Twenty-six Members then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Abel Moyf Esquire, being drawn, . he Was nominated to serve -on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for, the Sitting Member, and his ..Name was, set aside.

And the Names of Twenty-three other Members, then present, were drawn, who were net objected to Nate, That in the Gourse of drawing the said Names, the Names of Twenty»fix other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House; One,- on-Aeconnt -of-his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which he had before rv(?rifledission Oath;c Five, on Account of their being Members agaiilft wftofeReturns Petitions wpre depending; Thirteen, on Account of their thdn serving on Select Committees; Six, on Account of their having already in this Session of Parliament served on Select Committees; and One, on Account of his having voted at the said Election.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and uot excused or set aside, being complete, the Counsel for the Petitioner named William Pulteney, Esquire, to serve on the said Select Com. niittee.

Aud. Lifts, of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Imports and Exports of Ver-digreale, from the Year 1760 to the Year 1778 inclqftve. '

An ingrossed Bill for exchanging, dividing, allotting, and iticlosing, the Lands and Grounds called Whole Year Lands, Half Year Indofures, Open Field Lands, Breeks, Commons, an$ Wastes, in in

the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: Aud that the Title be, An Act for exchanging, dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the I*ands and Grounds called Whole Year Lands, Half Year Inclosures, Open Field Lands, Breeks, Commons, and Wastes, in Great Ringjlead, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Coke of Norfolk do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir George Savile, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Charles Dundasand also the Petition of

Patrick Grieme, of Grameshall, Thomas of

Fingajk, George Haldane, of Robert,

James Riddoch, Captain John Traill, and Thomas Traill,

Barons and Freeholders of the County and Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County and Stewartry*, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Robert Backii, Esquire, is not duly elected a

Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the County and Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland: And also. That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Charles Dundas, Esquire, ought to have been returned a Comrrtifiioner to serve in this present Parliament for the said County and Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the said Charles Dundas, Esquire, isduly elected a Commissioner, to serve iii this preietit Parliament for the said County and Stewart ry of and Zetland.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, upon Monday Morning next, with the Iaft Return for the County and Steivartry of and Zetland, and amend the lame, by rafing out the Name of Robert Backie, Efcpiire, and inserting the Name of Charles Dundas, Esquire, instead thereof.

0

The Ilonfe being informed that John Lane, who, together with Samuel Tett, exhibited a Petition to this House, on Behalf of themselves and others, Electors of the Borough of Ivelchester, in the Cotunty of Some/fet, complaining of an undue Flection and Return for the said Borough, was dciirous to withdraw so much of the Complaint in the said Petition as relates to himself;

And One of the Sitting Members, in his Place, having acquainted the House, that he consented, for himself aria the other Sitting Member, to the withdrawing so much of the Complaint in the said Petition as relates to the said John Lane ',

The House was moved, That the said Petition might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That so much of the Order, made upon the a 1 ft Day of November last, for taking the said Petition into Confederation upon Friday the 1 ith Day of May next, as relates to taking into Consideration the Petition of the said John Lane, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said John Lane be at Liberty to withdraw so much of the Complaint in the said Petition as relates to himself.

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been (truck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck, to which last mentioned Lift, the Names of Abel Moyfey and William Pidteney, Esquires, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows: Clement Tudway, Esquire, John Vaughan, Esquire, Edward Mor ant, Esquire, Sir Edward Ajtley, Baronet, Edward James Eliot, Esquire, James Dutton, Esquire, the Honourable Andrew St. John, John Roberts, Esquire, John Fuller, Esquire, Sir Frs<m,ick Leman Rogers, Baronet, Richard Benyon, Esquire, Joh Esquire,

Richard Aldicorfh Neville, Esquire, Abel Moyfey, Eft quire, William Pidteney, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petjtion of John Gordon, of Kenmre, Esquire; and also the Petition

of

Jrclchefw

Election.

KirkcuiTbrifc!

Election.

21 Ge& lit. i;° Febr. 227

of William Craick, of Arbi gland, John of Bar-Jkeoch, John Syme, of Mt Adam

Younger, of Arbigland, Patrick Heron, ofIlerlin, George

Maxwell, of Carruchan, William Copland, of Alexander Ferguson, of C Captain Thomas

Goldie, of Cruicks, Sir Hubert I.auric, of Baronet, Edward MaxtvellYounger, of Alex-

ander Gordon, ol'Culvennan, WellwoodMaxwell, oi'Barn-cleugh, AlexanderGordon, oiKing's-grangtf, William Maxwell, of Rkkhorn, David Blair, of Belkenmbnt, Captain Adam Gordon, of Garlarg, of the 8 ift Foot, Mr. John Maanurdo, of Park, Factor to his Grace tire Duke of 2ueenfbury, Benjamin Moodie, of , Writer

in Edinburgh, John Clark, of Nether Laggan, Writer in Dumfries, Robert Dalzell, of Ballingate, Advocate, Richard Dalzell, Youifger, of GlenaC, David Cairns, of Barnbafroch, Joliii Daly ell, of Barncrojk, Alexander Copland, of Furthhead, Thomas Young, of and

James Dalyell, Younger, of Barncrojh, all Freeholders

in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, now taken into Con--toleration, were sworn by the Clerk at, the Table in the ufaal Manner. . :. _ , .

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew^ ,

Ordered, Thai the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Third Committee Chamber, appointed lor. hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Petition A Petition of the Owners of Ships belonging to itfpe^ing South Shields, in the County of Durham, arid 'North Smuggling. Shields, in the County of Northumberland, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of an Act, made in the NineteenthXear of HJs preterit Majesty's Reign, forjmore effectu&lly preventing the 'pernicious Practice of Smuggling* and which subjects to Forfeiture the "Ship of Veto ! sfhd Furniture bringing any Foreign ''Brandy, or other Foreign Spirituous Liquors, excepting only 1 wo Gallon!? for the Use of each Seaman then belonging to and 6n board such Ship or Vessel; and , statiggjThat such Law, if not repealed, mult eventually be verjrinjurious to many innocent Owners residing on Shore, an<l fending their Ships to trade to Holland and other Foreign Forts: ' And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Owners of Ships belonging to and trading from the Port of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, residing on Shore, is referred, i The House was.moved, That the Order, made upon Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a.Committee of the whole House, upon that Day Seyennight, toooortfider of the said Petition, might be, read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; \

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-flight, the <Jth Day of- March next, resolve itfejf into . the said Committee.

Ovcntty The HousefWas moved. That the Order, made upon Election. the 14th Day of this Iniiant for adjourning

the further Attendance of Mr. Thomas Noxon and Mr. Thomas Butler, late Sherifi's of the City of Coventry, and the further Consideration of the several Petitions relating to, the Return made by them for the said Oity at the last General Election, until Monday next, might be read.

And the Taid Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the further Attendance of the said Sheriffs, and the further Consideration of the said Petitions, bo adjourned till Monday Fortnight, the 12th Day of March next.

Vox.. 38.

Mr. Byngreported from the Committee, to whom Stepne/

the Petition of Ann King, of Low Layton, in the County HackneV of Ejex, Widow, was referred; That the Committee Courts of had examined the Matter of the said Petitidti; and had Record, directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the fam'e was read; and is as followeth; viz. , .

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Letters Patent, granted in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for dstablishing a Court of Jtecord within the Manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, the Hamlets and Liberties of the fame, for the Trial of Personal Actions under Five Pounds, weFe produced: And,

Mr. Richard Farmer being examined, said,. That the Right of holding the said Court passed by Way of Sale; through divers Hands, into the Posselhon of the late Jjufband of the Petitioner Mrs. King, who left it t8 her as a principal Source for her Maintenance after his Death — That the said Court hath been regularly kept, agreeably to the Rules and Orders contained in the said Letters Patent, much to the Benefit of the trading Part of the Inhabitants within its Jurisdiction — That the present Method of proceeding to an Execution in the said Court, under the said Letters Patent, is so tedious, and the Expences attending it so high, that in all Cases it mull exceed the Debt to be recovered, and in many Instances may be Four Times as much, though no Defence should be made- -That if proper Powers were granted by Parliament, for shortening the Proceedings of the said Court, in order for a Creditor to obtain an Execution in a more summary Way, the Expences thereof would be so much reduced, that Numbers of Tradesmen, resident within the said District, who mull now submit to the Loss of their small Debts, would have the fair Means of recovering the m.

That it is proposed to confine the Jurisdiction of the said Court to Sums from Forty Shillingsfo^ive Pounds, and to limit the Term of Confinement of a Debtor taken in Execution, which at present is left wholly to the tn-.clination of the Creditor.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for. diminishing the Fees payable, and altering the Mode of proceeding, in the Court of Record, within the Manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, the Hamfets and Liberties of the fame; And that Mv.Byng,

Mr- Solicitor General, and Mr. Alderman Wilkes, dd prepare, and bripg in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Importation to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Fla*» to consider of allowing the Importation of Flax and fcc* Flax Seed into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, navigated with Foreign Mariners, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, w hen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Gr'd accordingly reported from the said Coni* mittee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as foBoweth; viz:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Thai

i 2.8 — ^56 F 1781.

That it-is expedient to permit ttie Importation of IFlax and Max Seed into this Kingdom, in any Ship or Vessel l»eloiiging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, navigated with Foreign Mariners, during the p^sent Hostilities.

The said; Kesolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Ord and Sir do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

floufe, upon the Bill for the Regulation -bf His Majesty's Marine Forces Virile on Shore. '

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning bext, Ten bf tlte Cloek.'

_ 1 a;

LtUrtce, 2 6° die Tebrudril;

Anno 21* Georgii IIP* Regis, 1781.

Kirkcudbright

election.

Army; Mutiny and Deicrtion.

Sir Edward Afiley, from the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of John Cordon, of Kenmore, Esquire; and also the

Petition, of William Craick, of , Newell,

of Barfkeoch, John Syme, of Adam Craickx Younger, of, Arbigldnd, Patrick , of He-

ron. George Maxicell, of Carruchan, William Copland, of Collieston, Alexander Ferguson, of Craigdarroch, Captain , Thomas Goldie, of Cf'uickSir , of

Maxwellloun, Baronet, Edward Younger, of

Cairgen, AlexanderGorden, of Wellwood Mat-

te ell, of Barncleugh, Alexander Gordon, of King's-grange, William Maxwell, of Rickhorn, David Blair, of ~mbnt, Captain Adam Gordon, of Garlarg, of the 81st Foot, Mr. John Macmurdo, of Park, Factor to his Grace the Duke of Queen/buiy, Benjamin Mooilie, of Knocknar-

ling, Writer in Edinburgh, John of Nether Lag-gan. Writer in Dumfries, Robert Dalzell, of Advocate, Richard Dalzell, Younger, of Glenae, David Cairns, of Barnbarroch, John Dalyell, of Bamcrojh, Alexander Copland, of Furth Thomas Yming, of Youngfield, and James Delyell, Younger.ofBamcrojh, all Freeholders in the Stewartry of Kickcudbright-, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the ' said Stewartry, acquainted the House, That the said Corh-mittee desired Leave to adjourn till Monday next, it " Eleven of the Clock, such Adjournment being at the Requell of the Counsel, and with the Corifent of the Parties on both Sides.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave, for t)ie Special causeafligned, to adjourn till Monday next, at Eleven of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration, the Report from the Committee ' of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punching " Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, be now

Pra tit s.

THE Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the Return for the County and Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland.

Mr. Curzonpresented to the House, according to

Order, a BHI For dividing and iocloling the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of SlonOy 'Middleton, in iheCbiinty of Derby:! And the (bme was received; and read the Fil'd Time. ...»

' Rejoiced, 'Thaftlie‘ Bill be read a'Secbnd Time.

Mr. Curzon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an. Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the Road from the Tu.ru-t " pike Road near the West End of the Town of " terfteld to Matlyck Bridge; and also the Road leading " out of the said' Road, over Dartey Bridge, to Cvofs " Greenj and also the Road leading out of thelad^meH-

" jtioped Road to the Turnpike Road n^ir Rozvejtey Bridge, in the County of Derby," was committed; This^t the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to . report to the House; and he read the Report in Iris __ Place; mid afterwards delivered the Bill, with ibe Amendroepts, in at the Clerk'sTable: Where IbeAmend-ments were Once read throughout; and then a Second . TimefOneby One; and; upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply.

read. _ r, ..

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Cdih-

' mittee to the said Bill, be now read a.Second Time.

Ther said Amendments were1 accordingly severally read a Second Time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon-, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-" ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confitler further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Wavi " Resolved, T\mt this House ivill, upon Monday Morn-

and Mean*. jn£r next, resolve itself into;a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for ruiling the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Marine

Forcer.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refblft: itself into a Committee- oRthe whole

Sir John T/tofe/rf 'reported from the Committee, to Whom the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Lincoln, residing near Eau and the Ri-

ver Glen, in the PaHs of Kef even, in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined,' and "found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to rfeport the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk'sTable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr; Edward Hare being examined, said, That -he knows the River of Bourn Eau, extending from the Town of Bourn to the River Gfe»,being*of the Length of

Three Miles avftlan Half, or ' thereabouts — That great Part of it is lilted up with Mud and Sand, for 'want of being properly cleansed, inso much that it is at present scarcely navigable, and they are obliged to put on Eight Horses to draw a Chaldron and a Half of Coals in a Angle Boat upon the River — That the River Glen

- having

Orkney and Ze Nnd Election. ]

Stoney

Middleton

Inclcfur*

Chesterfield, Road*;

Bourn Bau Navigation.

Compound

Road.

Wapping

Streets.

Weston on the Green Road.

21 Geo. III. . 26° Februarii. . 229

haring been cleansed out and made deeper, draws off the Water from the Bourn Eau — That the Expence of clennling and improving the Bourn will amount

to about £ 1,100. — That a Subscription, to the Amount of £. 1 400, has already been made — That there is no

Occasion to cut through any Lands, but only to Cleanse and scour out the old Channel of the River, and to secure the Ranks — That Part of the Banks belong to Sir Gilbert Heathcote, who by the Tenure of the Lands, is

obliged to keep them in Repair, and that it has been proposed to him to put the same under the Care of the Commissioners intended to be appointed for the Preservation of the River, who are to keep them in Repair, and that he should pay to them a certain annual Sum for that Purpose; to which Proposal he has consented. And the Witness further added. That the cleaufing and improving the Navigation of the said River, will be of public Utility, as thereby a Communication will be opened with the Sea at Bojlonand at Spalding.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for improving the Navigation of the River called Bourn Eau, from the Town of Bourn to its Junction with the River Glen, at a Place called Tongue End, in the County of Lincoln: And that Sir John Thorold and Mr. Anderson Belli am do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Easterti End of the Borough in the County of Cormcall, through the Towns of Saint Aujlell and Lifwithiel, and from thence to the East End

of The Western Taphouse Lane, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Firfi Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Eastern End of the Borough of Grampound, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Saint Aujlell and Ivjlwithiel, and from thence to the East End of The Western Taphouse Lane, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir William Lemon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Byng presented to the I lcuife, according to Order a Bill for impowering the Commissioners for executing an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for opening Communications between Wapping Street and Ratcliff Highway, and between Gravel Lane and Virginia Street, and for paving certain Streets intended to be built, and also certain other Streets and publ:c Passages and Places, within the PariAns of Saint George and Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex, to pave all other Streets and public Passages and Places within the said Parish of Saint George, and also to keep in Repair the Pavements in Red Lyon Street. and Queen's Head Alley, in the said Parish of Saint John of Wapping: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejvlved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. P°Sereported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from a certain Gate on the Turnpike Road at or near the South Enel of l be Town of Weston on the Green, in the County of 0,r/iW,to the Turnpike Road on the said County, >vas committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Vol. 38.

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, we.T agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hugh Scott reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Deanburn Bridge, through Greenlaw and Part of the Jedburgh Road by Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to " Cornhill, in the County of Durham; and for building

" a Bridge over the Tweed near ," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Kent and Essex, purchased in pursuance of Two several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majest, for securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Sheeme/s and Chatham, and for better defending the Passage of the River Thames at and

Tilbury Fort, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn!* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds witbirt the Manor and Parrfti of Dilbrn, otherwise Dilhome, in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of DiUorn otherwise Dilhorne, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That the Lord Lnoisham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for rendering effectual an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Stow, in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Sir Charlis

Bunbury, Mr. Moyfey, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, of the County Palatine of Chester, whose Names are there-

unto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them.

Deanhara

Bridge

Hoads.

Dock Yards; Piirchale of Lands, Stc.

Dilhome

inclosorc-

Stow Poor.

Wilmslow

Bridge

lload.

Siordet's

&c.

Nat.

Chafleaud'f

Nat.

Kirkcudbright

Ele&ioi.

230 26° Februarii.A. 1781.

to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Copeland being examined, said, That be knows the Roads leading from the South End of . Bridge, in the Parish of Wilmslow, through Nether derley, Capejlhome, Siddington, Marlon, the Town of

Congieton, and also through Af bury, to or near The Red Bull in Church Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester; that the same are very ruinous and bad, and in some Places very narrow and founderous, to the great Inconvenience and Danger of Persons travelling the same; and that the same cannot be sufficiently altered, widened, amended, and kept in Repair, by the present Methods provided by Law — That the repairing and widening the said Roads will be of public Utility; which cannot be properly effected, without a certai nLane cal led Wrag's Lane, leadingto Congieton, belhut up, in order to preventevading the Tolls. And the Witness further said, That the neighbouring Inhabitants have no Objection to the {hutting up the said Lane, and that it would be no Inconvenienceto the Public, as it leads to the same Place the intended Turnpike Road leads.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Wilmslow Bridge, in Wilmslow, in the County of , through Nether Alderley and the Town of Congieton, to or near The Red Bull in Church Lawton, in the said County: And that Mr. Crewe and Mr. Grosvenor do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lord, intituled, An Act for naturalizing James Mary Siordet and John Lewis llooffstetter, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Moyfey, Mr. de Grey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter ChaJJeaui, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Moyfey, Mr. Dodd, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Edwdrd AJlley reported from the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petit ion of John Gordon, of Kenmore, Esquire; and also the Petition of William Craick, of Arbigland, John Newall,

of Barjkeoch, John Syme, ofMeckleCulluch, Adam Craick, Younger, of Arbigland, Patrick Heron, of Heron, George Maxwell, of Carruchan, William Copland, of Collicflon, Alexander Ferguson, of Craigdarroch, Captain Thomas Goldie, of Cruicks, Sir Robert Laurie, of Baronet, Edward Maxwell, Y ounger, of der Gordon, of Culvennan, W of Barn-cleugh, AlexanderGordon, ofKing's-grange, WillinmMax-wellof Rickhom, David Blair of Belltenmont, Captain Adam Gordon, of Garlarg, of the 8tft Foot, Mr. John Macmurdo, of Park, Factor to his Grace the Duke of QueenJberry, BenjammMoodie, oi Knoc knar ling, Vi riter in Edinburgh, John Clark, of Nether laggan, Writer in Dumfries, Robert Dalzell, of , Advocate,

Richard Dalzell, Younger, of Glenae, David Cairns, of Barnbarroch, John Daly ell, of Bumcrojh, Alexander Copland, of Furthhead, Thomas Young, of and

James Dalyell, Youngeu, of B all Freeholders in

the Stewartry of Kircudbright i severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Stewartry; That the said Committee met this Day at Eleven of the Clock, pursuant to their Adjournment of Friday last, and James Dutton, Esquire (One of the Members of the said Committee) not attending, the Committee continued to fit for One hour, and then adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

And Sir Edward Aflley informed the House, That he had received a Letter from the said Mr. Dutton, acquainting him that he was very much indisposed, and unable to attend the said Committee; and that, in consequenceof the said Letter, he hail visited Mr. Dutton this Morning, and found him ill with a Fit of the Gout.

Ordered, That the said James Dutton, Esquire, be discharged from any further Attendance on the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do proceed. Tomorrow Morning, pursuant to their Ad jour nment, in the Consideration of the said Petitions, notwithstanding the Absence of the said Mr. Dutton.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill to enable all Persons, named in any Commission of the Peace, to act as Justices of the Peace in the Suppression of Riots and Tumults, notwithstanding the y have not taken out their Dedimus Potejtatem, and for enabling such Justices of the Peace to take the Oath of Qualification in the Manner therein directed, be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Lawley have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to permit the Importation of Flax and Flax Seed into this Kingdom, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, navigated with Foreign Mariners, during the present Hostilities: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Reverend Richard Bawden, Clerk, on Behalf of himself and the several acting Commissioners appointed to carry into Execution several Acts for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of Southmoltonin the County of Devon, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That on the 17th of November last, the Petitioners presented a Petition to the House, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and the same was referred to a Committee; and that on the Second of this Instant February, a Petition was also presented from John Sharland, of in

the said County of Devon, Gentleman, praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Petition; which was referred to the said Committee, with Liberty to be heard by Counsel, as desired; and that the Petitioners are advised it will be necessary for them to be heard by Counsel, in support of their said Petition: And therefore praying. That they may be permitted to have Counsel to appear on their Behalf before the Committee, to whom the said Petitions are referred.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to carry into Execution several Acts for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of in the County of Devon, is referred. That they do admit Counsel to be heard in Support of the Allegations contained in the said Petition.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the better Regulation of His Majesty's Civil Establishments, and of certain Public Offices; for the Limitation of Pensions, and the Sup-

frefiion of sundry useless, expensive, and inconvenient laces, and for applying the Monies saved thereby, to the Public Service;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time; The House was ihoved, That the Entries in the Jour-

nal

Justiers of Peace to act in suppressing Riots*

Leave of Absence*

Imports* ion of Fl-uc, 4 c.

Southmoltom Roads; Conduct of Mr.blaiUndL-

Regulating His Majesty *s Civil BftablUhments.

a i Geo. III.

n&l of the House, of the 6th Day of April 1780, of the Resolutions, " That it is necessary to declare, that the " Influence of the Crown has increased, is increasing, " and ought to be diminishedand also, " That it is " competent to this House, to examine into, and to " correct Abuses in, the Expenditure of the Civil List " Revenues, as well as in every other Branch of the " Public Revenue, whenever it shall appear expedient " to the Wisdom of this House, so to do;" and also, " That it is the Duty of this House, to provide, as far " as may be, an immediate and effectual Redress of the " Abuses complained of in the Petitions presented to " this House, from the different Counties, Cities, and " Towns of this Kingdom," might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

Then the Question being put; That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

'"AeYea} .9*

Tellers for the Noes,| g^.r Grq Cooper:J *3J-

So it paSTed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Tine upon this Day Six Months.

The other Orders of the Day being read; *

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

w»v* Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday ad Maas. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn* forces, ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,. upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 2 70 die;

Ant\o.2i* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1781.

P r a y e ft s.

Shfitftnry HT^HE Hour appointed for taking into Considera-Ekdion. X tion the Petition of Sir George , Knight, and Hans Winlrop Mortimer, Esquire; and also the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Shaft'.on, otherwise Shaftesbury, complaining of au undue Ejection and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And lie went accordingly.

Aud being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Nineteen Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk

: Voc. 38.

231 *

was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration. '

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glades, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Name of William Ewer, Esquire, being drawn,

he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; and having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Thirty Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of William Chaytor, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Sitting Members, and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Nine other Members, then pre* dent, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of John Parry, Esquire, being drawn, lie was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioners, and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Ten other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the find Names, the Names of Thirty-eight other Mens-bers, then present, were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Three, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; Twelve, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; One, on Account of his being a Petitioner to this House, complaining of an undue Election and Heturn;

Seventeen, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees; and Five, on Account of their having already in this Session of Parliament served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete. Lists of the said Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened; -

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Morjhead have Leave to go into Leare the Country, for a Month, on his private Affairs. of Absence.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben have Leave to go Ditto, into the Country, for a Week, on his private Affairs.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hett and Mr.

Bicknell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lotds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Smvth'a for naturalizing Dame Charlotte Sophia Smyth, Wife of Na<.

Sir Robert Smyth, Baronet; and for qualifying and enabling her to hold and enjoy a Rent Charge, limited to her upon her Marriage, in the Name of her Jointure; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir George Shuckbuigh reported from the Committee, Leicester. to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Warwick^ an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending,

" widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads " therein mentioned, lying in the Counties of Leicester and Warwick, and in the County of the City of Co~

" ventry,"was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame

26° — 270 Februarii.

Deanburn

Bridge

Roads.

Inclosure

Bills.

Regulations

respecting

Roads.

232 2 70 Februarii. 1781.

fam* to be title ;'and that the Cotmhit£fe4h«fl £one through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunt6; which they bald directed him to report to the Hotife; and he read the Report in hrs Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at thb Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally pnt thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered That the Bill With the Amendments, b± ingrossed. i <

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Tferm and Pervert M sta Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Ronds from " Deanbum Bridge, through and Part of the

Jedburgh Roach by Lauder, in she Shire of Berwick, " to Comhill in the County of and for builds-

iflg a Bridge over the Tweedi ntear was

read the Third Time. '

Refoboed, That the Bill do pass i And that the Title

be. An Act for Enlarging the Term and Powers of fi> much ofah Act; made in the Thirty-third' Yeardf the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second^ as relates ttt repairing And. Widening the Roads from Diban-bum Bridge, through Greeniaravni Part of the Jed-iburghRozul, by Lauder, in the Shite of Berwick, to Corn-dull in the County of Durham.

Ordered, That Mr/ Hugh Scott do carry the Bill to

the Lords* and desire their Concurrence.

fdns for further Allowance dfTime, not exceeding One other Year, tinder certain Penalties to be specified in the said Bills respectively.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon To- Morrow Fortnight, the 14 th Day of March next.

An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reigtt of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road near the West End of the Toivji " of Chesterfield to Matlock and also the Road

" leading out of the said Road over Bridge to

" CroJ's Green-, and also the Road leading out of the

fC Ihft-rrteritiooed Road to the Turnpike Road near " Rozoejlcy Bridge, in the County of Derby," was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made mi the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, '* An Act for repairing and Widening the Road from " the Turnpike Road near the West End of the Town " of Chyfteifleld to, Matlock; and also the Road

" leading out of the said Road over Darley Bridge to " Cross Green-, and also the Road leading out of the " last-mentioned Road to the Turnpike Road near * Rowejbey Bridge, in the County of Derby"

Ordered, That Mr. Curzon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence-

Chesterfield,

4c.

Roidi.

1

1

Si r William Doibeu reported from the Committee, who were appdinted to Cdrifider of proper Regulations to be inserted in Bills for inhloling Landsor Commons, with -respect to the making, and keeping in Repair, the Roads in such Inclosnres; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House; That the Committee had considered the Matter to them deferred; and had come *to several Resolutions thereupon; which they had di-irested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Plaee; and afterwards delivered it in at <the Clierk's Table: Where the same was read; fend the Resolutions of the Committee are as followed); viz.

\ Resolved, That it is the Opinion of the Committee, That, in all Bills for inclosing Lands, br Commons, Provision he made for Fencing out all the public Roads on each Side front the Lands adjoining, and from preventing any Gate from being erected across any of the said Roads, or Trees being planted on either Side of the said public Roads nearer to each other than within the Distance of Fifty Yards.

Refilled, That it is the Opinion Of this Committee, That, in all Bills for inclosing Lands or Commons, Provisions be made for impowering and requiring the Commissioners named in such Bills* to appoint One or more Surveyor, or Surveyors, with a Salary., for the first forming, and also putting into good and sufficient Repair, such public Roads; and for defraying the Expence of such Forming and Repair which shall be incurred over and above the Statute Duty, either by Safe of a sufficient. Portion of the said Lands, or by a Rate upon the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands so inclosed, within the said Parish, and for preventing any other Charge or Burthen being laid on the Inhabitants, not being Owners or Proprietors of Lands, towards the first forming, making, and repairing the said Roads, than the Statute Duty, until the same shall, by the said Commissioners, cr the said Surveyor or Surveyors, oil Oath before the Juliices at their Quarter Session for the County in which such Parish shall lie, be declared to be completely formed and made good; which Oath the said Commissioners, or the said Surveyor or Surveyors, shall be obliged to make before the said Juliices within Two Years after the Award, or give sufficient Rea-

... 2*

The House being informed that Mr. from Administntwo

the Office of the Earl of HiUfiorough His Majesty's of^S.‘a Principal Secretary of State for the Southern Depart-tnent, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, prefertted to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Copies of Papers tnansmitted to His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Southern Department, by Sir Elijah Impey, with his Letters of 2d and 3d March, and 12th March 1780; viz.

N° 1. Duplicate, of a Letter from Sir Elijah Impey to Lord Viscount Weymouth, dated Fort William, 2d and 3d March 1780: And also,

K* 2. Translation of the PersianPaper: And also,

N° 3. Mr. Hafiings's Letter to Sir Elijah Impey And also,

N° 4. Attornies Address; And also,

N° 5. Letter from the Sheriff to Mr. Pearce: And also,

N° 6. Court of Pleas 2d Term 177ft, Plaintiff, verfusRadaki/Jen and Chomroo Metre Defendant,

Affidavit filed 11 June 177b: and also,

N° 7. Coffmaut Baboo versus Rajah Soondemarain And also,

N° 8. Report of the Advocate General in the Cause CoMnaut versus the Zemindars of And

also,

N° 9. Court of -Pleas, Rufjick Doss versus darRmj: And also,

N° 10. Coffmaut Baboo versus Rajah Soondemarain,

Affidavit of Alexander McCormack: And also,

N° 11. Cajjinaut Doobee versus Ramkijfire Sarmor a.

Affidavits: And also,

N° 12. Court of Pleas, Soorgenerain Roy versus Lucky-narain Chowdry and Notro Chowdry, Affidavit: Aud also,

N® i3.Extract-of Thomas Short's Letter from Cojfm-buzar, 29 December 1779: And also,

N° 14. Sir Elijah Impey's Letter to Mr. Hq/lings,

9 January 1780; And-also,

N° 15. Coffmaut Baboo versus Rajah Soondemarain,

Affidavit of Kundoor am, and others: And also,

M®‘i6.

21 Geo. III.

N° 16. Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Thomas Short,

14 th January, 1780: Ami also,

N° 17. Return and Schedule, Cojfmaut Baboo versus Rajah Soondemarain: And also,

N° 18. Coffinaut Baboo versus Rajah Soondemarain, Affidavit of Choiton Byfack and Bonnagee:

And also,

N° 19. Court of Pleas, Coffinaut Baboo versus Rajah Soondemarain, Affidavit of K Sircar: And also,

N® 20. Supreme Court, Coffinaut Baboo and Soondemarain, Affidavit of William Saunders: And also,

N® 21. Supreme Court, Coffinaut Baboo versus Rajah Soondemarain: And also,

N® 22. Supreme Court, &c.

Rajah Soondemarain, Affidavit William Lewin: And

also,

N* 23. Court of Pleas, Coffinaut Baboo versus Rajah Soondemarain, Affidavit of liyderam Bonnagee: And also,

N® 24. Supreme Court, &c. Coffinaut Baboo versus Rajah Soondemarain, Affidavit of William Findley: And also,

N® 25, Supreme Court, Crown Side, Rex versus Naylor. Rule Niff: And also,

N® 26. Rex versus Sivainston and Bomfort. Rule Niff for Attachments: And also,

N® 27. Copy of a Letter from Alexander Van tell, Esquire, to the honourable Warren Hajlings, Governor General, dated Calcutta, igth 1780:

And also,

N® 28. Rex versus Rajah Bodenaut. Rule Nijifor an Attachment: And also,

N® 29 Court of Pleas, Coffinaut Doobee versus kiffore Surmono, Capias and Return: And also,

N® 30. Supreme Court, Ccfjinaut Doobee versus kiffore Surmono, Affidavit of Roy an Cawn and:

And also,

N® 31. Supreme Court, Cr-fiinaut Doobee versus Ram-kiffore Surmono, Affidavit of Royan and:

And also,

N® 32. ill Term 1780, Soorgenarain Chowdry versus Lxtckynarain Chowdry and Nokoo Chowdry, Affidavit for Attachment: And also,

N® 33. Crown Side, Rex versus North Naylor, Affidavit of North Naylor: And also,

N® 34. Crown Side, Rex versus William Affidavit of William SwainjlonAnd also,

N° 35. Rex versus Sxoainston and Bomfort, Affidavit of Harry Stark: And also,

N® 36. Court of Pleas, Soorgenarain versus Luckynarain Chowdry and NokoCopy of Capias

and Return: And also,

N® 37. Rex versus Swainston and Bomfort. Rule to enlarge Rule Niff. till ift March 1780, as to Bomfort: And also,

N® 38. Court of Pleas, Doss versus Saum-

chunder Roy. Affidavit: And also,

N® 39. Court of Pleas, Ruffick Doss versus Saumchun-der Roy. Copy of Capias and Return: And also,

N® 40. Copy of a Letter from Sir Elijah Impcy to Lord Viscount Weymouth, 12th March 1780, inclosing N0 41. Record. Copy.

N® 42. Copy of Mr. Newman's Letter.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Select Committee, to whom the Petition of John Touchet and John Irving., Agents for the British Subjects residing in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and and

their several Dependencies, whose Names are subscribed to the Petition thereinafter set forth; and also the Petition of Warren Makings, Esquire, Governor General, and of Philip Francis and Edward Wheler, Esquires, Vot. 38.

233

Courifellors for the Government of tho Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, are referred.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Elwes, from the Select Committee, who were ap- Coventry pointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition Election, of Edward Roe Yeo, Esquire, and John Lord Sheffield of the Kingdom of Ireland; and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, being Freemen of the City of Coventry, and Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City; and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being entituled to the Freedom of the City of and to vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City; severally complaining of an Undue Election and Return for the said City, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That Sir Thomas tiallifax, Knight, is not duly selected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for thri City of Coventry, in the County of Warwick:

And also, That the said Committee have determined.

That Thomas Rogers, Esquire; is riot duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City of Coventry:

And also, That the said Committee havedetermined.

That Edward Roe Yeo Esquire, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City of Coventry:

And also. That the said Committee have determined,

' That the said Edward Roe Yeo, Esquire, is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City of Coventiy:

And also. That the said Committee have determined,

That John Lord Sheffield in the Kingdom of Ireland, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City of Coventry:

And also, That the said Committee have determined,

That the said John Lord Sheffield in the Kingdom of Ireland, is duly elected aCitizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City of Coventry.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, immediately, with the last Return for the City of Coventiy, and amend the fame, by rafing out the Names of Sir Thomas Knight, and

Thomas Rogers, Esquire, and inserting the Names of Edward Roe Yeo, Esquire, and John Lord Sheffield in the Kingdom of Ireland, instead thereof.

And the Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the said Return accordingly.

Mr. Elwes also reported from the said Select Committee, That it having appeared, that much Partiality and Fraud was used in the Admission of Persons to the Freedom of the City of Coventry during the lad Election in that City, the Committee are of Opinion, that it would be expedient, in order to prevent the like fraudulent Practice for the future, that a Bill should be brought in for that Purpose; and had come to a Resolution thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and the Resolution of the Committee is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Chairman be directed to move the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for the better regulating Elections of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of Coventry, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further 3 O Consideration

2 70 Februarii,

234 2?° — 28° Februarii. A. 1781.

Consideration upon Tomorrow Sevennight,' the 7th

Day of March next. , 28*

The other Order of the Day being read;

Marine The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Force*, whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That tire Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Shaftrtbury The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being Election. again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Selefit Committee, delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, wlzich had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned Lift the Names of William Chay for and John , Esquires, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

John Calvert., Junior, Esquire, Sir Thomas Gascoyne, Baronet, Sir Walter Rawlin/bnEliab , Esquire, WilfonBraddyll, Esquire, George , Esquire, the

honourable Thomas Pel, Richard Hill, Esquire, Sir Michael le Fleming, Baronet, George. , Esquire, William Wilberforce, Esquire, Arthur Esquire, John Lowther, Esquire, William Chaytor, Esquire, John Parry, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Sir George Collier, Knight, and Hans Esquire; and also, the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Borough of , otherwise Shaftesbury,

now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Third Committee Chamber appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Mariners and Mr. Stephens presented to the House, according to Seamen. Order, a Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships' and other Trading Ships and Vessels: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly:

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Eof Seamen'1' Mr. Stephens presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty's Navy: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly:

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Anno 2i° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considera- Lyme Re$i, tion the Petition of Hemy Esquire, and

Lionel Darell the Younger, Esquire; and also the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names ,are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitant Freemen and Inhabitant Freeholders of and in the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County oiJDjorfet, having a Right to vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Btifi-ness of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Thirty-six Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glaftes; and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the I louse.

And the Names of Forty-one Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of liamber Gascoyne, Senior, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Sitting Members, and his Name was set alide.

And the Names of Eight other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Twenty-six other Members, then prefen t, were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House; One, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age or upwards, which he had before verified upon Oath; Seven, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; Seventeen, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees; and One, on Account of his having already, in tbisSeftion of Parliament, served on a Select Committee.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete, the Counsel for the Petitioners named Sir George Yonge, Baronet, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Members were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents 011 both Sides withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill for repairing and widening the Werton on Road from a certain Gate on the Turnpike Road, at ttp_^en or near the South End of the Town of Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road on Kidlington Greent in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Rsfalvid,

28° Februarii.

11 Geo. III.

*35

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from a certain Gate on the Turnpike Road, at or near the South End of the Town of Wesion on Green, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road on Kidlington Green, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Page do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Army; An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and -Defer-Motiny and tion, and for the better Payment of the Army and Deteruoo. their Quarters, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for fixing the Commencement of the Bill in Gibraltar and Minorca.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of t he Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And That the Title be, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence;

Wdfwood

Gate

Road*

M r. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from Wejhooood , in the Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, through the Towns of Ru/hdenand Iiigham Ferrers, and over Artleborough Bridge, to the Turnpike Road in Barton Seagrave Lane, in the Parish of Barton Sea~ grave, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the BiH, and made fevered Amendments thereunto; which they haddirested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, With the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Watkin Williams Wynn reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Town of Denbigh, to the Town of SaintAJ'aph, and from thence to the Town

and Port of Rulhland, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint; and for repealing an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as the same relates to the said Road, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to! report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Wancick Bampfylde reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Modbury, through the Town Vol.. ^5.

of Plympton, to the North End of Lincolta Lane, in the County of Devon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haddirested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Robert Smyth reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for cleansing and making navigable the Channel from The Hythe at Colchester, in the County of Fff'ex, to Wivenhoe, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Borough and Towns adjacent, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relating to Navigation Bills, it not being proposed to extend the Navigation, or to raise any further Sum of Money for that Purpose 5 and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read: and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts, passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of William the Third, the Fifth of George the First, and the Thirteenth and Twenty-third Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, for cleansing and making navigable the Channel from The Hythe at Colchester to Wivenhoe, in the Coouty of Essex; and for repairing the Streets of Colchester, and cleansing the fame, were read; whereby it appeared, that a Duty of Six Pence the Chaldron upon Sea Coals, was laid for a Term which will expire at the End of the present Session of Parliament, and that the Monies to arise therefrom were to be from Time to Time applied for the above mentioned Purposes.

Mr. William Phillips being examined, said, That unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, the said Navigation must be ruined, as Shoals are continually forming the rein, which cannot be removed vithout a very considerable Expence.

That the Streets and Lanes of the said Town of Colchester cannot be kept in Repair, unless some further Powers be given for that Purpose.

That it would be a great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and to the Public, if Provision was made for lighting and regulating the Streets, Lanes, and other Places therein, altering the Spouts, and removing Annoyances.

Mr. William Mason being examined, confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and making more effectual several Acts of Parliament, passed for cleansing and making navigable the Channel from The Hythe at Colchester, to Wivenhoe, in the County of Essex; and for repairing and cleansing the Streets of the Town of Colchester, and also for lighting the Streets and Lanes, and for preventing Annoyances, in the said Town: And that Sir and

Mr. Rebow Martin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir James Tylney Long-reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and other the Inhabitants, of the Borough of Devizes, in the County of Wilts, was referred; That the Committee

had

Colchester Streets, &c.

Devize*

Street*.

BcfTblfleigh,

&c.

Roads.

13 6 18° Februarii. A. 1781.

had examined the Mattel' of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition* Charles Garth, Esquire, being examined, said, That the said Town of Devizes hath a very considerable Market, and being in the High Road from London to is a great Thoroughfare — That the principal Streets therein cannot be kept in good and sufficient Repair, by Reason of the Number of heavy Carriages, passing through them, unless some better Provision be made for that Purpose, than the Laws in being furnish; — -That it would be a great Convenience and Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and all Persons resorting to or passing through the fame, if Provision were made by Means of a Toll on Cattle and Carriages entering the said Town on S, and by adequate Rates on the Houses and Estates within the Borough, for paving, amending, and keeping in Repair, the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the said Borough; for lighting, watching, cleansing, and regulating the same; for removing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions, at present subsisting the rein, and for preventing the like for the future.

Ambrose Audrey, Esquire, being examined, confirmed the whole of the foregoing. Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, regulating, cleansing, lighting, watching, and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the Borough of Devizes, in the County of , and for preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein: And that Sir James Tylney Long and Mr. Jones do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants, refuting in or near the Town of Wantage, in the County of Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Beffcl-Jleigh, through Wantage, to Hungerford, in the County of Berks, ami from Wantage to Marlborough in the County of Wilts, and from the Turnpike Road between Reading and Wallingford, through Halfpenny Lane, to The Old Red House upon Wantage Downs, and from thence to Lambotirn, in the said County of Berks; and for amending the Road through Fidgeon Lane, instead of the said Road through Halfpenny Lane;and setting forth. That in the said Bill Power is given to the Trustees to amend and widen a certain Lane called Fidgeon Lane, in the Parish of Wantage, and close adjoining upon the Town of Wantage and representing to the House, that Fidgeon Lane is in as good Condition as any Turnpike Road in that Neighbourhood, and the Statute Work is sufficient to keep it in proper and complete Repair; and that by including the said Lane under the Power of the Trustees for executing the said Acts, the Inhabitants of Wantage will be obliged to pay Toll, though they only pass along the said Lane for a final! Distance, and the Lane itself is, in its present Situation, sufficiently convenient for the Passage of Cattle and Carriages to and from tage; and that as the Petitioners will receive no Benefit' by the intended Bill, they trust they ilia.ll not be burthened with a Toll for repairing and widening a Road lor which the Statute Work is fully sufficient: And therefore praying. That they may be heard by them-lelves or Counsel, against such Parts of the Bill as affect the Petitioners, and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the Houselhall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill

20

is committed; and that thb Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition;

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill to permit the Importation of Flax and Flax Seed into this. Kingdom, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, navigated with Foreign Mariners, during the present Hostilities, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces, while on Shore, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's 'l'able t Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon tire Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill 'for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty's Navy, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Clrnir of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That, they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was di reeled by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Jlefolved,

Impotoricu of Flai^ &c.

Marine Forces.

Mariners am

Seamen.

Enccnirifemo

of Seamen.

Ways and Meat*

21 Geo. III.

28° Februdrti — i* Martii.

231

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for . railing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Lrnne Regis The Connfel and Agents before-mentioned being

&«Uou. again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been ft ruck by the said Connfel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which lalbmentioned Lift, the Names of BamberGafco Senior, Esquire, and Sir George Yonge, Baronet, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Frederick Montagu, Esqu ire, Esquire,

George Graham, Esquire, Esquire, Sir Charlton Ixighton, Baronet, Thomas Esquire, Thomas Johnes, Esquire, Philip Yorke, of

Esquire, Anthony Eyre, Esquire, George

nell, Esquire, Char-js Penruddock, Esquire, Robert,

Esquire, John Bond, Esquire, Bamber Senior,

Esquire, Sir George Yonge, Baronet.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Henry Harford, Esquire, and Lionel Darell the Younger, Esquire; and also the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitant Freemen and Inhabitant Freeholders of and in the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dor-

set, having a Right to vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet 1 forthwith in the Exchequer Chamber in Westminster Hall. '

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the Hou fe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, i° die Martii;

Anno 210 Georgii IIIdi Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

SI It Robert Smyth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and making more effectual several Aids of Parliament, parted for cleansing and making navigable the Channel from the Hythe at Colcheft'er lo Wivenhoe, in the county of ; and for repairing and cleansing the Streets of the Town of Colcliefter; and also for lighting the Streets and Lanes, and for preventing Annoyances, in the said Town: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

hir;o( ? Ordered, That Mr. Ahave Leave to go into Absence. the Country, for a Month, on his private Affairs.

West Halton luclosure.

Cckhester

itrfeti,

1 &c.

Ways and Mr. Old, according to Order, reported from the Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Refo-Vql. 3S.

lution which the Committee had directed 1pm to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Charge of the Pav and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, Upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Ord and Sir Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing and improving certain Lands and Grounds within the Township of -

*o«,in the Parish of Long Preflotl, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Bill was not within the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, the Lands comprised in the Bill being the Property of One Person only; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Party concerned had given his Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Charles Gould reported from the Committee, to March and whom the Petition of several of the Owners and Pro- Wtmbiingtoa prietors of Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying within M,naSe* certain Boundaries called The Fourth mentioned and described in and by an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the Townships or Hamlets of March and " WimbUngton, and in the Parish of Uptoell, in the Kle " of Ely, and County of Cambridge," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774 relative to Drainage Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; by which the Lands in the Fourth District are charged with an Acre Rate of Two Shillings, and Power is given to borrow £. 3,500 upon the Credit thereof.

Then Mr. Robert HutchinsLewen being examined, said, That the Sum of £. 3,300 has been borrowed, which now remains due; and that there is now due and owing to the Tradesmen employed by the Commissioners for the Works done by them, the Sum 706, and upwards — That the draining the said Lands has proved very beneficial to the Parties interested — That the main-

3 P turning

238 \° Martii. . 1781.

tabling and supporting the Banks is very expensive — That the present Income is not sufficient todo the Works of the Drainage, and to pay the Interest; and that to perform the lame, it is necessary to make a further Kate; and that the Act is defective in many Instances, and some further Powers are necessary to enable the Commissioners to put the same into more effectual Execution.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act ford raining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, " and Commons, in the Townships or Hamlets of " March and IVimblington, and in the Parish of '* in the Isle of Ely and County of ," so far

as the same relates to the several Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the Fourth District in the said Act described: And that Sir Charles and Mr.

Yorke of Cambridgeshiredo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Petition The House was moved. That the Order, made upon respecting Friday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Corn-

Smuggling. mjttee Qf t|ie whole House, upon Monday next, to consider of the Petition of the Owners of Ships belonging to, and trading from, the Port of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, residing on Shore, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 15th Day of this Inilant March, resolve itself into the said Committee.

DockYards; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Purchase j Ioufe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole s' House, upon the Bill for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Kent and Effet, purchased in pursuance of Two several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Sheerness and Chatham, and for better defending the Passage of the River Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

'i'll* I Ioufe resolved itself into the said Committee. '

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Cocks took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Cocks reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made severalAmend-ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Modbury An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and alter-through ing and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Pivmpton Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty 01 King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Modbury, through the Town of Plympton, to the North End of Lincotta in the County of

Devon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Modbury, through the Town of to the

North End of Lincotta Lane, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

€o»mUEotifrv The Order of the Day being read, for the House to 24

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty,

" by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Eighty-one;"

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee. |

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Impomioa to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of FUx, upon the Bill to permit the Importation of Flax and Flax Seed into this Kingdom, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, navigated with Foreign Mariners, during the present Hostilities, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Mariner* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Scam« upon the Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committ.ee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Eocoumgemn to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Seamen, upon the Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for themore speedy and effectual ManningHis Majesty's Navy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to enable all Persons, named in any Commission of the Peace, to a ft as Justices of the Peace in the Suppression of Riots and Tumults, notwithstanding the y have not taken out their 'Dedimus Potejtatem ;and for enabling Rich Justices of the Peace to take the Oath of Qualification in the Manner therein directed;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable certain Persons, named in any Couimiftion of the Peace, to act as Justices of the Peace in the Suppression of Riots and Tumults, notwithstanding the y have not taken out their Dedimus Potestatem. *

Ordered, That Mr. Minchin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Justices of Peace to act in suppressing

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert have Leave to go into the Leave Country, for the Recovery of his Health. of Absence

Ordered

21 Geo. III. j 0 — 2* Martii. 239

Marine Ordered, That Mr. Stephens have Leave to make a

Force*. Motion, it being after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingossed Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Members Sir Philip Jennings Clerkpresented to the House, ac-

concenied cor,l'n" to Order, a Bill for restraining any Person, be-in Contrails, ing a Member of the House of Commons, from being concerned himself, orany Person in Trust for him, in any Contract nyule by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, the Commissioners of the Navy, the Board of Ordnance, or by any other Person or Persons, for the Public Service, unless the said Contract shall be made at a public Bidding: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Sir Philip Jennings Clerke have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly*

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Hefulved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Bhtkford Ordered, That Sir John Trevelyan have Leave to make

ludoiuie. a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly:

And the Order, made upon the ift Day of February last, for referring the Petition of the Governors, Masters, "Poor Men, and Poor Women, in and of the Hospital of Hugh Sexey, Esquire, in in the County of

Somerset, Lords of the Manor of Blackford, in the Parish of Wedmore, in the County aforesaid, and of Edward Phelips, John Pigol, John Hunt, Esquires, Sir Charles KemysTynte, Baronet, Henry William Por (man, Thomas Coward, Henry Hoare, Thomas Horner, William Pvovis, Edward Phelips the Younger, and John Old Goodford, Esquires, all of the said County of Somerset, Overseers and Visitors of the said Hospital, and of the Possessions, Rents, Revenues, and Estates thereof, and also of Edmund Bowie, Edward Champevny, Philip Chapman, and several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having Right of Common upon the Moors or Commons thereunder described, to the Consideration of a Committee, being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Trevelyan and Mr. Rolle do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Account The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from of Tobacco the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; imported. j,e was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Tobacco imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from any of the Islands in The West Indies, from the 5th of

ary 1780 to the 5th of 1781, which is as far

as the same can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other t Papers of this Session.

And then the ftoufe adjourned till To-mortow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vo I, 38.

Vinerts, 2° die Martii;

Anno 21° Georgii IIIth Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considera- Berwick tion the Petition of Sir John Paterjon, of Eccles, Election, Baronet, complaining of an undue Elettion and Return for the County of Berwick, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Nine Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glafies, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Forty Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Lord Sheffield being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, and his Name was set aside.

' And the Names of Nineother Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said , Names, the Names of Thirty-one other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Three, on Account of their being Sixty years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; Ten, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; One, on Account of his being a Petitioner to this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return; Eleven, \ on Account of their then serving on Select Committees; Four, on Account of their having already in this Session of Parliament served on Select Committees; and Two, on Account of their halving voted at the said Election.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete, the Counsel for the Petitioner named George Onslow,. Esquire, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides, withdrew.

Sir Edward Afiley reported from the Select Commit- Kirkcudbritt>: tee, appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Elc&ioa. Petition of John Gordon, 0 (Kenmore, Esquire; and also' the Petition of William Craick, of Arbi gland, John NewalLof Barfkeoch, John Syme, of Meckle Culloch,

Adam Craick, Younger, of Arbigland, Patrick Heron, of Heron, George itlaiwellof Carruchan, William Cop-

land,

240 2° Martii. A. 1781.

land, of Colliefion, Alexander Ferguson, of Craigdarroch, enable the Trustees for repairing the Road from Hert-Captain Thomas Goldie, of Cruicks, Sir Robert Laurie, ford Bridge Hill to the several Towns of and of Maxwelltoun, Baronet, Edioard Maxwell, You nger, of in the County of Southampton, to repair and

Cairgen, AlexanderGordon, ofCulvcnnan, IFellwoodMax- widen the Road branching out of the said Road to tcell. of Barncleugh, Alexander Gordon, ofKing's-grange, at or near a certain new-erected Bridge at

William Maxwell, of Rick). torn, David Blair, of Bellien- and extending to the South End

mont. Captain Adam Gordon, of Garlarg, of the 81st warmborough Lane, near to the said Town o Foot, Mr. John Mucmurdo, of Park, Factor to his And that Mr. and Mr. Tlujllethzvuyie <lo pre-

Grace the Duke of Queenjbeny, Benjamin Moodie, of pare, and bring in, the fame.

Knocknarling, Writer in Edinburgh, John Clark, of Net lied Laggan, Writer in Dumfries, Robert Dalzell, of Sir Joseph reported from the Committee, to

Ballingale, Advocate, Richard Da/xc//, Younger, of Gle- whom the Petition of several of the Tniftees for putting

nae, David Cairns, ofBarnbarroch, John Dalyell, of Barn- in Execution Two Aids of Parliament, made in the cro/h, Alexander Copland, of Furthhead, Thomas Young, Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, of Young field, and James Daly ell, Younger, of Barncrojh, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of Mis present Ma-

all Freeholders in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright-,feve- jesty, for opening and making a new Road from the

rally complaining of an undue Election and Return for East End of New Street, in the Parish of Saint John, the said Stewartry; That the said Committee met this Southwark, to and through the several Places therein Morning at Ten of the Clock, pursuant to their Ad- mentioned, and for keeping the said Road in Repair for journment, and proceeded in the Hearing of the Mat- the future, and for repairing several other Roads adjoiu-ters of the said Petitions, until an Account being ing thereto, was referred; That the Committee had brought to Mr. Neville, One of the Members of the said examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had Committee, of the dangerous Illness of a very near directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to Relation, whom he was obliged immediately to attend, /them, to the House; and he read the Report in his the said Committee adjourned till To-morr-ow Morning, Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Eleven of the Clock. Table: Where the same was read; and is as fol-

Ordered, That the said Select Committee have Leave Joweth; viz. to proceed, Tomorrow Morning, pursuant to their To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Adjournment, although the said Mr. Neville should not said Acts, and also several Acts, palfed in the Fourth theifbe able to attend. and Sixth Years of King George the First, and the Ele-

venth and Twenty-fourth Years of King George the Se-ttertfoi<05ridge Mr. Jervoise reported from the Committee, to whom cond, for repairing several Roads from The Stone's End the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are in Kent Street and Street, Southwark, to

03 ' thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed forput- and to the Extent of the Parish of

ting in F.xecution Three several Acts of Parliament next Bromley and Beckenham, in the County of therein after mentioned, for repairing the Road leading for other Purposes, were read; by which it appeared, fiomHertford BridgeHilltothe Towns ofBafJingJlokeand that the Trustees under the said Acts of the Fourth Odiham,\n the County of Southampton, was referred ;That and Sixth of George the First, and the Eleventh and the Committee had examined and found that the Stand- Twenty-fourth of the Second, were directed, out

ing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, re- of the Tolls authorized to be collected on the Roads lative' to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and therein comprized, to pay to the Trustees under the said that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Acts of the Twenty-second of his late Majesty, and the Petition1; and had directed him to report the fame, as it Seventh of His present Majesty, the Sum of One hun-appeared to them, to file House; and he read the Re- dred and Fifty Pounds per Annum: And, , port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the John , Esquire, Clerk to the (aft-mentioned

Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as Trustees, being examined, said, That the said Payment followeth; viz. hath been regularly made, and duly expended towards

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the executing the Works directed to be done by the said said Acts, passed in the Tenth and Twenty-first Years last mentioned Acts — That as it forms a Part of the of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Thirteenth Funds of the Trust, it is become Security, with their Year of I Iis present Majesty, were read: Anri, own Tolls, for a very large Sum of Money, amounting

Mr. Jolai Windoverbeing examined, said. That the to^.8,975, on which, at 448. 1 j. c. 6d.

Road from Hertford Bridge Hillio. Basingstoke, is Part interest will be due.

of The Great Western Road, leading through Salisbury, And he produced to your Committee, an Account Exeter, and other Places, to The Land's End in Corn- of the Receipts and Expences of the said Trust, taken trail; and that the Road from Hertford Bridge Hill to on an Average of the last Three Years; by which it ap-Odihamopens a Communication from thence East wards peared, that the Disbursements of the Trustees exceed towards London. their Income by 123. 131'. 7 jd. per Annum, exclusive

That there is a Communication of Road from the of the said 150. said Great Westcm Road, which leads from a certain Being further examined, he said. That the Term of new-erected Bridge at Butfemooood, and extending to the Act by virtue of which the said Annual Payment is the South End of NorthwarmboroughLane, near to the made, is very near expiring; and that if such Payment Town of Odiham, in the Parishes of Odiham, Gretvell, were to be suffered to cease, the Money borrowed on the and Nately Skewers, containing about Two Miles and Credit of the said Acts could never be paid off, nor a Quarter in Length; but that the same is in a very could the Roads comprized in the Trust which now re-ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow, and ceives it, be kept in Repair, or the Interest of their so founderous in wet Seasons as to be extremely dan- Debt be regularly ^ifeharged, if so great a Deficiency gerous for Carriages, and cannot be repaired ^>y the should be made in their Annual Receipts, ordinary Coflrfe of Law. Mr. John Homeward and Mr. William Brent, Sur-

And the Witness added, That if the said Piece of Road veyors of the Roads comprized in the said Two first-men-was to be amended, widened, and kept in Repair, tioned Acts, being then examined, said, That the Roads under the Powers granted by the said Acts, and united under their Care are at present in many Parts ruinous with the Roads thereby directed to be repaired, it would and bad; and they produced an Estimate, by which it be of great Convenience to the Inhabitants of the Town* appeared, that the Expence of making the Repairs ini-of Odiham and Basingstoke, and of great public Utility. mediately required, will amount to 1,062. 1 or. 10

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring io a Bill to Ordered, That it be aninstruction to the Committee,

2 1 ' to

Kent S'reet to Dari lord, c. Itoads.

at Geo. III.

2" mdriii. 241

to whom the Bill for the more effectually repairing the several Roadsleading from

in the Parish of Saint George, Southwark, to Dartford; and from The Stone's End in Street to the

Turnpike nerve Saint Thomas a Waterings, in the said Parish of Saint George-, and from the Turnpike Road neat* Deptford Bridge to The Stone's End in London Street, in the Parish of East Greenwich-, and from The Six Mile Stone on Blackheath, near the West End of Greenwich Park Walt, to Woohoich Warren-, and from The Lime Kilns in East Greenwich, to join the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Lewijhain-, and from New Cross, in the Parish of Deptford, to Farnborough Well-, and from the first Mill Pond at South End, in the said Parish of Leici-sham, to the West End of Stroud Green, in the Parish of Croydon -, and from the Turnpike Road near Lewtsham Bridge, to the North End of Burnt Ash Lane, in the Parish of Lee, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey -, and for repealing so much of several Acts of Parliament, now in Force, as relates to the said Roads, is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said: Bill, for making an Annuat Allowance to the Trustees

[ for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, made

; in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Ma jeftj', for opening and making a new Road from the East End of New Street, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future, and for repairing several other Roads adjoining thereto.

Petition A Petition of the Merchants and Owners of Ships rttpeiting belonging to the Port of King's Lynn, in the County Smuggi ng. Gf Norfolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for more effectually preventing thepernicious Practice of Smuggling, and which subjects to Forfeiture the Ship or Vessel and Furniture bringing any Foreign Brandy, or other Foreign Spirituous Liquors, excepting only Two Gallons for the Use of each Seaman, then belonging to and on board such Ship or Vessel; and Hating, That the said Law will tend greatly to discourage the Building and Fitting out of Freight Ships, and thereby deprive the Nation of its most valuable Nursery for Seamen: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consuleration* and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the Hoilfe shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Owners of Ships belonging to, and trading from, the Port of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, residing on Shore, is referred.

dtmcrf}(T Sir William Gtnfe reported from the Committee, to Gaol, &c. whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the City of Gloucester, in Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said City, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same waS read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr; John Wilkins Jepfon being examined, said. That The Upper North Gate, or Common Gaol, of the City of Gloucester, is both incommodious and inconvenient — That there are not separate Apartments for theMen and the W omen — That the G aoler has often been obliged to put the Prisoners in his own House4 for Want of proper Accommodation in the Gaol; and in Cafes where it may be necessary to keep the Prisoners apart, there is no _ Convenience in the Gaol lor that Purpose — That the Vox.. 38.

Gaol is situate across the Street which leads from London to the City of Gloucester; and that Part thereof is over the City Wall, of which the Gate is a Part — That the Gate-Way is very narrow, inso much that Two Carriages cannot pftfs each other, nor even a Horse pass a Carriage, without Danger — That the Gaol is an ancient Building, and greatly decayed — That there are many Defc6ts in the Walls, in the Floors, and in the Roof, by Means whereof Prisoners have escaped from the Gaol; and that it is necessary that a new and more commodious Gaol should be built.

That fhere are Two other Gate-Ways, called The Lower North Gate and The South Gate, within the said City, both which are across principal Streets, abd are as narrow and incommodious as The Upper North Gate —

That if the Gates are taken down, it will be necessary to purchase Three or FoUr Houses, of the Value of about £. 470, in order to lay Part of the Ground on which they stand into the Street.

Then the several Acts of Parliament passed relating to the Maintenance and Support Of the Poor, and for lighting the Streets, and also for enforcing the proper paving and cleansing the several Streets within the said City, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances, were read.

And the Witness being further examined, said, That the Powers of the said Acts are very defe6tive — That in the Paving Act the Power to raise the Vagrant Money. is defective — That a Power is wanting to pave The Loxoer North Gate Street (which is much desired by the Inhabitants) and also some other Parts of the City; and also for making Spouts from the Roofs of the Houses —

That the Act for lighting the Town is defective, particularly with respect to lighting the Lamps at unnecessary Times; and that no Power is thereby given for lighting the Streets between Lady Day and Michaelmas.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for erecting a new Gaol and House of Correction, and for removing certain Gateways, in the City of Gloucester; and for amending the several Acts passed for the Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the said City, and lighting, paving, and regulating the Streets there: And that Sir William Guise, the Earl of Surrey, and Sir George Yonge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee; to Derby; whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering &c-

and enlarging the - Powers, of an Act, made in the *oads'

Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, lyingin the Counties of and

Wanoick, and for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road branching from Part of the said Roads between Meafham in the said County of Derby, and Burton upon Trent in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road at or near The Bull's Head Alehouse in Twycross, in the said County of Leicester; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendmentsthereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fe-vernlly put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Charles Robinson, from the Select Committee; Bridgewater who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of Election, the Petition of John Atland, Esquire; and also the Petition of Robert Parsons, Thomas Lockyer, Charles Chinn, and others, Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, paying Scotland

3 Q . Lot

242

2° Martii A. 1781.

IjOt in respect of Property within the Paul Borough; and also the Petition of the several Persons, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bridgesoater, in the County of whose Names

are thereunto subscribed; severally complaining of an undue Election and Ketnrn for the said Borough; in* formed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That tire honourable Anne Pouleft is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridgewater, in the county of:

And also, Tlrat the said Select Committee have determined,

'That Benjamin Alim, Esquire, is not duly defiled a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Bridgetcater

And also, Tlrat the said Selefit Committee have determined,

That John Acland, Esquire, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Bridgewater.

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the said John A Esquire, is duly defiled a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament lor the said Borough o ( Bridgewater.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Mon Morning next, with the lait return for the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, and amend the fame, by rafing out the Name of Benjamin , Esquire, and inserting the Name of John Acland, Esquire, iahead thereof.

HalowArthy Sir James Cockbnme reported from the Committee, to Road. whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Afit, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening iC the Roads from Ilaleworin the Parish of " Jh u , in the County of Cornwall, to the Fall End of " IVadebridge, in the said County, and from the West " End of IVadehridgeaforesaid, into and through the " Borough of M/tchcI,in the said County," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 177.1, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had direfited him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Afit was read: And,

Mr. William Famham informed your Committee, That great Progress has been made in the Repair of the said Roads, for which Purpose several eonliderable Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Afit — That the Sum of yf. 1,775 now remains due, which cannot be paid off, and the said Roads elsefitually repaired, unlel's the Term of the said Afit is further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and enlarge the Terra and Powers of an Afit, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing ami widening the Roads from Haleworthy, in the Parish of Dacidjhw, in the County of Cornwall, to the East End of IVadebridge, in the said County; and from the West End of Wadehridgeaforesaid, into and through the Borough of Mitchell, in the said Comity: And that Sir James Cockbnme, Mr. Cand Mr. James Macpherson, do prepare, and bring in, the fartle.

Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Order, ....

a Bill for defraying the CImrgeof the Pay and Cloathing ul,j a0i". of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called , i1;g. England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one;

And the same was received; and read the Eirii Time. lit'/hived, That the Bill he l ead a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Ldcflfer.&c. of an Afit, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of Koutli-His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for amending,

" widening, and keepiugin Repair, several Roads therein " mentioned, Jyingin the Counties of and War-

" wick, and in the County of the City of Coventry," was

read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Ronds therein " mentioned, lying in the Counties of Leicesterand " Warwick, and in the County of the City of C'oventry."

Ordered, That Sir George Shuckburgh d carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Cerent declaring certain Provisions of an Act, made in the Turu.nke Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, relating to t ho Ait. Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, to extend to all Acts made, and to I e made for repairing Roads, subsequent to the parting of i he laid Afit: And that Sir William CodringSir Harbord, and Mr. Edu ard Bacon, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, issued £x^j ‘Ucf by virtue of an Afit, passed in the I aft Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of " Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Eighty.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Mariners and Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Scan-eu. the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and onboard Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had direfited him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One l>y One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroll'ed.

Sir Charles Cocks, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making Compensation to the Proprietors of cert an Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the Counties of Kent and Efflx, purchased in pursuance of Two several Afits of Parliaments, passed in the 'twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for securing Elis Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Sheerness and Chatham, and for better defending the Passage of the River Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury was

committed, the Amendments which the Committee has made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

Amendments

Dock Yards Purchase ot Lands, &c.

21 Geo. III.

o

° Mart

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; antj, upon the Question lVverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Berwick The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being , tuaioo. again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend ! the said Select Committee, delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence; together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned Lift, the Names of the Lord Sheffield and George Onslow, Esquire, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Abraham Esquire, Lewis, Esquire,

William Praed, Esquire, Henry Rawlinfon, Esquire, William Dickenson, Esquire, John Rolle, Esquire,

Phipps, Esquire, Sir JoJ'eph Baronet, Edward

Rujkzcorth, lsfquire, J Esquire, Lord Viscount Gakqay, the Right honourable Sir John Irvine, Sir Thomas Clarges, Baronet, the Lord , George Onjlozo, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the Petition of Sir Jnlm Pulerson, of Eccles, Baronet, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the ul'ual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Speaker's Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Wm and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

""* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole / House, to consider further of the Supply granted to

His Majesty.

*43

Resolved, That this House wiH, upon Wednesday Land Tax Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the *mn> 'on'!,' whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to " His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand " Seven hundred and Eighty-one."

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Encouragement whole House, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, of Seamen, and for the more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty's Navy, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 50 die Martii;

Anno 2i° Georgii IIP* Regis, 1781.

Pr A VERS.

THE Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, ao- Bridgewater cording to Order, amended the Return for the Election. Borough of Bridgeioaier, in the County of Somerset.

The House being informed that Mr. from Account of the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called Exchequer in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, issued by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further " Sum of Money, by. Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Eighty."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, issued by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty."

The Exchequer Bills, issued by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of One Million Four hundred thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the 5 th Day o (March 1781.

John Hughfon.

RotMe

Isdofure.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, as well within the Parish and Township of Rothley, as within the Extra-parochial Liberty of Temple, in the

m

County ofZ>«fe/?<rr, wascommitted;That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of A 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 77 Acres, and Three Roods of Land, in the Parish of

44 5° Marti . 1781.

Rothley; and also the Owners of 8 Acres of Land in the Extra-parochial Liberty of Rothley Temple; and also except the Owners of Five Common Right Houses, in the Parish of Rothley; and also the Owners of 41 Cottage Houses, in the Town of who claim a

Right of Common over Part of the Lands intended to be inclosed; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed, in the Parish of amount to 1,270

Acres, and in the Extra-parochial Liberty of Rothley Temple, to 386 Acres ami One Rood, or thereabouts; and that the whole Number of Common Right Houses, in the Parish of Rothley, is 73, and in the Town of Mountforrell is 67; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several 'Amendmentsthereunto; which theyhad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and, then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mountforrell Mr. Hungerford presented to the House, according to nc 0 ure' Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Commonable Grounds, and Places, of and within the Manor, Lordship, and Liberties of forrell, in the County of And the same was

received: and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Derby, An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and al-frering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in Jlodd*. the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several Roads therein mentioned, lyingin the Counties of Derby, -cester, and Wanoiek, and for amending and keeping in Repair, the Road branching from Part of the said Roads, between Measham in the said County of Derby, and Bitr/oH upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road at or near The Bull's Head Alehouse in Tteycross, in the said County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, lying in the Counties of Derby, and

and for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road branching from Part of the said Roads between Measham in the said County of Derby, and Burton upon Trent in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road at or near The Bull's Head AlehouJ'e in Twycross, in the said County of Leicester:

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Dock Yards; An ingrossed Bill for making Compensation to the I'urchafe of Proprietors of certain Meflu'ages, Lands, Tenements, Laud*, &c. an(j Hereditaments, in the Counties of Kent and Essex, purchased in pursuance of Two several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Sheerness and Chatham, and for better defending the Passage of the River Thames at tiravei'endand Tilbury Fort, read the Third Time.

Rr/blved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Kent and Essex, purchased in purAiance of Two several Acts of Parliament, passed in t lie Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for securing His Majesty Docks, Ships, and 20

Stores, at Shecrnef and Chatham, and for betterdefending the Passageof the River Thames at and

Tilbury Fort.

Ordered, That Sir Char let Cocks do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir George Yonge do carry to the JufKe«< Lords, the ingrossed Bill to enable certain Persons nam- oi ed in any Commission of the Peace, to act as Justices of the Peace, in the Suppression of Riots and Tumults, 1 2

notwithstanding the y have not taken out their Potefiatem; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Sir James Cockhurne presented to the House, accord- Haleworthy ing to Order, a Bill to continue and enlarge the Term ®®ads-and Powers of an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign Of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from in the Parish of Davidfoio, in the County of Cornwall, to the Eafl End of Wadebridge, in the said County, and from the West End of Wadebridge aforesaid, into and through the Borough of Mitchell, in the said County:

And the same was received; and read the First Time. !

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. 1

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing and improving certain West HaJtoa Lands and Grounds within the Township of Indoiare.

in the Parish of I-ong P ref on, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title lv % j

An Act for inclosing and improving certain Lands and I

Grounds within the Township of Wcfi Jlalton, in the Parish oi Long Prefion, in the West Riding of the Coun-ty of York.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for more efleftually repairing the Denbigh Rond leading from the Town of Denbigh, to the Town Hoads, of Saint Asaph, and from thence to the Town and Port

of Rulhland, in the Counties of Denbigh and; and for repealing an Act, made in the Thirt v-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as the same relates to the said Road; was read the Third Time.

Re/blved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for more efleftually repairing the Road leading from the Town of Denbigh to the Town of AJ'aph, and from thence to t he Town and Port oi Ruth- ,

land, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint; and for repealing an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as the same relates to the said Road.

Ordered, That Sir lVatkyn Williams Wynn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Thorold presented to the House, according to Boom Eau Order, a Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Navigation, called Bourn Eau, from the Town of Bourn, to its Junction with the Riyer Glen, at a Place called Tongue End, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Edward Aftley, from the Select Committee, who K'rkcmibHgh* were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Hledion. Petition of John Gordon, of Kenmore, Esquire; and also

the Petition of William Craick, of Arbigland, John AV< call, of Barjkeoch, John Symc, of

Adam Craick, Younger, of Arbigland', Patrick Heron, oi '

Heron, George Maxwell, of Carruehan, W Copland,

oi Coltieflon, Alexander Ferguson, of Craigdarroch, Captain Thomas Goldie, of Cruicks, Sir Robert Laurie, of Maxwelltoun, Baronet, Edward Maxwell, Younger,

of Cairgen, Alexander Gordon, of Maxwell, of Barncleugh, Alex ander Gordon, of King's-

graiige,

i\ Geo. IIL 50 Ma245

grange, William M a avell, of- Ricthorn, David Blair, of Bdllemnont, Captain Adam Gordon, of Oaring, of the Sift Foot, Mr. John Maanurdo, of Par!:, Factor to his Grace the Duke of Qttcen/berrj, Benjamin Moo die, ,of KnocknarLing, Writer in Edinburgh, John Clark, of Nether Laggun, Writer in Dumfries, Robert Dalzell, of Ballingate, Advocate, Richard Dalzell, Younger, of Glenae, David Cairns, of Barnbarroch, John Daly ell, of Barncrq/hy Alexander Copland, of Furtkhead, Thomas Young, of Young/ield, and James Dalycll, Younger, of Barncrojfi, all Freeholders in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright; feve-Tally complaining of an undue Ele-'.ion and Return for the said Stewartry; informed the House, That the said deleft Committee have determined.

That Peter Johnstone, llfquire, the Sitting Member, is not duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright: '

And also. That the said SeleJl Committee have determined,

'Unit John Gordon, of Keimwre, Esquire, is not duly iJefted a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the said Stewartry of Kirkcudbright:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the lad Election of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the said Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, was a void Election.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered hi the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright; the last Election for a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the said Stewartry, having been determined to be void,

SapptrFill; A Rill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and

.Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve ilfeif into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. AnguiHi:

Mr. Speaker,

fabooth. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an A&, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Penryn, He lift one, and Mara-zion, and from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge, and Two hundred Feet to the West ward of the aid River and Bridge; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mariners An ingrpfled Bill for the better Supply of Mariners *nd and Seamen, to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, *eanien' and on board 'Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Veflefe,' was read the Third Time.

Resolved.Th'dlihe Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels,

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the #Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Crave presented to the House, according to Or-R.ad. Vol. 38.

der, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Wilmjloiv Bridge, in Wilnjlow, in the County of Chester, through Nether Alderlcy and the Town of Congleton, to or near The Red Butt in Church Lawton, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the Fjrtl Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, that Mr. Milford, from Scotch the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; p!^c,tc(i and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the atcs* Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Report of the Commissioners " and Trustees for managing the annexed forfeited <c Estates in Scotland to the Lords Commissioners of <c His Majesty's Treasury, which, by an Act of the " Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, is " directed to be laid before both Houses of Parlia-<f ment."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Pa per do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Meqnbers of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst; the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Milford, from Accounts the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended Scotland at the Door; he was called ill; and, at the Bar, p re- of Imports fented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, and Exports.

An Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from, and imported into,

Scotland, from Christmas 1773 to Christmas 1779; distinguishing each Place and each Year: And also,

A11 Account of the Quant ities of Prize Sugars which have been warehoused in Scotland for Exportation fmec the Commencement of the present Hostilities with France and Spain, dating the Quantities which have been warehoused in each Year: And also,

The Amount of the Quantity of refined Sugar exported from Scotland to Foreign Parts, during the Years 1774, 1775, 1776, 1777, 1778, 1779, and 1780; distinguishing each Year: And also.

The Amount of the Quantity of Sugar imported from the British West India Islands into Scotland, in the Years

1774. 1775> 1776> im> 177< % 1779* and 1780>

distinguishing each Year: And also,

The Amount of the Quantity of Raw Sugar exported from Scotland to Foreign Parts, during the Years 1774,

1775, 1776, 1777, 1778, 1779, and 1780; dillia-guishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Tobacco imported into Scotland from any of the Islands in the WeJ't Indies, from the 5th of January 1780 to the 5th of January 1781, being as far as the same can be made up.

Mr. Milford also, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, presented to the House. pursuant to the Direction of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of what Number of Ships from Scotland Greenland have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Fishery. Streights and The Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port they weredischarged; also what Quantity of Oil and Whale Fins each Ship has imported, from the 10th of October 1779, to the 10th of October 1780.

And then he vtitkdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Montagu, from Accounts the Office of Chamberlain of the City of London, at> from the tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, c5a1mb€)r,am

i> 93 r . J of London.

3 li presented

6° Marlii.

A. 17811

presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, on the 5th July 1780: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of London, in pursuance of Two A(51s for building and completing Bla Bridge, from the 28th September 1779 exclusive, to the 28th September 17S0 inelulive: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of London, in pursuance of an Act for rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate, and completing the fame, from the 28th September 1779 exclusive, to the 28th September 1780 inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of London, for embanking Part of the North Side of the River Thames', within certain Limits, from the 28th September 1779 exclusive, to the 28th September 1780 inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of London, in pursuance of an Act for making a Street from Bishopjgale Street into Barbican, from the 24th June 1778 exclusive, to the 28th September 1780 inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of London, in pursuance of an Act for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, to purchase the present Tolls, payable for navigating upon the River Thames, and for laying a small Toll in Lieu thereof, from the 28th September 1779 exclusive, to the 28th September 1780 inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of London, in pursuance of an Act for making, enlarging, He. the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the City of London, and for paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the said City, from the 28th September 1779 exclusive, to the 28th September 1780 inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

:our.t cf The House being informed that Mr. from

digrtae t|ie Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the ' Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Annual Imports and Exports of Verdigrease, from Christmas 17G0 to Christmas 1778 in-

elusive.

And then be withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

liplcting

Militia.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for keeping the Militia Forces of this Kingdom Complete, during the Time therein to be mentioned: And that Mr. Secretary at War, the Lord Beauchamp, and Mr. Sloane, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ditto. Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for keeping the Militia Forces of this Kingdom complete, during the Time therein to be mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

*9

The House was moved, That Hi's Majesty's Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 19th Day of Junelaft, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, Employing That the Military Force entrusted to His Majesty by 'j1' Parliament, cannot justifiably be applied to thedifperfing Kiotsi illegal or tumultuous Assemblies of the People, without waiting for Directions from the Civil Magistrates, but. where the Outrages have broke forth into such Acts of Violence and Treason, that all Civil Authority is overborne, and the immediate Subversion of all legal Government directly threatened.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the I louse, withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Neceftity of issuing the unprecedented Order to the Military on the 7th of June last, to act without waiting for Directions from the Civil Magistrate, affords a ftroilg Preemption of the defective State of the Magifiracy of the City of Wwhere the Riots began;

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,} *1 Mr. Dempjicr: } 94-

T ellers for the Noes,} Jhe lx>rd I Mr. de Grey: 3 17*-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ditto.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon md

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confuler further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement 0 *umea‘ of Seanien, and for the more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty's Navy, was committed, be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 6° die Martii;

Anno 21* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration Arundel

the Petition of the honourable 'Percy Wyndharn, Ejection, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Sir Patrick Craufurd, Knight, and Thomas Esquire, for the Borough of Arundel, in the County of Suffer, being come;

The ftoufe proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Bull-ness of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Twelve Members being found to be present;

The

21 Geo. III. S° — 7° Martii. 247

The Counsel and Agents for the Petitioner, and the Ordered, That Mr. Frederick Montagu do carry the Counsel and Agents for the fair! Sir Patrick Craufurd, Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

and the Counsel and Agents for the said Thomas FiVz- , ..... _

Herbert, Esquire, were called in to the Bar. The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being

And the Door of the House being locked; again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to at-

The Counsel for the said Sitting Members respect tend the said Select Committee, delivered in to the House lively informed the House, that the said Sitting Mem- One of the said Lids, which had been {truck by the said bers were complained of by the Petition now taken into Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Consideration, upon the Ground of Bribery at the said Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining un-Election, which Charge, in its Nature, would affect Itruck; which last mentioned Lift was read; and is as them separately; that their Canvas at the Election had follows;

been separate; that they had had no Communication in Thomas Stanley, Esquire, Clarke Jervoise, Ef-

preparing their Defence; and that the said Sitting quire, Ilenrij Fletcher, Esquire, Barne Barne, Esquire, Members, with respect to this Cause, were perfect Sir Baronet,

Strangers to each other; and that, upon the Whole, Esquire, Thomas Lucas, Esquire, Sir William Lemon, the Interests of the Sitting Members being distinct and Baronet, James Warwood Adeane, Esquire, Filmer -separate from each other, they therefore desired to nywood, Esquire, the honourable Nathaniel Curzon, separate in their Defence; to which no material Ob- the honourable jeciion being made by the Counsel for the Petitioner, Esquire.

the House proceeded to the Appointment of the said And thereupon the said Thirteen Members imme-Select Committee, as in the same of there being more diately withdrew.

than Two Parties on distinct Interests before the And the said Counsel and Agents also withdrew. House. The Thirteen Members before mentioned being re-

Then the Clerk wasdirected by Mr. Speaker, to read turned to the House, the said Counsel and Agents were the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into again called in to the Bar.

Consideration. And the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select

And the same being read accordingly; Committee, informed the House, That the said Thirteen

The Names of all the Members of the House were. Members had, by themselves, chosenSir George Savile, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been Baronet and John Elwes, Esquire, to f^rve on the said before prepared) and put into Six Glades,' and were Select Committee.

then drawn by the Clerk in the ufnal Manner, and read And the Names of the said Sir George Savile, Baronet,

by Mr. Speaker to the House. and John Elwes, Esquire, were added to the said Lift of

And the Names of Forty-nine Members, then pre- Thirteen Members, sent, were drawn, who were not objected to And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition Names, the Names of Forty other Members, of the honourable Percy Wyndham, now taken into.Con-then present, were drawn, and set aside with the sideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the Names ofthofe who wereabfent from the House; usual Manner.

Five, on Account of their being Sixty Years of And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew. Age, or upwards, which they had before verified That the said Select Committee do meet

on Oath; Five, on Account of their being forthwith in the Court of Chancery, in Westminster Members against whose Returns Petitions were Hall. depending; One, on Account of his being a

Petitioner to this House, complaining of an The other Order of the Day being read;

undue Election and Return; Twenty-three on Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-

Account of their then serving on Select Coming, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, niittees; and Six, on Account of their having upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and already in this Sessioa of Parliament served on Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain Select Committees. called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being Eighty-one. complete. Lists of the said Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Connfel. And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

And the Door of the House being opened; Morning, Ten of the Clock.

The Counsel and Agents withdrew.

PHhrood

Gate

Road.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from Wejiwood Gate, in the Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, through the Towns of Rushden and Iiigham Ferrers, and over Artleborough Bridge, to the Turnpike Road in

Barton Seagrave Lane, in the Parish of Barton Sea-

grave, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from Wejhooood Gate, in the Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, through thp Towns of Rushden and lligham Ferrers, and over Artleborough Bridge, to the Turnpike Road in Barton Seagrave Lane, in the Parish of Barton Seagrave, in the County of Northampton.

Vol. 38.

Mercurii, y° die;

Anno 2i* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1781. Prayers.

THE House being infprmed that Mr. Ncave and Mr. Drummond, Two of the Commissioners for examining, taking, and Hating, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Third Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Account? of the Kingdom.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

And the said Report was also read.

The Bud Report is as followeth;

; To

Arutjd«l Elect ion.

Supply Bill; Militia,

Third Report of Commissionert of Public Accounts.

£' 7.6>793- i8-

248 70 Martii. -^.17

Third Report of Coir.milT\oners of Public Accounts.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

the Third Report of the Commissioners, appointed to examine, take, and state, the Publie Accounts of the Kingdom.

- Having fini/lied our Examination of all those Public Accountants that came to our Knowledge in the Firli Class, as far as relates to the Balances of Public Money in their Hands, we in the next Place, directed our Attention to those Accoutants who receive Public Money out of the Exchequer, by way of impreft, and upon Account.

The Certificate of the Accounts depending in the Office of the Auditors of the Impreil, transmitted to us pursuant to our Precept, furnished us with a List of these Accountants: As much of this Certificate as relates to the ifuhjed Matter of this present Report, is inserted N° 1. in the Appendix. We took them into our Consideration in the Order in which they stand upon tliat Certificate; a Rule we pursuein regard to all Lists of Accountants, unless there is some special Reason for departing from it.

The Set of Accountants therein first mentioned, are the Treasurers of the Navy; and of these, the Names that stand first are the Executors of Anthony Viscount Falkland., whole final Account is dated the 4th of April 1689, and from whom a Balance of Twenty-seven thou-fami Six hundred and Eleven Pounds Six Shillings and Five Pence Farthing is de dared to be then due. We did not mispend our Time in a Pursuit where there was so little Probability of Benefit to the Public: A Debt that hasfubfifted for near a Century, may be presumed desperate. Palling over therefore this Article, we ittued our precepts to Earl Temple, as Representative of the late George Grenville, Esquire; to Lord Viscount Barring! on, Lord Viscount Howe, and to Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, as Representative of the late Sir Gilbert Elliot, for an Account of the Public Money in their Hands, Custody, or Power, as late Treasurers of the Navy. The Returns made to our Precepts are set forth in the N° 2. Appendix*, from which it appears that the Balances of Public Money remaining in their respective Hands, upon the Days therein mentioned, amounted together to the Sum of Seventy-six lhoufand Seven hundred Ninety-three Pounds Eighteen Shillings andOne Penny Farthing.

That we might learn for what Reasons, Services, or Purposes, These Sums are permitted to remain in the Hands of Treasurers of the Navy, so long after they are out of Office, we examined several of the Officers in Tsjo this Department: namely. George Swqffield, Esquire, 4* Caftiier of the Victualling; Andrew Douglas, Esquire, N° 6 Pay matter; Mr. Adam Jellicoe, Chief Clerk to the 7 8 Pay matter, and Mr. Francis Cook, Ledger Writer.

By them we are supplied with the following Informa-J tion:

The Office of the Treasurer of the Navy is divided into Three Branches, the Paymaster's, the Caftiier's and the Victualling Branch. All the Money he receives is for the Navy Services, and placed under, or carried #ver to one of these Branches; the Money in each ^Branch is subdivided, arranged, and kept under various different Heads of Services; the whole Balance, at the Time he leaves the Office, continues to be liable, whether it be iu his Hands, or in the Hands of his Representatives, in case of his Death, to the same Services Tor which itsfeveral Parts were originally destined; and the Commissioners of the Navy, Victualling, and Sick and Hurt Offices, each in their several Departments, continue to assign Bills upon him for Payment, until they have reduced his Balance to such a Sum as, in their Opinions,;will not be more than sufficient to answer Purposes for which it has been usual to leave Money with him, until his final Account is patted. These purposes are, first; to carry on the Recalls upon those

Ships Books which were open in his Treasurership, and the Payment of the Half Pay Lifts and Bounties to Chaplains. The Ships Books are usually kept open for Recalls, for Seven or Eight Years after the Expiration of the Treasurership, in order to give those Seamen who, by being either turned over to other Ships, or employed in other Places, could not attend at the 'Time their Ship was paid, an Opportunity of receiving their Wages when it is in t.heir Power to apply for them. The only Fund applicable to this Service is the Money in the Pav Branch, placed under the Head of" To pay " Ships, and carry on Recalls:" This Service is at an End when the Ships Books are made up. They are made up as they come in course in order of Time; and after the last is closed, the Half Pay Lifts are also closed, and the Payment of the Bounty to Chaplaius ceases.

The other Purpose is to pay the Fees and Expences of carrying on, making up, and patting his Accounts. Upon patting every Animal Account, Fees are paid to the Auditors of the impreft, out of the Money in his Hands, under the Head of " To pay Exchequer Fees,

<c and other Contingent Expences of the Pay Office but upon patting his final Account, there is a Gratuity also paid in the following Manner: — The Officers and Clerks who transact the Bufniefs of the Treasurer in Office, carry on also at the same Time, and finally make up, the Accounts of the Treasurers out of Office; for which extra Work they have no Salary or Recoin-pence whatever, until the final Account is ready to be patted, at which Time it has been usual for them, by Petition to the Lords of the Treasury, to obtain a reasonable Allowance for their Trouble, which has been paid them, by virtue of a Treasury Warrant, out of any Money remaining in the Hands of that Treasurer under whatever Heads of Service it may be placed. This Gratuity, together with the Fee of passing the Annual Accounts, and for the Quietus, it is imagined, will exhaust the whole Balance now remaining in the 1 lands of I ord Temple.

All the Ships Books which were paid by Mr. Grenville, Lord Barrington, and Lord I I owe, are made up, and consequently the Balances which the Three Boards have left in the Hands of these Treasurers must be for the Purpose of paying the Fees.and Expences of carrying on. making up, and patting their Accounts. Of Sir Gilbert Elliot's Ships Books, Five hundred and Six are still open for Recalls; and Payments, if applied for, are made upon them once a Week; and therefore, whatever Sums iiand upon his Account, in his Pay-master's Branch, under the Heads of Wages, Half Pav, and Bounties to Chaplains, are still applicable to those Services; and the Residue of the Money permitted to remain with him is for the Purpose of paying the Fees and Expences of carrying on, making up, and patting his Accounts.

How soon then will these several Sums be wanted for this Purpose? The Accounts of the Treasurers of the Navy are made up and patted as they come in course in Order of Time; the Officers must finilli One Year before they begin upon another; and a subsequentTrea-fiirer's Account is never finished till his Predecessor's is finally closed. The State in which their Accounts are, in the Office of the Auditors of the impreft, is this; — The last which is declared is Mr. Grenville's Account for the Yrear 1758: Of all the subsequent Accounts, only some Sections of their respective Navy and Vie* tualling Ledgers are delivered into this Office; which Part of a Treasurer's Accounts are usually sent thither as speedily as they can be made up after the Year expires.

From an Account of the Balances remaining in the N Hands of these Treasurers, at the Times they respectively ceased to be Treasurers; and an Account of the N Times when their last Ships Books were made up; and a State of Mr. Grenville's Balances, and of the Balances N

of

0 10. ® XI. 0 IZ

jf 343,911.

21 Gko. III. 7° Martii.

2 49

Vi6, 17. K'tS, 19.

"13,14,15.of Lord Barrington, Lord Home, and Sir Gilbert Elliot, every Year fmee they l'everally went out of Office, all transmitted to us from the Pay Office of the Navy, pursuant to our Requisitions, we lln<l that Mr. Grenville reiigned this Office in 1762, and his last Ship's Book was made up in 1771 j that Lord resigned

this Office in 1765, and his lall Ship's Book was made ftp in 1775; that Lord resigned this Office in

' 1770, and his last Ship's Book was made up in 1 778;

and that Sir Gilbert Elliot died in 1777: Hence it appears, that for near Nineteen Years there has been in the Hands of Mr. Grenville, or of his Representatives, and for Fifteen Years in the Hands of Lord Barrington, and for Ten Years in the Hands of Lord Howe, and for Three Years in the Hands of the Representatives of Sir

j Gilbert Elliot, considerable Sums of Public Money (ex-

; dufive of the Sums on the Heads of Wages, Half Pay,

| and Bounty to Chaplains) dellined to Purposes which

(except the passing of Three Years of Mr. Grenville's Accounts) have not yet existed, and which if we may judge from the Progress hitherto made in passing these Accounts, are not likely soon to exist.

Where Public Money is appointed for a Service or Purpose to arise at a future Time, we are of Opinion, the Public alone ought to have the Custody and Use of that Money, in the mean Time, and until the Service or Purpose calls for its Application.

When the Fees and the Gratuity In come payable, we fee no Reason why l he Treasurer in Officelliould not pay them iu like Manner as the Treasurers out of Office pav them now.

We did not form our Opinion upon these Balances without first hearing the late Treasurers themselves, or the Representatives of those who are dead; and therefore we examined Earl Temple, Lord Vjfcount j Lord Viscount Home, and Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet; not One of whom made any Objection to paying their Balances into the Exchequer, upon Condition, some of receiving their Quietus, others of being made securein such Payments. We do therefore conceive, that the Balances of Public Money, now remaining in the Hands of Earl Temple, as Representative of the late George Grenville, Esquire, and in the Hands of Lord Viscount Bar rington, and of Lord Viscount Howe, and of Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, as Representative of Sir Gilbert j Elliot, late Treasurers of the Navy, ought to be paid into the Exchequer, for the Public Service, leaving in the Hands of Sir Gilbert Elliot the Sums in his Account placed under the Heads of Wages, Half Pay, and i. Bounties to Chaplains, to carry on the Services to which

T the same are applicable; that such Payments Ikould be

; without Prejudice, and a proper Security and Indemni-

fication be given to each of them against any Loss or I Detriment that may accrue to them in consequence of such Payments.

The Right Honourable Welbore Ellis, the present Treasurer of the Navy, returned to our Ryquilition, a Balance in his Flands, upon the 31st of August last, of Three hundred Forty-eight thousand Niue hundred Forty-one Pounds Eleven Shillings and Nine Pence. The Act directs us to examine into all Balances in the Hands of Public Accountants, for the Purpose of considering what Sum may be taken out of their Flands, to be applied to the Public Service. It is obvious, we could not examine the Balance in the Hands of the Treasurer in.Office with this View; it could not be in our Power to say, t hat any Part of it ought to be paid back into the Exchequer, because, in an Office ofloconstant and large an Expenditure, this Sum rauft probably be exhaulled, even while it was under our Consideration; but it was competent to us, and we thought it our Duty, to examine whether this was a larger Sum than the current Business of the Office required should at that Time be entrusted to the Treasurer of the Navy. irxA Companion between the Quantum of the Sum, and . Vos,.38.

20.

v vv

the Demands upon it, would enable us to form some Th'rd Judgment upon this Point; with this View we exa- commoner* mined the present Treasurer himflblf, Timothy Brett, of Public Esquire, Commissioner of the Navy, and Comptroller Account*, of the Treasurers Accounts, John Slade, Esquire, -i. Commissioner of the Victualling, and John Bell, EC- ]sj«22* quire, Commissioner of the Sick and Hurt; from whom ft* we coileft the following Information.

All the Money received by the Treasurer, for the Services of the Navy, is either issued to him out of the Exchequer, or paid to him by sundry Persons, in pursuance of the Directions of the Navy, Victualling, or Sick and Hurt Boards. The Money from the Exchequer is issued to him, and arranged in his Accounts under various Heads of Services; these Heads are kept distinct; and he cannot place or transfer a Sum issued to him under one Head, to any other Head of Service.

All Bills assigned upon him for Payment by these Boards, specify the correspondent Head of Service out of which that Bill is to be paid, and he must not pay it out of Money placed under any other Head of Service than that so specified on the Bill

When Money is wanted; the Application for it never originally moves from the Treasurer, except in the Tingle Instance of Money to pay Fees, and other contingent Expences: this he craves of himself, when that Fund is nearly exhaulled; in all other Cafes, the Board in whose Department it is, by Letter, desire him to present a Memorial to the Lords of the Treasury, specifying the Sum wanted, and for what particular Service; the Memorial pursues the Letter, and thelflueis directed from the Exchequer in the Terms of the Memorial. The Treasurer immediately certifies to the Navy Board the whole Sum he receives, and to the other Boards, so much of that Sum as concerns them; he also transmits to the Navy Board an Account of all his Receipts and Payments in the Cashier's and Victualling Branch every Fortnight, and in the Pay Branch every Month; by these Means they have an exact Knowledge of the State of his Balance under each Head of Service. Each of these Boards enter in their Books all the Assignments they make upon him for Payment; of which they transmit to him a List; hence they know what the actual Demands upon him amount to; and, from their Experience in the Course of the Navy Business, they can form some Conjecture relative to the probable approaching Demands that may be made upon him in the various Branches of the Service. By such Knowledge and Conjecture these Boards are guided in their Directions to the Treasurer, as to the Time when, the Quantum of the Sum, and the Service for which every Application for a Supply is to be made to the Treasury.

At the End of every Month the Navy Board transmit to the Treasury a Certificate, containing an exact State ©fall the Receipts and Payments made by the Treasurer during that Month, as they appear from their Books; hence the Lords of the Treasury have full Knowledge of the State of his Balance every Month: This Certificate for the Month of August last we procured from the Navy Office, on which the Balance in the Hands 2^ of the Treasurer appears to be Two hundred Sixty thousand Seven hundred Sixteen Pounds One Shilling and Eight Pence Farthing.

Being made acquainted thus far with the Course of Business in this Office, our next Step was to resolve this Balance of Three hundred Forty-eight Thousand Nine hundred Forty-one Pounds Eleven Shillings and Nine Pence into its constituent Parts, and compare the Quantum of each Part, as far as we could, with the actual and probable Demands of Service upon it on the 31st of August, the Date of his Return.

The first Circumstance that engaged our Attention, was a Difference between the Treasurer's Balance and the Navy Balance, upon the same Day, the 31st of

3 S August

£.348,941, 11, 9. £-260,716. 1. 8£.

250 7 0 Martii* A. 1781.

Third August, the former exceeding the latter by the Slim of

Report of Eighty-eight thoulandTwo hundred Twenty five Pounds of Public" Ten Shillings and Three Farthing; this Difference Accounts, lies in the Cailiier's and Vdualling Branches, and "T+ arises from the following Cause: — When the Three

Boards assign Bills upon the Treasurer for Payment, ® they immediately give him Credit for those Bills, in

his Account kept at their Offices j but the Treasurer c? does not himself take Credit for any Bills in his own

£ Account till he actually pays them. The Persons

® who receive these Bills do not always immediately pre-

*? sent them to the Treasurer for Payment, but frequently

keep them in their Possession for a conffderable Time. The Treasurer's Balance mult therefore exceed the Navy Balance as much as the Sum of the Bills assigned upon him for Payment exceeds the Sum of the Bills actually paid by him. We conceive this Excess is not Money for which the Treasurer is accountable to the Public, but belongs to the Proprietors of those Bills, and remains in his Hands at their Rilk, until they apply to him for Payment. This Sum, therefore, we think, should be deducted from his Balance.

We, in the next Place, observed that several Sums in each Branch were not actually in the Hands of the Treasurer, but of his Officers and Clerks, either carrying on Services in or at the distant Ports,

whither these Sums were directed to be sent by the Navy Board, to carry on the Services at those Ports: It may reasonably be prefomed that the Boards would not have directed into the Hands of the Officers, nor the Treasurer have intruded them with, larger Sums than were wanted; and therefore these Sums, too, may be deducted from the Treasurer's Balance; which wili reduce the Public Money actually in his Hands

to to the Sum of One hundred Twenty-eight thousand

"* Eighty-three Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Ten Pence

«o Farthirrg, as appears by the State inserted in the Ap-

o 26. pendix. The constituent Parts of this Balance, under

*5 ' their several Heads of Service, confiding of a Variety

~ of Articles, are dated in the Navy Certificate j some of them carry the Appearance of having been applied for sooner than the Services seem to have required; but, upon Examination, we find that the Boards do not direct an Application for a Supply to any Fund, until they know that Fund Is nearly, or likely soon to be exhauded. The Treasury are sometimes prevented from granting the Issue until many Days after it is craved; and therefore the Boards are carefnl to apply early enough, to guard agaitift the Hazard of a Demand upon an exhauded Fund. To search into the actual and probable Demands, at that Time, upon each of these Sums, was hardly practicable; one Circumdance alone might enable us to judge with suffi-cieut Accuracy, whether the Sum Total was too large or not; that is, in what Time this Balance was in Fatt paid away by the Treasurer. It appears from his Accounts for the Month of August, that this whole Balance, and much more, was received by him during that Month; and by his Accounts for the Month of N* 27. September, transmitted to us pursuant to our Requifi-tion, it appears that not only the Balance remaining on the 31st of August, but a much larger Sum, was in Fact paid away by him during the succeeding Month. Conddering, therefore, this Sum by itself, independent of, and unconnected with his other Receipts and Payments, prior and subsequent to the Date of this Balance, we have no Grounds to say that this individual Sum, received in One Month, and paid away in the next, was more than the Service required should be in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Navy upon the 31st of August lad.

But it was necessary to extend our Inquiry dill farther. What is the Amount of the Sum that has been continually in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Navy, and has that Sum been more than the 24

current.Services required ? To come at this Knowledge, we obtained from the Navy Odice an Account of the N* 28-Total Sums received anti paid by the Treasurer of the Navy for every Month, from the itt o 1779

to the 31st of August lad, with the Total of the Balances remaining in his Hands at the End of each Month, as they appear in the Monthly Certificates to the Treasury.

As the Public Money should pass without Delay from the Pocket of the Subject into the Exchequer, so it ought not to issue out of the Exchequer, either before it is wanted, or in larger Sums than the Service for which it is issued requires. By this lad Account, a very large Sum has been conftaiitly in his Hands, during the Period therein mentioned, exclusive of the Amount of Bills assigned upon him, but not presented to him for Payment. The principal Cause of the Magnitude of this Balance, is, the Practice, in this Office, of not applying Money issued under one Head, towards satisfying a Demand upon any other Head of Service; the Consequence of which is, when the Money upon the Account of any Head of Service is nearly exhausted, a Supply mud be procured for that Service, how abundant l'oever the Sums upon other Heads of Accounts, or the Sum Total of his Calli, may be. Were all the Sums he receives to conditute and be considered as one common general Calli, and be applied indiferi-minately to every Service, a much less Sum than the lowed of the Balances in the Account Jad-mentioned would, in our Opinion, fufiice to carry on the current Services of the Navy, even various and extendve as they now are. It would create no Confudon in the Accounts; for the Receipts and Payments under each Head of Service might dill be kept didinct; and though the Payments might frequently exceed the Receipts on some Heads of Accounts, yet the Treasurer would not be without sufficient Cadi, and the next Issue from the Exchequer would restore the Balances. What the Sum necessary for carrying on the Service should be, mud depend upon Circomdances; it will be different at different Times, and mnd be left principally to the Discretion of those Commissioners from whom the Direction for Supplies move, who, being conversant in the Business, can bed determine. But, to enable the Lords of the Treasury likewise to judge of the Propriety of, and be a Check and Contro'ul upon, the Requid-tion, we are of Opinion, that, besides the Certificate sent every Month from the Navy Board, an Accouat of the Sum Total of the Balance in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Navy should be inserted in every Application for a Supply to the Treasury.

We have not been inattentive to Defeats we have observed in this Office during the Course of our Inquiries;

DefeCls which concern the Officer, the.Office, and the Public.

The Treasurer finds his Business does not end with his Office; his Accounts are dill open: He goes on, receiving and paying, until he feels himself, his Family, and his Fortune, subject to all the Evils of long Public Accounts far in Arrear, and the Difficulties of rendering an Account increasing daily: He continues responsible for Millions, without an Expectation of obtaining his final Discharge during his Life.

The Office is perplexed with the Multiplicity of these Accounts. — There are Four didinct Accounts, of Four Treasurers of the Navy, at this Time open at the Pay Office, and Business is carried on upon every one of them at the same Time, by the same Officers, when the current Business of the present Treasurer > alone would find Employment enough for them all*

There have been idued to Three of these Treasurers, for the Navy Service, upwards of Thirty-three Millions, the Accounts of which are not paffid; exclusive J of above Twenty-five Millions to the late Mr. Grenville, whose final Account is not yet settled; and of

Sixteen

21 Geo. III. 7° Martii.

25r

Sixteen Millions to the prefer]t Treasurer, none of whole Accounts could as yet he settled.

The Navy Accounts in July last, when the Imprest Certificate was transmitted to us, were in Arrear in the Otlice of the Auditor of the Imprest Twenty-two Years. This Delay7 is occasioned by the Accounts of the subsequent Years net being made up at the Pay Otlice of the Navy, where there is a Want of Officers and Clerks for this Department. A sufficient Number of Persons, intelligent in this Branch, should forthwith be provided by tire proper Authority with adequate Salaries, for the sole Purpose of proceeding upon, bringing forward, and making up these Accounts, with as much Dispatch as the Nature of the Business will admit.

By this Delay in making up the Accounts, the Public loles the Use, at lead, of considerable Sums of their own Money; not that the Principal itself has always been safe. A Defaulter of above Twenty-seven thousand Pounds Hands at the Head of the Lift of Trea-iurers of the Navy upon the Imprest Certificate.

We inquired why a Treasurer, under the present Constitution of the Office, might not, upon his Resignation, immediately pay over his Balance to the Successor, or into the Exchequer, and all the subsequent Transactions of Office be carried on by the Treasurer for the Time being. — Two Reasons were assigned for the Necessity of keeping open his Accounts, though out of Office.

ift That sufficient Time may be given to his Sub-Accountants to clear theirlmprefts.

The Sub-Accountants are certainly very numerous; and as, according to the present Mode of puffing these Accounts, they mud all be set insuper upon the final Account, was that Account to be made up soon after the Expiration of the Treasurership, it would be very voluminous and troublesome to the Office. — But, since the Treasurer in Office does now clear the Imprefts of feme of his Predecessors, and can clear the Imprells of all, and the Three Boards can, at their Pleasure, call upon the Sub-Accountants to clear their Imprefts, we do not think this Reason conclusive.

2d. That the Payment of his Ships Books may be completed.

A Ship's Book is the Voucher for the Treasurer who pays it: Two cannot pay upon the same Book; it would create Confusion, as the Payments of the one could not, without great Trouble and Difficulty, be distinguished from those of the other; it could not therefore be made a Voucher for Two Treasurers. To enable a Treasurer in Office to carry on the Payment of a Ship's Book open in the Time of his Predecefior, 4he Names of all the Seamen not paid must be ab-liracted, and entered in a new Book; a Work of great Labour and Length of Time, where the Books are so numerous; and during all that Time no Payment of Wages could be made to the Seamen unpaid upon those Books.

Upon the Examination of a Ship's Book, there ap- Third pears a Foundation for this Objection, which opens a c:ommif?.ness Door for a possible Mischief, worthy Consideration. It of Public is in the Power of a Treasurer of the Navy, retiring Awiim* in Difgnft, to refuse carrying on any more Payments, and by that Means to put a Stop, for Eight Months or more, to the Payment of all the Seamen on the numerous Volumes of Ships Books open at the several Ports in his Treasurership. Mr. Grenville left open above Thirteen Hundred. This Evil does not rest in Speculation: We have an Inilance of it in Evidence. N*6.

The Office that does hot gurird against the Possibility of such an Evil, is fundamentally7 defective.

These Defers should be speedily corrected. To alter the Constitution of the Office; to abolish the fub-ordinate Treasury; to render the Treasurer a mere Accountant; and to vary the Mode of accounting, carry with them a strong Appearance of an effectual Remedy: But were we, in the present State of our Inquiries, to come to Decisions of such Moment, we should be premature, perhaps rath. It is easier to see the Defeats than to supply the Regulation. The Pay of the Navy is an important Object; and any Alteration in the Mode should be well weighed before it is adopted; it should be traced through all its Effects, and perfectly ascertained to be as feasible in Practice as it is specious in Theory. To disturb, to confound, or to delay (Effects not unfrequent, when Novelty of Form is introduced, and new Principles applied to an old Office) might be attended with very feripus Consequences.

The Defers, to which we have alluded, presented themselves in the Course of an Examination made, in Obedience to the Ad, for a more limited Purpose.

Coming, however, before us, they are, in our Opinion, too important to be passed over in Silence: We thought it our Duty to point them out, that, should they be deemed a proper Subject for the Exercise of the Wisdom of the Legislature, the solid Advantages, which would result to the Public from their Correction, might not be delayed. Had we protracted this Report until we were possessed of Materials for a well-grounded Opinion upon these Points, we must have disobeyed the Ad, that enjoins us to report, in the first Place, upon the Balances in the Hands of Accountants in this Session of Parliament, to the End that the Public Money, long ago issued, and still remaining in their Hands, may, with all convenient Speed, be restored to the Possession of the Public.

Office of Accounts, Guy Carleton, (L. S.)

Bell Yard, T. Angui/k, (L. S.)

6th March 1781. A. Piggott, (L. S.)

Richd Neave, (L. S.)

Sam1 Beachcroft, (L. S.)

Geo. Drummond. (L. S.)

Vol. 38.

APPENDIX.

*5*

7 ° Marti. 1781.

Third Report of Commits oners

of Public Accounts*

APPENDIX.

N* r *

To the King's Remembrancer of the Exchequer.

Triuity Term 1780. We hereby certify how far the several Accountants have passed their Accounts before us, to the End Process may issue against Defaulters, according to the Cotirfe of the Exchequer.

Treasurers of the Navy.

Executors of//;z//wwyViscountr His final Account, ending 4th April 1689, is declared, with a Balance due from Falkland. \ the Accountant of £.27,611. 6s. 5\d.

The Right honourable George Grenville. By Patent, dated 25th of November 1756.

" His Accounts from 25th November 1756, his Second Appointment, to 31st December 1758, are declared. The Navy and Victualling Ledgers Part of his Accounts, from ift of January 1759 to 31st December 1761, are under Examination.

Lord Viscount Rtf By

Patent dated the 2d of June-1762.

Has delivered his Navy and Victualling Ledgers Part of his Accounts, in the several Years from 2d June 1762 to 31st of December 1764.

He hath delivered several Se&ions of his Navy and Victualling Ledgers, from lft January 1765 to 9th August following.

Richard Lord Viscount Howe. By Patent, dated 9th of Au-

g'l/1 1765-

" He has delivered several Se&ions of his Navy and Victualling Ledgers, from oth August 1765, the Day of his Appointment, to 31st December following.

He has delivered several Sections of his Navy Ledgers Part of his Accounts, fur Four Years, ending 31st December 1769.

Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet.

C Has delivered several Sections of his Navy and Victualling Ledgers, from lotfi \ March 1770, the Date of his Patent, to 31 It- December 1777.

*53

2i Geo. III. 7° Martii.

ThW

N° 2. Report of

Cocnmiiliotiers

of Public

Ax ACCOUNT of the Balances in the Hands of the late Treasurers of the Navy; from the Returns Account* made by them to the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and Rate, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

Treasurer. Date of the Balance. B R A K C H. Total.

George G, £squire. 30th June 1779* Pay Branch. For Wages - - -Half Pay - -Sick Quarters 1,471 16 4I 193 1810 103 9 10 *>769 5 — i 7*475 i4 4$ 3,115 4~

31st December 1779. Catl tier's. In the Bauk ... Money and Premiums Mr. Slade's Hands -Exchequer Fees, Sc* i,954 4 H 362 O ii 193 17 2| 4.965 3 4

Victualling. Balance remaining 12,360 3 4| ;j 1 T

Lord Visconnt Barrington. 21 ft September 1780. Pay Branch. For Wages - Half Pay - -Sick Quarters Bounty to Chaplains 3,048 14 533 13 1 . 3 219 — 1: 8 3,802 11 74 6,57a 2 5 3>388 *3 if . >* 1 < . V '1 ' ': 1

i ;/ CWhier'?. For pay ingNavy Bills — Exchequer F ees,&* <? 1,207 9 5>364 *3: 3 2 1'

I t Victualling. Balance remaining . — - . *3,763 7

Lord Viscount Howe, r aSth.Jngujl ... 1780. t 1; Pay Branch. For Wages - -Yards - - -Half Pay - > -Bounty toChaplains 8,067 7 i,*38 3 i*731 *3 226 1 i* 3 6 6 . 1 11,263 5 4f 9,056 af 2,807 3 lOf 1 1 1, r 11 »

Cashier's. For.Payraentof Bills — Exchequer Fees — f 4,599 4 4,43$ *7 ‘ 9l- 5 t l I . »»1 ' - r . 1 . 1 t. 1

.. J. i; -w \ ' . /. t < .*'';, ‘ . 1 . Victualling. ;: Balance renaaining — m- to to 23,106 f. it; 5f

;t *.: n . ' ' . I.i.

-.j; Sir Gilbert Elliot# 1 fu. u . .» tiSthO&ober 2178b; ' , 1 t X \ " ' \ - 1 / „ '; > r; '. 1 in ..J ‘ " ,/.i Pay. Branch.; For Wages -. . Yard* *... i -.Half Pity - r-' Sick Quarters - - Bounty toChaplains . t . ,» i - - Qii'jo'iC M14 V -874 -6 46 14 rr. - 4e 9l if 5; 61 f , / 1‘ w - 1 5,948 17 lOf 14,198 19 Il| 7,4*5 18 *f . >1 i t *) 1 till li, . > ' 1 1 *. *

- ! J Cashier's. For Payment of Bills — Exchequer Fees — r. , .: to,447 6 3,75t 13; 9* ft ‘f >\V.; j; 'i

Victualling. Balance remaining — «, to * ' - y ! v.,.4 c- i 1

» . I. V I i , ' 4

9 X 76,793 l8V.j£

Vol. 38. . V 3T > N* 3.

Third P.eport of Conimiflvoner* of Public Accounts.

254

7° Martii. A. 1781.

N-3

The Examination of George Swaffield, Esquire, Cashier of the Victualling, in the Pay Office of the Navy; taken upon Oath, the 18th and 19th of October 1780.

This Examinant faith. That he now is, and has been between Seven and Eight Years, Cashier of the Victualling, under the Treasurer of the Navy, and that he has been upwards of Thirty-three Years in the Pay Office of the Navy.

That his Business is to receive and pay all Money issued to the Treasurer of the Navy on the Head of Victualling.

That the Office of the Treasurer of the Navy con-fists of Three Branches, the Paymaster's, the Cashier's, and Victualling.

That he superintends and takes Care of the Accounts of the late George Grenville, Esquire, and of Lord Viscount Barrington, late Treasurers of the Navy.

That it is the Practice of the Office for the Pay-tn after to superintend the Accounts of the Treasurers of the Navy, after they are out of Office; and that, during Mr. Wallis's Time, who was Paymaster to Mr. Grenville and Lord Barrington, but very infirm, he transacted the Business for him, and on his Death the said Business devolved upon him.

That he thinks the Balance of One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine Pounds Five Shillings, returned by Lord Temple to be in his Hands as Representative of George Grenville, Esquire, under the Head of Wages, is not likely to be demanded on that Head, the Books being all made up for that Branch.

That in the Cashicr's Account, he thinks the Balance of Seven thousand Four hundred and Seventy-five Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Four Pence Halfpenny, will be exhausted ih Fees and Gratuities to be paid on passing the Accounts; for larger Sums passed through Mr. Grenville's Hands, in the Four last Years of his Treasurership, and the Auditor's Fees increase in proportion.

That in the Victualling Branch he thinks there may be some few Bills, but to no great Amount, still to be paid out of the Balance of Three thousand One hundred and Fifteen Pounds Four Shillings, remaining on that Head, and that the Residue will be exhausted in Fees and Gratuities.

He believes that some Sections of Mr. Grenville's Accounts for the Year 1757 and 1758, were delivered into the Auditor's Office soon after the Expiration of those Years, and that the voluntary Charge, the Account of Payments of Wages to Seamen for the Years 1759 and 1760, are not yet delivered in to the Auditor, but are ligned by the Commissioners of the Navy, and wiH be iddivered in a few Days, which will complete the Accounts for these Two Years; that all Payments by Bills, for both the Navy and Victualling Branches, for the Year 1761, have been delivered into the Audffor's Office near Eighteen Years. It es . a Rule in the Office, to fend in these Parts of t he Treasurer's Accounts as foeedily as possible after the Year Expires.

That none of the Accounts for the Year are as yet sent into the Auditor's Office, that being Mr. Grenville's final Account, which is the most troublesome, and the Office wishes to have the former Accounts cleared, before any Part of the final Account is delivered in, as the Persons who have received Money on Account, and have not cleared their Accounts, are returned insuper in the final Account, and the Treasurer then, and not before* takes Credit for the Sums he has advanced them, and all the Tran factions of his Treasurership are then finally doled.

_ That he believes all Mr. Grenville s Accounts, as far as relates to the Treasurer of the Navy's Office, will

be in the Auditor's Office before the End of the Year 1782, and finished there by the End of the following Year.

That the Reason why the Ships Books, for the Payment of Seamen's Wages, cannot be delivered in along with those of the Payment of Bills, is, because they must be kept open to give the Seamen an Opportunity to receive their Wages; which they often cannot do, when the Ships are ordered to be paid, being turned over to other Ships, and dispersed in different Parts of the World.

The Ships Books are generally kept open for Recalls about Seven or Eight Years, and are then made up as they come in Course in Order of Time. When a Ship's Book is onceclosed, no further Payment can be made upon it, but the Seaman entitled to his Wages must apply by Petition to the Navy Board, who order the Wages to be entered on the Lift of Arrears, and paid out of the Money received on the Head of Wages; the Treasurer's Accounts for any Year cannot be made up until all the Ships Books of that Year are doled; the same Reason holds as to the voluntary Charge, that Account cannot be completed until the Ships Books are closed.

When a Treasurer's final Account is passed, he pays the Balance remaining in his Hands into the Exchequer.

That a Treasurer's Account must necessarily be kept open after he is out of Office, to give Time to those who have received Money from him upon Account, to clear their Accounts; and that a Treasurer's Account cannot be made up, and the Balance paid over to hi.* Successor, soon after he goes out of Office, because of the Trouble it would create to the Office, and the Delay of paying the Seamen's Wages; as all the Sums not paid by him must be extracted, and carried over to new Books, to be paid by the succeeding Treasurer; for different Treasurers cannot pay on the same Book* as one Voucher cannot be admitted for Two Persons.

That this Examinant believes Mr. Grenville paid in his Treasurership between Thirteen and Fourteen hundred Ships Books, which were left open when he went out of Office.

That the Treasurer for the Time being has no Power to call upon any Persons, to whom Bills have been issued by Way of Imprest, to clear their Accounts; that is the Business of the Navy, Victualling, and Srck and Hurt Boards.

This Examinant further faith. That as to Lord Barrington's Account, none of his Paymaster's Accounts are yet in the Auditor's Office; they cannot be sent in until Mr. Grenville's Accounts are settled in the Treasurer's Office, as the Clerks must finish one before they begin another.

That he thinks there may be some small Demands still made upon Lord Barrington for Wages, but to no great Amount; and the Navy and Victualling Boards may still assign Bills upon him for 'Payment, so asJLo reduce his Balance to such Sum only as shall be fufti-cient to pay the Expencek of passing his Accounts; and they do exercise that Power.

That he believes all Lord Barrington's Accounts will be complete in the Auditor's Office within Three Y'ears after Mr. Grenville's are finished; and that there are no other Services to be carried on with these Balances, except such as are above-mentioned.

Geo. SzcaJfielcL

Guy Carletony T.AnguiJhy Richd Neave9 Geo. Drummond,

Sam1 BeachctoJ't.

N-4.

21 Geo. III.

Martii.

255

N* 4,

The further Examination of George Swaffield, Esquire; taken upon Oath, the t6th February f 1781.

This Examinant faith. That after a Person has received Money, by way of Imprest, from either the Navy, Victualling, or Sick and Hurt Boards, he delivers in an Account of his Disbursements to the same Board. They settle his Account; and if a Balance is due from him to Government, in the Navy and Sick and Hurt Offices, an Entry is generally made at the Foot of his clearing Bill, that such Balance is to be paid in to clear the Account. This Bill goes to the Treasurer; who receives that Balance, either to clear the Imprest, or, if the Imprest was in a former Treasurer-ship, to become a Part of his voluntary Charge. In the Victualling Office, they write to the Treasurer, desiring him to receive the Balance, in order to clear the Imprest.

In the Navy Branch, alone, the Number of Imprefts is always great, and if a Treasurers Account was to be made up soon after his Resignation, ail those Persons whose Imprefts were not cleared must be returned in-super, and every Imprest Bill described upon his final Account. The Practice of the Auditor's Office makes this necessary, and is one Cause of the Delay in passing a Treasurer's final Account.

The Sum under the Head of Fees and Contingencies, is applied by the Treasurer in Office to the Payment Fees at the Treasury and Exchequer, upon his Application for and Receipt of Money, and to the Payment of other small incidental Expences. After he is out of Office, this Sum is applied solely to the Payment of the Fees of passing his Accounts.

When the voluqtary Charge of any Year's Account is carried into the Office of the Auditor of the Imprest, the Fees for passing that Year's Account are then settled, and paid out of Money remaining in his Hands under the Head of Exchequer Fees, Sic.; which Sum they allow in his Account. The Expence of procuring the Quietus is paid by him in pursuance of a Bill made out by the Navy Board, and assigned upon him for Payment, out of the same Fund.

When the final Account is ready to be passed, the Officers and Clerks who have carried oq the Accounts of a Treasurer ever finqe he was out of Office, and who have no other Reward or Emolument for, that Business, petition the Lords of the Treasury for an Allowance for this extra Trouble, in proportion to the Length of the Treasurership, the Sum. accounted, for* and the Extent of the Account. The Treasury refer the Memorial to the Auditors ofi the Imprest, to examine and certify whether the Sum applied for be reasonable $ and upon Their Report' the Lords of the Treasury issue a; Warrant to the Auditors, to allow that Sum out of any , Money reqiaining in the Hands of that Treasurer; who pays, it to the Officers and Clerks in pursuance of that Warrant

' Geo. Srcaffield.

T. Anguijhy

A.Piggott,;

Rich* Heave, (

Sam1 Readier oft.

Geo. Drummond.;

N*

The Examination of Andrew Douglas, Esquire, Paymaster to the Treasurer of the Navy; taken upon Oath, 25th of October 1780.

This Examinant faith, That he now is, and has been for upwards of Ten Years, Paymaster to the Treasurer of the Navy.

Vol. 38.

That he superintends the Accounts of Sir Gilbert Elliot, late Treasurer of the Navy.

That, according to the Report of the Clerks of the Office, from their Books, the last Se&ions of his Victualling Ledgers, to the Year 1778, were delivered in to the Auditor's Office on the 17th June 1779.

That he cannot form any Judgment when Sir Gilbert Elliots Accounts will be finally passed.

That he is informed, and believes, all the Open Accounts of the Treasurers of the Navy are proceeded upon at the same Time; but a subsequent Treasurer's Account is never finished until his Predecessor's is finally closed.

That the Balance that was in the Hands of Sir Gilbert Elliot, when his Treasurership expired, has been red uced by Pay men ts made on the Head of W ages. Navy, Victualling, and Sick and Hurt Bills, assigned by these Boards upon him for Payment.

That the Balance remaining is applicable to the several Services for which the Money was granted, and the Payment of the Expence of passing his Accounts.

That he believes the Expence of passing the late Sir Gilbert Elliots Accounts will amount to Five thousand Seven hundred Pounds and upwards, besides the usual Allowance granted to the Officers and Clerks employed in the Treasurer's Office in settling the Accounts, which he thinks may, according to former Instances, amount to Four thousand Pounds more, and upwards.

That he knows of no Rule which governs the Navy Board, as to the Amount of the Balance they permit to remain in the Hands of a Treasurer of the Navy, after he is out of Office.

Andrew Douglas.

T. Anguish, .

A. Piggott, , .

Geo. Drummond,

Sam1 Readier oft. .; '

n* 6. / .;

The Examination' of Mr. Adam Jellicoe, Chief Clerk to the Paymaster in the Office of the Treasurer of the Navy; taken upon Oath, the ' 27th of October 1780.

This Examinant faith, That he now is, and has been for near Four Years, Chief Clerk to the Paymaster in the Office of the Treasurer of the Navy, and, that be has been in the Tay Office of the Navy about. Forty Years. . 4 . ....

v That it is a Branch of his Office to make up, the Ships Books, and to settle the Accounts of the Treasurers of the Navy, as far as relates, to the Paymaster's Branch. , ....

v That all the Ships Books of Loud Barrington's and Ldrd Howe's Treasurership are made up.

That the Number of Ships Books paidi upon by Lord.Barrington, was Six hundred and Seventy-nine; and by Lord Hozoe, Six hundred and Twenty-five.

That Sir Gilbert Elliot, the late Treasurer,.paid upon Eight hundred and Sixty-four Ships Books, of which Three Hundred and Twenty-six ace m^e,^up$ that none of these Books were begun to be made up until the Treasurership was expired, in order ,to give Time to the Claimants to come in and be paid; the last Book made up of Sir Gilbert Elliots Treasurership, was that paid in June 1772; that Ships Books are made up in Course, in Order of Time; and that he believes it may be near Three Years more, before all the Ships Books in Sir Gilbert Elliots Treasurership can be made up.

That he remembers, when Sir John Rnjhout was dif-placed from his Treasurership, he refused to carry on any Payments, and, in consequence, all the Ships Books

iu

Third Report of

Conunifliouer*

of Public Account!.

2 5 6. 7° Martii ^.1781.

1 bird Report of Commidjnners ' of Public Accounts.

in his Time were abflca&ed, and the Names of those Men who had not received their Pay were taken out and entered in a JBook, which was called the Abstracfc of that Ship's Book. This Work took, as he believes, about Eight or Nine Months to perform, and nothing Could be paid in the Mean Time on any One Book, until the Abstract offuchBook was completed.

That when the Books are finally closed, he make$.up the voluntary Charge of the Pay Branch.

That the voluntary Charge for the last Half Year of Mr. Grenvilles Treasurership is just fmiflied, and the First Year of the voluntary Charge of Lord Barrington's Treasurership is drawn out, and Part of the Second Year is nearly finished.

That the Reafohs Why these Accounts are so far in Arrear, are, the great Labour there is in making them up, and the great Quantity of current Business in the Office*; for It is the Business of the fafne Clerks to rpak,e up the Accounts of former Treaftirers, and to carry on the present Bufyiefs yof the Office.

' f Adam Jdlicoe.

Guy CarMon....

‘ AjPiggfitt,;

Geo. Drummond,

' Sain1 Beachcroft.

Book to the Navy Board, where it is examined and correfl ed by the Master Books; and the Wages of those Officers who have been paid, and of those Men who are .'upoti that Book, and have been paid, either upon being turned over to other Sliifis, or becomiogtmserviceable, or being dead, are marked off; the Book is* then re-rurned to th^Comipiffione^s Office at the Port where the Ship is to*be paid; the Captain settles the Day of Payment witfytbe Comrtiissioner, and for'this Service Money is font down by the Treasurer to his Pay Clerks* at that Port, in pursuance of a, Minute of the Navy Board made for that Purpose, a Copy of which is sent to the Treasurer. 'This Book, after the Day of Payment is over, reiqaips in the Pay Office at the Port, for the Purpose of carrying on Recalls, until the Navy Board orders it to the Office in London, to be made up; and those Books at the Pay Office which are not actually making up, are (till open for Recalls. All Payments after the fixed Day oFPayment are (tiled Recalls.

The Half Pay Lifts open in a Treasurerlliip, continue to be paid upon by the Treasurer, after he is out of Office, until they are made up. which is usually done after the Ships Books are closed. None of Sir Gilbert Elliot's Half Pay Lifts are as yet made up.

Adam Jdlicoe.

' .;N# i- v.

The further Efcamination of Mr. Adam Jellicoe; taken upon Oath, the 18th December 1780.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggotty Sam1 Beachcrofty Geo. Drummond*

This E^aminaiit faith. The Ships Books of Sir Gilbert Elliot's Treasurership, that are still open for Claimants, are Five hundred and Six; Payments are madp upon these Books once a Week, to those Persons who apply, out of the Money in the Hands of the Representative of Sir Gilbert EUioty on the Head of Wages.

The Sum of Two thousand One hundred and Seventy Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Nine Pence Three Farthings, mentioned in the Return made by Sir Gilbert Elliot to this Board, dated the 16th of October9 last, on the Head of Wages, being nearly exhausted, the Navy Board, about Five Weeks ago, required the Treasurer to cravp from the Tree fury five thousand Poiwds as a Supply, to pay Claims in the Tmafiirership of the late Sir Gilbert Elliot; which Sum was obtained, andafligaed by Bill from the1 Navy Board: upon the present Tresu-ftrfcr;fbjr Payment to the Representatives of Sir Gilbert Ellioy on the Head of Wages.

The Navy Board do hot direct the Payment of Wages out of any other Fqnd in the Hands of the Treasurer, than that under the Head of Wages; and that Fund appji cable to the1 Payment of Wages only.

The Sums under the Heads of Half Pay, and Bounty to Chaplains, aje applicable to any D^maj>ds that may be made V for tlictfe StfrV ices upon the tate Treasurers, ip like Manner as the^pmruuqet the Head, of Wages.

*ioqs: Liu: -a v- * *' 1 - " ,

.oiim-r.frr.-c ' ..... ' ‘

" .....; :' M r

V'V , J ,1

y:yri

*:' StM' Ikahtrbftj* }; ..

t,kQeb;^faitmijtytdy ''. ‘ ", ' , ‘‘i

N° 9*

The Examination of Mr Francis Cooke, Ledger Writer in the Gartner's Branch, under the Treasurer of thfe Navy; taken upon Oath, the id of November 1780.

This Examinant faith, That lie is one of the Ledger Writers in the Cashier's Branch, under the Treasurer of the Navy.

That it is a Part of his Business to see that the Navy Ledgers are made up, and, after they are examined and signed by the Navy Board, to fend them to the Auditor's Office.

That Lord Howe's Navy and Sick and Hurt Se&ions, to the End of the Year 1769, are all sent to the Audi? for's Office;: the Abstracts for those Years are in the Pay Office, and he*1 believes are finillied; the Sections for the Year 177b, which is the final Aecount, are in great Forwardness. He believes the Abstracte of Lord Bar-tington's Ledgers are not yet finished.

That the Sections of Sir Gilbert Elliot's Navy and Siek and Hurt Ledgers', for the Years 1771 and 177it were sent into the Auditor*s Office in December 'x 774 i those for the next' Four Years are all finished, and signed by the* Navy Board, but not sent to the Auditor's Office, because it is needless, as there are so many there not passed, wA as the Abstracts are none of them finished. , \

That the Sections of Mr. Ellis's Navy and Sipjc and Hurt Ledgers, for the Years 1777 and 1778, are finished, signed by the Navy Board, and feut to the Auditor's Office; those for the Y~ear 1779 am now under Examination at the Navy Office.

The further Examination Of Mr. Adam Jellicoe^ taken up Oath, the 19 th February 178$.

This Examine faith. That when the Time is comp for paying a Ship's Wages, the Captain fends his Ship's 14

Gy,. Qharleton,

T. Anguijlyr .;

Sam. Beachcroftyv Geo. Drummond.

U li. ].

\ . ii t* / *. 4 J -li - i>.

, V -- r‘T

Fran. Cooke.

N® 10.

2i Geo. Ill

7' Marliu

257

tv" 10.

Third Report of

CommissionerB of Public ^ccouny*

An ACCOUNT of Hie federal Balances remaining in the Hands of the Persons under-mentioned, at the Time they respectively ceased to he Treasurers of His Majesty's Navy; Dize.

Mr. GrenviHe's 2d Treasurership, succeeded by Lord Barrington the ad June 1762.

Paymaster's Balance, 30th June 1762 - - - - 101,428 3 ai

Cashier's D° - - - 14th June 17.62 ----- - 85,958 9 5

Victualling I)0 - - O' - - - - . - - - 46,649 14 5

Lord Barrington's Treasurership, succeeded by Lord Howe the 9th August 1765.

Paymaster's Balance, 31st August 1765 - - - - 54,389 5 4

Cashier's D° - - - 14th - - - - 41,977 13 8J

Victualling D* - - D® - - 36,5*9 19 n£

Lord Howe's Treasurership, succeeded by Sir Gilbert Elliot the 19th March 1779.

Pavmailer's Balance, 31st March 1770 ----- - 44,408 5 — }

Cashier's D® - - - D° - - 24,918 4 9

Victualling D° - - D* - - 9,514 4 3

Sir Gilbert. Elliot's Treasurership, succeeded by Mr. Ellis the 12th June x 777.

Paymaster's Balance, 30th June 1777 ----- - 41,153 12 ill

Cashier's D° - - - 14th.....63,927 18 if

Victualling D° - tD" - .- 26,638 1 11

Taken from the Certificate Books remaining in this Office.

234>36 7 1

132,886 19 — I

78,840 14 —

s

131,719 13 — i

Pay-Office, 17th O 1780.

Andrew Douglas.

N* i*.

An Account of the Time when the last Ship's Book was made up in the Treasurerships of Mr. Grenville, Lord Barrington, and Lord llowe.

The last Book in Mr. Grenville's Treasurership, was made up in February 1771; the Half Pay Lilts, Lifts

of Officers, Lifts for Seamen removed from one Ship to another, SCc",were all made up in September 1771.

The lait Book in Lord Barrington's Treasurership

was made up in October 1775; and all the Lifts, &V*, were completed in February 1776.

The lait Book in Lord Howe's Treasurership was made up in March 1778; and the Lilts, &'c°, were finally closed in September 1778.

The Number of Ships Books paid in the Treasurership of the Right honourable to the 31st

August 1780, amounts to 824.

Adam Jellicoe.

Treasury Office of the Navy,

13 th February 1781.

V.

V'oL. 38.

3U

N* 12.

Third Report of CommiflKmeri of Public Accounts.

258

Martii.

A. 1781.

N* it.

A STATE of the late Right honourable George Grenville's Balance, as Treasurer of the Navy, at the

following Periods:

On the 31st December

On the 30th September

1762

*763

1764

*7^5

1766

17C7

1768

1769

1770

‘77‘

1772

1773 T 774 1775 1770

1777 1780

14th February 1781.

x. rf. 68,640 — < 1 f 37,681 11 7I 33.59° ‘5 9^ 2‘»5‘4 3 ‘°f 16,049 18 7l

13.961 *5 8* ‘5.‘5f 7 2i 4.235 18 5*

26,528 17 7i 26,294 8 Ilf

26.145 1° 8f

25»913 *3 I0f 14,899 6 6

13,210 11 11

15.146 10 — 4

12.360 7 8f

12.360 3 4f

Geo.

N* 13.

An ACCOUNT of the Balance remaining in the Hands of the Right Honourable Lord Viscount,

at the End of every Year, since he ceased to be Treasurer of the Navy. Prepared in pursuance of a Requisition from the Commissioners of Public Accounts, dated 23d Instant;

At the End of the Year

26th February 1781.

£. s. d.

1765 49,798 4 6

1766 31,201 2 if

1767 20,448 19 11

1768 19,938 18 8 {

1769 18,940 2 9$

1770 22,974 2 44

1771 15,788 6 iof

1772 ‘3.574 ‘7 ‘of

1773 13,112 2 24

1774 14,599 2 24

*775 14,134 14 114

1776 14,134 14 nf

‘777 14,026 6 7f

1778 13,766 II 2f

‘779 ‘ 3»763 7

1780 13,027 8 7f

Geo. Swojfield.

N* 14.

An ACCOUNT of the Balance remaining in the Hands of the Right honourable Lord Viscount Iloive, at the End of every Year, since he ceased to be Treasurer of the Navy. Prepared in pursuance of a Requi-fuion from the Commissioners of Public Accounts, dated the 23d Instant; viz1.

At the End of the Year

s. d.

1770 45.939 5 5

1771 43.273 ‘3 — 4

1772 39.679 18 -4

‘773 38,816 3 9i

‘774 36.905 ‘7

‘775 36,070 2 24

1776 35.899 12 4f

‘777 29,151 3 IO*

1778 29jl33 9 Ai

1779 23,130 ‘3 n

1780 ‘V33 —

>6th February 1781.

Geo. Swaffidd.

N* 1

a i Geo. III. 7° Martii. 259

Third Report of Commissionerf of Public Account*.

N° 15.

An ACCOUNT of the Balance remaining in the Hands of the late Right honourable Sir Gilbert EUiot, Baronet, at the End of every Year since he ceased to be Treasurer of the Navy. Prepared in pursuance of a Requisition from the Commissioners of Public Accounts, dated the 23d Instant j viz.

At the End of the Year - 1777 £. s. d. 44,186 6 6$

1778 30,088 13 9I

1779 29,076 9 3

1780 29,488 7

26th February 1781* Geo. Sioaffield.

N" 16.

The Examination of the Right honourable Earl Temple; taken upon Oath, the 2d of November 1780.

His Lordship faith, That the Sum of Twelve thousand Three hundred and Sixty Pounds Three Shillings and Four Pence Three Farthings, mentioned in the Return made by him to the Board on the 13th of October lad, is to the belt of his Knowledge and Belief, the whole Balance remaining in his Hands, as Personal Representative of the Right honourable George Grenville, as late Treasurer of the Navy.

That he knows of no other Public Services to which the Sum in his Hands is applicable, except the Services for which it was granted, and the Fees of passing the Accounts.

That it would be his most earnest wish, to be allowed to pay it into the Exchequer, upon Two Months Notice, and having his Quietus.

Nugent Temple.

Guy Carleton,

T. Anguish,

A. Figgott,

Geo. Drummond.

N. 17.

The Examination of the Right honourable Lord Viscount Barrington; taken upon Oath, the 7th of November 1780.

His Lordship faith, That the Sum of Thirteen thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three Pounds Seven Shillings and One Penny Three Farthings, mentioned in the Return made by him to this Board upon Inez id September last, is, to t he belt of his Knowledge and Belief, the whole Balance then remaining in his Hands, as late Treasurer of the Navy.

'1 hat he knows of no other Public Service to which this Sum is applicable in his Hands, except the Services for which it was granted, and the Fees of passing his Accounts.

That he has no Objection to pay the Balance into the Exchequer, when he can do it confident with his own Safety, as an Accountant to the Public.

Barrington.

T. Anguish,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

Yol. 38.

N* 18.

The Examination of the Right honourable Lord Viscount Howe ,* taken upon Oath, the 9th of November 1780.

His Lordship faith. That the Sum of Twenty-three thousand One hundred and Six Pounds Eleven Shillings and Five Pence Three Farthings, mentioned in the Return made by him to this Board upon the 10th August last, is, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, the whole Balance then remaining in his Hands as late Treasurer of the Navy.

That the above Balance is solely applicable to the Services specified in the said Return.

That he is ready to pay the above Balance into the Exchequer, when so required.

Hotve.

T. Anguish,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 19.

The Examination of Sir Gilbert EUiot, Baronet; taken upon Oath, the 3d of November 1780.

This Examinant faith. That the Sum of Twenty-seven thousand Five hundred and 'Sixty-three Pounds Sixteen Shillings and One Penny, mentioned in the Return made by hisDire&ion to this Board, on the 16th of October last, is, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, the whole Balance of Public Money then remaining in his Hands, as the Personal Representative of the Right honourable Sir Gilbert Elliot, as late Treasurer of the Navy.

That he knows of no other Public Services to which this Sum is applicable in his Hands, except the Services for which it was granted, and the Fees of passing his Accounts.

That he has no Objection to pay the Balance into the Exchequer, upon having his- Quietus.

Gilbert Elliot.

Gay Carleton,

T. Anguish,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 20.

N* 20.

STATE of the Eight honourable Welborc Ellis's Account, as Treasurer of the Navy, for the Month of August 1780.

<T

n. *^3*8 H I c a ° r. B CTo a 5

5 rns o. pong.

1

Receipts and Payments in the Pay mailer's Brandy between the HI and 31st Aug'fl 1780.

1780.

AugvJ't lft. To Balance of Account, dated 31st of July 1780 -‘ul. To Cash received to pay Ships and carry on Recalls 2§tii. To Ditto ——

29th. To Ditto ....

£ ». d. 95.650 --

40,000 ——

40,000 -

40,000 — ---

215.650 — 5j

1780.

Attgiffi.

By Calk paid for Wages this Month Yarns Half Pay

*, 67.H3 16 3f 30,814 6 2

>.177 4 3

BkJance 31st August 1780

99,125 6 8} 116,524 13 94

215.650 — 5§

For Wages -Yards -Half Pay -Bounty to Chaplains

110,081 7 9 1,290 4 4 4,805 8 2$

147 13 6

116,524 13 gi

O

cq"

H-

n'

CD

CL

CT

CD

o

178©. August 3d. 4th. 7th.

To Balance of Account, dated 31st July 178b - -

To Call* received at the Exchequer, on the Head of Wages, to pay Ships and carry on Recalls ——

To Ditto, to pay Bills of Exchange and Impress; Victualling *

to pay necessary Money, extra-necessary, and Contingencies -Toreceived at the Exchequer, to pay Three Months Course, ending 30th of September 1778, with Interest due thereon; vh.

On the Head of Wear and Tear *

W ages -Transports -Victualling -

435.640 ——

4*^59 3 4

129,770 ——

311,744 ——

£. 600,000 ——

3*9*413 3 4

III Exchequer Bilk. Ill Money.

919*4*3 3 4

August totk-so Calb received at the Exchequer, on the Head of Wear and Tear, to pa}* Impress and Bills of Exchange 14th. To Cash of Sundries, towards clearing Imp rest* - - - * *

To sundry Abatements out of perfelV Bills - -

To sundry Abatements and Bills taken in to clear Imprefts -

Cnrrifed Forward

IN THE CASHIER'S BRANCH.

135.136 *6 *<4

40,000 — -

17,000 — — 5/000 — —

9i9,4'3 3 4

30,oooo — —

44 10 1

246 8 2

87,394 18 2

1,240,235 16 7i

1780.

August.

By Perfect Bills paid -By Iqiprcfl Bills paid -

By Perfect BiJk, Sick and Hurt, paid By Imprest Bills, Sick and Hurt, paid

594,174 15 10

*57»910 % 6

13,762 15

i9>95 3

3d. By Cash iffiicd to the Paymaster, on the Head of Wages, to pay Ships and carry on Recalls ——

4th. By Cash issued to Mr. Sio/tfjteld, on the Head of Victualling, to pay Bills of Exchange and Imprefts ——

By Ditto to D°, for necessary, extra-necessary Money, and Contingencies 7th. By issued to D* on the Head of Victualling, to pay Three Months Course, ending 3°th September 1778, with lutereIt due thereon -

Carried forward

- £.

£. 204,000 ——

107.744 -

311.744 ——

In Exchequer Bills. In Money.

752,084 18 4

33,712 18 —

40.000 ——

17.000 ——

5,000 ——

311,744 ——

1,159.54* 16 4

<1

00

£1

70 Martii.

g

'eg'

n'

CD

Q.

cr

o

o

Brought forward - £,

]MO<

Augnji 19th. To Custi received at the Exchequer for the following Services:

To be impressed to Gabriel Steward, Paymaster of Marines 6,000

vO

00

On the Head of Wear and Tear.

To pay Fees at the Exchequer, and other Contingencies of the Pav Office....

On the Head of Wages.

To pay Flag Pay, Bounty Money, fyc. 15,000

To pay Bills for Pilotage..... 2,000

To pay for Subsistence erf French Officers and Seamen 8,000

3,000

25,000

25th. To received at the Exchequer, to pay Ships and carry on Becalls 29th. To received at the Exchequer, to pay Ships and carry on Recalls To Cash received of sundries towards clearing Imprefts

To Cash received of sundries for new and old Stores

To sundry Abatements out of perfect Bills -To sundry Abatements and Bills taken in to clear.Impresss

31st.

1,240,235 7|

34.000 — —

40.000 ——

40.000 ——

276 — 7

2,819 17 10 122 6 6 35,059 15 2

1,392,513 16 81

1780.

Brought forward

Augvjl25th. By issued to tho PaymaAer, to pay Ships and carry on Recalls 29th, By Hiked to P°, to pay Ships and carry on Recalls -

Balance

Whereof

In the Bank

Money and Premiums Mr. Slade's Hands -Exchequer Fees -

- 117,429 11

4,077 5

- 25,738 7

5,72d 16

5

2

6-1-

3

£ 152.972 — 4}

1780.

August,

4*

7U1.

31 ft.

To Balance of Account, dated 31st July 1780 ——

To Cash received at the Exchequer, to pay Bills of Exchange and Impresss To D° received at D*, to pay necessary, extra-necessary Money and Contingencies ——

To received at the Exchequer in Exchequer Bills -in Money -To pay Three Months'Course, ending 30th September 7 1778, with Interest due thereon )

To Cash received of sundries for old Stores, Offal, #c. fold To sundry Abatements Gut of perfect Bills -To sundry Abatements, and Bills taken in to clear Impresss

IN THE VICTUALLING BRANCH.

1780.

204,000 i7,744

60,579 " 3j 17,000 ——

5,000 ——

311,744 ——

4,925 13 ij 123 18 6| 29,302 19 10

428,676 2 9|

August< By paid perfect Bills, SfC,

By paid to Pursersof His Majesty's Ships in Ordinary, on Quarterly Bills assigned for Payment -....

Balance -

Remaining In the Handsxff Right honbie Welbore Ellis D° - - - of Mr. SwaJJtcld

Balance of the Pay Branch -of the Camier's D° -of the Victualling D* -

349,022 5 a

208 19 7

349.231 5 3,

79.444 17

428,676 2 9i

3

Total Balance

49.549 15 3

29.895 2 3 i

79,444 *7 H

116,524 13 9i

152,972 — 4f

79,444 17 6f

£.348,941 11 9

O

w

o

K>

o\

262

Martii.

J. 1781.

Tlwd Report of Commissioner*, of Public Account*

N°

21.

The Exam illation of the Right honourable

Ellis, Treasurer of tine Navy; taken upon Oath, the 8th and 10th of November 1780*

This Examinant faith* That all Sums of Money received by the Treasurer of the Navy from the Exchequer, are issued to him under distinct Heads of Services, and that he is strictly forbid, by his Iofirudions, to transfer Stuns issued on one Head of Service to any other Head of Service; if the Sum granted for one Service be nearly exhausted, a Supply for that Service must be procured, though he has large Sums in his Hands under other Heads of Services.

That »o Demand on the Treasury moves originally from the Treasurer of the Navy, independent of the Navy, Victualling, and Sick and Hurt Boards, except the Sums roquisite for the Payment of Exchequer Fees, and other Contingencies at the Pay Office.

When the Sum received for any other particular Head of Service is nearly exhausted, a Letter comes from the Navy, Victualling, or Sick and Hurt Boards, each for their respective Departments, to the Treasurer, requiring him to present a Memorial to the Lords of the Treasury.specify ing the Sums required, distinguished under particular Heads of Services; that thereupon a Memorial is drawn up, according to the exact Words of the Letter, and, together with the Letter, is presented by the Paymaster to the Treasury; who direct the Issue exactly in the Form of the Memorial.

That the Paymaster, on the Receipt of the Money immediately certifies the Whole to the Navy Board: and the respective Parts which regard the Victualling and Sick and Hurt Boards, to them also.

That the Navy Board has full Knowledge of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Money in the Hands of the Treasurer; of the Receipt, by these Certificates; of the Expenditure, by their own Books, in which are entered every Bill, Order, or Assignment, given on the Treasurer for Payment, under the respective Heads of Service; and by the Accounts which the Treasurer transinits to the Navy Board once a Fortnight, on the Head of Victualling and Cashier's Branch, and once a Month on the Pay Branch. Thcle Accounts are compared with, and must agree exactly with their own Books; and from thence must appear the Balances on each respective Head of Service.

That he does not know of any Rule which governs the Navy Board in their Direction to him to apply to the Treasury for Mon^y, except their Knowledge of the actual or approaching Services, and of the exact State of the Balance in his Hands under each Head.

That, upon Application to the Lords of the Treasury for a Supply of Money, they do not, to his Knowledge, examine into the State of the Balance in the Hands of the Treasurer; but he is informed, and believes, that they have an exact Account of it, by the Means of a Paper transmitted Monthly from the Navy Board, containing an Account of the Cash received by the Treasurer, and the Assignmenta made upon him by the several Boards for I*ayruent.

That, to the belt of his Knowledge and Belief, the several Sums of One hundred and Sixteen thousand Five hundred and Twenty-four Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Nine Pence Halfpenny, in the Paymaster's Branch; of One hundred and Fifty-two thousand Nine hundred and Seventy-two Pounds and Four Pence Three Farthings, in the Cashier's Brandi; and of Seventy-nine thousand Four hundred and Forty-four Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence Three Farthings, in the Victualling Branch; making together Three hundred and Forty-eight thousand Nine hundred and Forty-one Pounds Eleven Shillings and Nine Pence, men-20

tioned in the Returns made by his Order to this Board on the 31st of August last, was the whole Balance for which he was then accountable to the Public as Trca-surer of the Navy.

That of this Balance, the Sum of Twenty thousand Two hundred and Two Pound Seventeen Shillings and Eleven Pence Farthing was in the Ilauds of Mr. Taylor, Pay Clerk at Por/Jinoiith; the Sum of Thirty-seven thousand and Sixty-one Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Seven Pence, in the Hands of Mr. lynch. Pay Clerk at Plymouth-, and the Sum of Three thousand Eight hundred and Five Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence Halfpenny, in the Hands of Nr. Pay

Clerk at Chatham-, which Suras were, at that Time, Balances remaining in their Hands of sundry Payments ordered by the Navy Board for the Use of those Ports: That there was in the Hands of Mr. Six thousand One hundred and Twenty-four Pounds Six Shillings and Seven Pence Three Farthings, for the Purpose of paying Wages, Ships, and Recalls; in the Hands of Mr. Slade, Twenty-five thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-eight Pounds Seven Shillings and Six Pence Three Farthings, and Four thousand and Seventy-seven Pounds Five Shillings and Two Pence, in Money and Premiums, making together Twenty-nine thousand Eight hundred and Fifteen Pounds Twelve Shillings and Eight Pence Three Farthings, for the Puprofe of carrying on the Payments of Three Months Course of the Navy and other Bills; in the Hands of Mr. Swaffield, Twenty-nine thousand Eight hundred and Ninety-five Pounds Two Shillings and Three Pence Three Farthings, for the Purpose of carrying on the Payments of Three Months Course of the Victualling and other Bills; which were the Rea-fons why such large Sums were permitted at that Time to be in their Hands: And in the Hands of Mr. Douglas, Five thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-six Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Three Pence, for carrying on the Payments of Exchequer Fees and Contingencies: Which Sums, amounting together to the Sum of One hundred and Thirty-two thousand Six hundred and Thirty-two Pounds Four Shillings and Ten Pence, reduced the above Balance to Two hundred and Sixteen thoustmd Three hundred and Nine Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven Pence.

That this Balance is only applicable, in his Hands, to the respective Services for which it was issued.

That, in his Issues of Money to the Chief Clerks in the different Branches, to carry on the current Services, he is guided by their Requisition; which, in the Cashier and Victualling Branches, is formed upon the Amount of the Daily assigned Lifts, transmitted from the different. Boards to the respective Departments in the Treasurer's Office; which Lifts contain a particular Account of all Bills assigned on that Day for Payment; and in the Pay Branch, by a Conjecture formed of the Demands which may probably be made for paying of Ships, carrying on Recalls, Payment of the Yards, and of Half Pay.

That Bills assigned by the several Boards, in their respective Departments, upon the Treasurer of the Navy for Payment, are not always presented to him immediately after such Assignment; on the Contrary, they are frequently, by the various Accidents of Death, Litigation, Trusts, and Executorships, the Absence or Convenience of the Proprietors, not presented for Payment until a considerable Length of Time afterwards.

That he does not know what Part of the above Balance of Two hundred and Sixteen thousand Three hundred and Nine Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven Pence had been assigned by the several Boards for Payment on the 31st o[ August last; but that, by the Monthly Certificate sent by the Navy Board to the Treasury for that Month, it will appear what Alignments

Geo. III. 70 Martii. 26$

ments had been made, and of what Parts that Balance is compounded.

W. Ellis.

Guy Carleton>

T. Aiiguijk,

A. Piggott,

Richd NeavCy Sam1 Be acker oft*,

Geo. Drummond'.

N° 22.

The "Examination of Timothy. Brett, Esquire, One of the Commissioners of the Navy, and Comptroller of the Treasurer of the Navy's Ac-coi|nts; taken upon Oath, the 29th and 30th of November 1780.

This Examinant faith, That he is Comptroller of the Treasurer of the Navy's Accounts.

That the Navy Board transmit every Month to the Treasury a Certificate of the Receipts and Payments by the Treasurer of the Navy, under the respective Heads of Services.

That the Victualling and Sick and Hurt Boards fend the like Accounts to the Navy Board, which they include in their Certificate, to the Intent the Treasury may have full Knowledge of the Sums, under their several Heads, in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Navy. The Navy Board has the same Knowledge, from the Certificate sent them by the Treasurer every Fortnight.

That the Navy Board desire the Treasurer to apply to the Treasury for suchSums, and for such Services, and at such Times, as they, from their Knowledge of the Demands for those Services, judge will be wanted.

That the Difference between the Treasurer's Balance and the Navy Board Balance, in the Hands of the Treasurer, on the 31st August last, in the Cashier's Branch, arises from Bills assigned by the Navy Board upon him for Payment, and not presented to him.

That upon the Back of every Bill assigned upon the Treasurer for Payment, is indorsed out of what Fund it is to be paid.

That in the Cashier's Branch, Assignments are continually making by the Navy and Sick and Hurt Boards, for Payments out of the several Funds which constitute the Balance appearing to be in the Treasurer's Hands in that Branch; and in the Pay Branch, the Navy Board are continually making Assignments of Tickets for Payments, and directing Payments of Ships, for which there were open, on the 31st of August, Eight hundred Books and upwards.

That Part of the Fund of Old Stores is appropriated for certain Payments, and the Navy Board reduces the Remainder, from Time to Time, by their Assignments, as they in their Discretion think proper.

That as to the Sum of Thirty-six thousand Pounds, which appears to be received in the Cashier's Branch on the 10th of August, and no Part of it to be paid away in that Month, the Treasury was applied to for that Sum on the 8th, and issued it upon the 10th; whereas it frequently happens that the Sum is not issued until Eight or Ten Days after it is applied for; and it appears that in the next Month this whole Sum, and Seventeen thousand Eight hundred Pounds and upwards of another Sum of Thirty-six thousand Pounds, was paid away for the same Service.

T. Brett.

Guy Carleioiiy T. Anguifhy A. Piggotty

Sam1 Beachcrofty Geo. Drummond.

Vol. 38.

N 23k Third

The Examination of John Slade, Esquire, One of ComXiwrs the Commissioners of ths Victualling Office 5 of Public taken upon Oath, the 5th of December 1780. Accounts.

This Examinant faith. That the Difference between the Treasurer's Balance and the Victualling Board Balance, in the Hands of the Treasurer, on the 31st August last, in the Vi6tualling Branch, arises from Bills assigned by the Vi6tualling Board upor* him for Payment, and not presented to him; they are outstanding Bills, payable at Sight, remaining in the Hands of the Proprietors.

The Treasurer never asks for Money, in the Visual-ling Branch, but by Direction of the Victualling Board: when the Comptroller of the Treasurer's Accounts finds a Fund nearly exhausted, he informs the Board of it, and, in Consequence of that Information, they direct the Treasurer to solicit a Supply for that Fund.

The Sums received by the Treasurer, are kept under a Variety of Heads of Service; the Bills assigned under these Heads of Service are kept quite distinct, and Bills under one Head of Service are never assigned upon a,

Fund under another Head of Service, except in the same of old Stores, upon which Fund Bills under any other Head are assigned, according as they may be wanted*. The Fund of old Stores arises from the Sale of decayed Stores in the Vi6tualling Branch, andt the Board directs the Treasurer to receive from the Purchasfers the Sums those Stores are fold for.

As to the Sum of Seventeen thousand Pounds to pay Imprest and Bills of Exchange, appearing in the Navy Certificate to have been obtained on the 4U1 of August, and no Part of it exhausted at the End of the Month, it appears from the Account of the Chief Clerk of the Comptroller, that this Sum was applied for on the 31st o{July and received so soon after as the 4th of August, whereas the Treasury frequently do not issue the Sum applied for until Ten Days or a Fortnight afterwards*

When that Sum was applied for, Bills of Exchange to that Amount, or thereabouts, had been presented to and accepted by the Board; and it appears that a great Part of them were paid the Beginning of September.

Bills of Exchange are presented to the Board every Day for Acceptance.

J. Slade.

Guy Carleton.

T. Anguifhy A. Piggotty Geo. Drummond.

N° 24.

The Examination of John Bell, Esquire, One of the Commissioners of the Sick and Hurt Office; taken upon Oath, ift December 1780.

This Examinant faith, That when a Supply of Money is wanted for the Service of the Sick and Hurt Office, the Board, by Letter, desire the Treasurer of the Navy to apply to the Treasury for such a Sum, as they, to the best of their Judgments, think will be wanted under each particular Head of Service, which Sums they endeavour to render as small as possible: out of these Sums the Board assign Bills upon the Treasurer for Payment, which Bills are payable at Sight, and it is directed upon each Bill out of what Sum it is to be paid.

Each Head of Service is kept as distinct a,s possible, both as to the Bills assigned, and the Funds out of which they are to be paid.

The Board takes Care that the Treasurer has constantly in his Hands a Sum, in each Branch of Service, sufficient to answer the probable Demands upon him for that Branch.

JM

Guy Carleton,

T. Anguifhy A. Piggotty Rich* Neave,

Geo. Drummond.

N‘25-

N°

Navy Office, ^An* ACCOUNT of the Monies certified by the Treasurer of the Navy to be received out of the Exchequer, and otherwise, according to the CertificatestranfinittedtotheNaw Board 31st August 1780.5 by his Paymaster, with the Alignments of Bills ordered by the said Board to be paid; and also the Monies certified to be paid to his Pavm&fter for Payment of Wages, and to his Cashier of the Vi&ualting, for the Service thereof, between the 1st and 31st August 1780, in the Treasurership of the Right honourable Welbore Ellis.

1780. July 31st. August 3<1

4th.

The Treasurer Dr.

jWearandTe^r, and other Ser»ices.

loth.

14th.

19th,

To Balance then remaining -To received at his Majesty's Exchequer, in Money, out of the Sinking Fund, to pay Ships and carry on Recalls -To received at His D°, out of D" j vis. To pay Bills of Exchange and Imprest To pay neoeflary Money, &c.

To received at D°, out of several Funds; vis. To pay Tht ce Months Course, ending 30th September 1778, with Interest due thereon; vis.

----- - Tran (ports

To received atD°out of the Sinking Fund, to Imprest, and Bills of Exchange To Cash received to clear Imprest; vis. Lieut. Mark Robinson - /^.aS 11

Capt. Sir ¥bomxs Rich - - 419

Lieut. F. E. Davies - - 10 19

15th.

29th.

31st.

To received at His Majesty's Exchequer, in Money, out of the Sinking Fund, Anno 1780; viz.

To he impre fifed to Gabriel Steward, Esquire, Paymaster of Marines, defray his Payments for last Month To pay Fees at the Exchequer, and other Contingencies of the Pay

Office....

To pay Flag Pay, Bounty, -To pay Bills for Pilotage To pay for Subsistence of French Officers and Seamen detained England. -To received at D° out of D°; vis. -To pay Ships and carry on Recalls To received at D° out of Contributions Annuities, Anno 1780; viz.

To pay Ships and carry on Recalls To Cash received to clear Imprest; vis, Lieut. Rcbt. Bafdon - £. 47 9

- Henry Gammon - a 10

Capt. Ti»i. Durell - - 124 19

— . Ar ¥wyman - 1 —

To received of Capt. ¥homas Braitbwaitr for a Coil of l-inch Rope, supplied t the Hampton Packet by His Majesty Ship Crescent, as per Letter, 23d Jt 1780 -

To received of the Clerk of the Chcq^ at Portsmnutbf for Value of old Naval Stores sold at that Place, as per Letter dated 25th July 1780 To received of James Mather, being Materials and Workmanship performed on the 7‘rue Briton, A. S. as pa Board' Letter, 41b Instant -

£ x. d.

46,449 18 3

Ordinary.

£ s. d.

4*75* 7

435*640 ——

129,770 ——

36,000 ——

3,000 ——

2 19

4

332 H

653,679 16

Wa[e;.

£ d 54,19° 4 9

40,000 ——

4*)259 3 4

Vi&ualS.

Total.

£. s. d.

17,000 — 5,000 —

311,744 —

£ ' 105,393 *

40.000 —

22.000 —

Per Contra Cr.

j 9,9)4I3 3

36,000 — -

1^80. Aug Jl 4th.

7th.

4.751 *9

44 10 1

6,000 — —

15,000

2,000

8 ,000 —

40.000 —

40.000 — —

276 — 7

247,769 18 9 333)744

44 JO J

34.000 ——

4 c, 000 — -

40.000 — -

276 — 7

29

2,484 4 1

332 14

*.239,546 14

25th.

29th.

By Bills assigned this Month - -

By issued to Mr. Swajfield; viz.

To pay Bills of Exihange and Imprefts To pay necessary Money, &c. -

By issued to the Paymaster; viz.

To pay Ships and carry on Recalls By issued to Mi. Sw.ijpeld; viz.

To pay Three Months Course, ending 30th September 1778, with Interest -By issued to the Paymaster; «ns.

To pay Ships and cany on Recalls By issued to D°; vis.

To pay Ships and carry on Recalls To Bills assigned by the Commissioners for Sick and Hurt Seamen, as by Certificates received from tlut Office j vis.

Sick and Hurt Certificates French and British Prisoners Spanish D* -

Rebel D° -

13,108

12,008

4»45*

796

2 ic

*5 4 11 10 4

Balance remaining £-

Wear an 'Tear, and other Services.

£ s. d.

596)859 3* 3

596.859 *2

56,820 3 10

653,679 16 1

Ordinary.

£ d-1,132 6 —

Wages.

£ ‘ d 66,964 12 i)

40,000 ——

40,000 40,cco

30,364 14 8

1,132 6 — 217,329 7 7 3,620 13 7 30,440 11 2

4)75* 19 7* 247,769 18 9

V id! unis.

£. d.

17,000 — — 5,000 ——

311,744 ——

333.744 -

333.744 -

Total.

30,364 14 8

1,239,946 14 5

Menvhn,

£ d.

9,238 9 6 i

1,408 12 2

1,241 9 8i-

2,726 16 3

3,000 —

i»373 7 6

476 14 4

179 1 1

i»i7S *3 3»

36,000 —

56,820 3 10

1,860 7 4

1,760 6 3

3,620 13 7

994 6

14,061 — 6

1*078 S 4

1,000 — —

349 — 5

151 13 6

94 14 7

1 7 5

670 —

*.767 7 —

2)657 5 IX

4,900 14 2

175 4 lx

539 *2 11

30,440 it a

The aforesaid Balance oonfifls of the Particulars following:

For old Stores

For Stores spared to Merchant Ships For Neutral old Stores

Part of £. 3,000, received 23d August 1779, wit of Exchequer Bills granted 79 and chorged on 1780 Received 19th D° 178c, out of the Sinking Fund ——

Part of £. 435,640,7th D°, out of several Funds ——

Part of £. 129,770, 7th D°, out of D° ——

Part of £. 20,000, 3d June, out of Contributions to Annuities -Part of £. 36,000,6: h July, out of P° -

ReceiveU 10th August, out of the Sinking Fund ——

Part of £. 15,000, received 19th Mav 1780, out of D° Part of £. 10,000,17th June, out of D°

For clearing Imprest

Part of £ 15,000, received 19th August 1780, out of the Sinking Fund -Part of £. 2 00c, 28th July, our of D° ——

Received 19th August, out of D° ——

Part of ZT.42.259. 3.4. 71b T>®, on*' of f:veral Funds -

Part of £ 1,coc, reierved out of £.4c,000, 13 July 1780, of Ditto

SICK and HURT,

For clearing Imprest

Part of £.670, rft March 1780, out of Exchequer Bills, on the Malt Duty Reeei*cd 17th June, out of Contributions to Annuities -Part of £. 15,000, 29th July, out of the Sinking Fund - - - - .

Part of £ 8,000, 19th August, out of D°

Part of £. 8,000, 8th July, out of Contributions to Annuities -Part of £. 1,000, 8th D°, out of D* -For old Store*

Anno Anno i

Anno 1780, Course Ar.no 1780, Transports Anno 1780, Neutral Ships

SZl&H15 o'Exchange

Anno 1780, Pensions Anno 1780, Salary

—— Anno 1780, Flag Pay, &V. — Amu, >?So |pj|

----- Anno 1780 S b

— Anno 1780, Slops ---- Anno 1780, TravellingCharges

Anno 17S0 >Sjl

Anno 1780 S

Anno 178c, Medicines

Anno 1780, French "i

Anno 1780, Spanish > Prisonei s

Anno 1780, Rebel J

on

-P*

)£. J.

664,956 II 2

22,000 — —

40.000 — — .

311,744 ——

40.000 — — 40,000 ' — —

1,149,065 5 10

90,881 8 7

Cha* Mid die ton, J. Williams, T. Brett, Geo. Marsh.

-j

00

e

Navy Office, 7An ACCOUNT of the Money certified by the Treasurer of the Navy's Pay m after to be received by him; with the Assignment of Bills from the Navy Board, and 31st August 1780.) Wages paid by him to Ships and Yards, as also such other Payments as are mentioned in his Certificate thereof, between the 1 ft and 31 ft of Augnjt 1780.

CO

Whereby he is

17S0.

7.7/1/ 31 ft. To Balance then remaining -Aug'ij}3d. To Calli received, to pay Ships on Recalls -25th. To D° -

2qth. To iy -<. - - *

Dr

C d.

- 95,050 — 5I

and carry

- 40,000

- 40,000

- 40,000

£- 215,650 — 5I

CO

Per Contra

("Before -Lifts fori Ships 1 After

By Assignments from r Bills

the Navy Board ] Tickets or r

on (. Lifts for <! r ____

(Yards) Before?

(After lthcyare.pa, J‘ .

' ordered to be paid -

By Recalls - -

Widows and Relations of Registered Seamen

Deptford ——

Woolwich ——

\Chatham - -

Perrtsmouth ——

Sheer ness ——

Plymouth ——

Kinfale ——

Harwich ——

Remittance Bills -

n t, . (Of Bounty to Seamen that enter themselves voluntarily into the Send By Payments jHalf Pay-toSea OfficeB

f Ships

By Payments .1 for to

Yards

ice

By Payments made by the Pay master according to his Certificates.

Ministers 4 d.abated on

(Ships Books (Yard Books

(Venereal Cures Ships Books Yard Books 'Slop Cloaths -

For Abatements on Ships Books for

Dead Men's Cloaths Tobacco

Chest at Chatham -Greenwich Hospital -

Balance

Of the above Balance remains for Wages -

Yards -Half Pay

Bounty to Chaplains

Cluf Middleton, J. Wiltlams, T. Brett, Geo. Marsh.

£. 110,281 7 9

1,290 4 4

4,805 8

147. 13 6

£.116,524 13

C'

£. s. d. 20,605 2 2

54 4 —

44 10 11

42,836 3 6£.

3°»745 6 5

1,926 3 8

1,177 4 3

222 *7 9

21 3 11

222 18 10

346 3 1

57 I5 10

201 16 1

663 16 3

99>125 6 8i

116,524 *3 9 b

215,650

5i

o\

cn

21 Geo. lit Martii.

g

CQ‘

— h

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

FT

n

> o § #

r -.Jr "1

° ? =; - s* 2!S j 3. ? s a "

Nuvv Office, ?An ACCOUNT of the Monies certified by the Trea furor of the Navy's Cashier for the Victualling, to be received by him from the Paymaster, or otherwise; with [ift August i the Payments made by him pursuant to the Warrants of the Commissioners of the Victualling, between the ift and 31st of 1780.

10

On

On

1780.

Attgllji - A.

Os

7th,

1 ith.

30th.

The Treasurer

To Balance of the preceding Account -To received of William Painter, for Sweepings sold by him

between 1 ft July and 30th September 1779 -

D° of James Young, for Chips, fold between ift July and

30th September 1779- - -

I>° of Charles Frankland, for Grains, D# and De Received in Money out of the Sinking Fund, Anno 1780

----- ----- -to pay Bills of Exchange and

Imprefts ----- -£.17,000 ——

..... - to pay necessary, and extrane-

celJary Money, and Contingencies - 5,000 ——

Received in Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year 1780, and charged upon the First Supplies to be granted for the Year 1781 - - - - £.204,000 — —

In Money out of the Sinking Fund, Anno

1780.....107,74^ ——

To pay Three Months Course, ending 30th September 1778, with Interest due thereon.

To received of sundry Persons for old Staves, sold by Public Sale, between 3d December 1778 and 30II1 September

1779. - - - - \

To received of John Knotvls, of His Majesty's hired Transport Admonition, he being so much Debtor in the Balance

of his Account for victualling Soldiers between 18th

brutny 1775 and 18th January 1779 - -

To over assigned, 5th July 1780 -

Dr

L

33>773

s.

5

16

46

210 16

d.

Ah

2

6

'22,000 — —

3n,744 -

4,708 14

81 — 11

34 ——

37*557 *9

5i

Per Contra

By perfect Bills assigned in this Month By Bills of Exchange and Imprefts D*

Balance

L

The aforesaid Balance remains out of the following Funds;

£. *. d.

1,000 ——

19,158 6 11

61.000 — —

19,500 ——

12.000 — —

17.000 — —

5,000 ——

311 *744 -

21,932

Received liijuly f'jyg, in Money, out of Contributions to Annuities Anno 1779,to Pa)' ft)0rt Allowance -Received 15th June 1780, out of D° Fund Anno 1780, to pay Officers, Labourers, SCc". -Received 24th May 1780, out of D° Fund, to pay Bills of Exchange, Sc*. -Received 5th July 1780, out of I>, to pay D° Received 5th July 1780, out of D°, to pay necessary Money -

Received 4th August 1780, out of the Sinking Fund Anno 1780, to pay Bills of Exchange, S'c" -Received 4th August 1780, out of D°, to pay necessary Money -

Received 7th August 1780, in Money and Exchequer Bills, to pay Bills in Course -5 — £ Received of Mr. Oakes and others, being Old Store Money ——

Cha* Middle ton t J, Williams, , Geo.

O

£. d.

314,027 14 i£ 5,220 6 —

53»309 l9 Si

37»*557 !9 5i

45° ----- ---<|

366 4 4 0

?1 - —

2,813 9 ,» 1 /* 5-.

3»°24 12 3

17,000 — —

5,000 — —

2,689 8 5 4

21,93* 5

53.309 l9 3$

OO

N° 26.

A S T A T E and Disposition of the Balance in tho Hands of the Right honourable JVelbore Ellis, as Treasurer of the Navy, upon the 31st of Augitft 1780.

I {ranch.

Treasurer's

Balance,

In I lie Pay Branch Jn the Cashier r In the Victualling

Difference

if-

116,524 13 pi

152,972 — 43 79,444 17 6£

348,941 ii 9 /

Navy Hoard

Balance.

116,57.4 13 9i

9o, S8i 8 7

53>3°9 J9 3!

260,716 1 Sir

88,225 10 "I

348,94* 11 9

Branch.

In the Pay Branch.

At the following Ports, pursuant to Orders of the Navy Board.

At Par ffmouth ——

At Plymouth ——

At Chatham - -

In Mr. Jellicoe's Hands, London, to pay Ships

In the Cashier's.

Difference between the Treasurer s and the Navy Board Balance -

In the Hands of Mr. Slade, to pay the Course And under the Head of Money and Premiums In the Hands of Mr. Douglas, under the Head of Exchequer Fees, 6fc".

In the Victualling.

Difference between the Treasurer's and the Navy Board Balance - - - .

In the Hands of Mr. Swafield, to pay the Course -

Balance in the Treasurer's Hands, under various Heads of Services ——

20,202 *7

37,061 *5 7

3.805 *3 4£

6,124 6 7f

62,090 I I 9*

25.738 7

4.077 r> 2

5.726 16 3

26,134 18 3 '

29.895 2 3l

9-7>633

56,030 — 6J

U

O

w

O

67,194 13 6£

220,857 14 1.0 i 128,083 16 10J

£ I 348,94* ji 9

o

ov

g _! O H

§ r. r gf 2 3.

g

cq'

n'

CD

Cl

cr

o

o

00

o

N*

17*0.

iff.

;* th.

b r A 1 L of the Right honourable ICAro £««'» Account, as Treasurer of the Navy, for the Month of , ;8o.

Receipts and Payments in tke Paymaster's Branch, between the ift and 30th of September 1780.

To Balance of Account, dated 31st Au^ujl 1780 «. *

}'" *ki(h received to p:i\ Ships and *afry on Recalls J - T P-»}‘ E'ne Qualities M ages to the Yards, tndi

tiding 30th June 1780

116,524 13 9i

40,000 — . —

126,700 — —

1 283/1-24 13 9i

1780.

SrpT.

By Caffi paid for Wages this Month Yards Half Pay

Balance the 30th September 1780

For Wages Y aids

Half Pay -Bounty to phaplaina

- 63.96.} 7 8

- v9»55<i 12 5i

" " — >*44‘ 7 7

4,7«I 7 g*

— — — — 1118,403 <i 1

£ 283,2'24 13 9*

- 9M33 u H'J

" 3^64 — 7 i

J47 13 6

188,463 6 l

17 So.

Scd ir. jft. To Balance of Account, dated 31st Au^vQ 1780 -

To Cash received at the Exchequer, for tho Services following:

IN THE CASHIER'S BRANCH.

1780.

On the Head of Wear and Tear.

To pav the Agents for neutral Ships, for \ altie of their Cargoes, £.

and Expences of their Detention - 10,000 — —

On the Head of Wages.

To pay for Medicines, Bedding, Provisions for

llofpituls, and Ilufpkal Ships ... 15,000 — -To pav for Subtitle nee, of French Officers and

Seamen detained in ILn^hnid - 5>°00

To p.iy for Subiiltence, i)C*» *>i Bebel Prisoners - i>5°°

,4th. To Cash received of ftindries, towards clearing Impresss To C.'alli reci«vHd for Stores fold - - "

To fundrv Abatements and Bills taken in to clear Impresss

21,500 ——

15th. To pay Part

To received at the Exchequer, for the Services following:

rt of Three Months Cowrie, ending gill December 1778, with Intcrcrt

5/2.7.H 9 - 508,050 —

JUe thr<)n'the Tlead of Wear and Tear, Transports, Wages 57*754 9 »'v Victualling _________________

£.0.-0,000 ----- --- In Exchequer Bills.

630,706 18 <?i In Money.

710 7 Out of Duty on Gum Senega.

£.880,804 9 lj

To Ca!h received at the Exchequer, for the Services following -Soth. To pay in full Three Months Course, ending 3‘ft December / /8, with due thereon

Uu the Head of Wear and Tour. I 64,645 10 10}

W ages 5

Triitifpotts

Victual I lug

— 34=75° —

----- 09*395 10 10i

dZL

152,972 -

31,500 ——

14 2 —

134 12 3

9,005 16 14

880,804 9 i~

o?pt~, By perfect Bills paid this Month -By imp re It Bills paid this Mouth -

By Ferfect Bills, Sick and Huit, paid this Month By Iinprdi Bills, D° paid this Month

- £-525*813 12 3 195.736 4 1

0,074 7 6 10,620 10 3

13. By Caffi paid out of Money arifi-n by the Sale of Old Stores, puriimnt to His Mtijeliy's Sign Manual, for Demurrage and Expellees on Account of the Detention of the Dutch Ship Vroiv Judith ——

15th. By issued to Mr. Sivaflield, on the Head of Victualling, to pay Part of Three

Months Couife, ending 31st December 1778, with Lntercii due thereon -

£. 87,500 ----- -In Exchequer Bills.

220,550 ----- --In Money.

308,050 ——

20th. By Cash blued to the Paymaster, for the Services following:

Ou the Head of Wear and Tear - - 113,100 ——

Ordinary - 13*600

F,v Ca.1i issued to Mr. Sioaffield, for the Services following:

To pay in full Three Moulin Course, ending 31st December 177S, ^_______

with littered doe thereon - ' 34=7o°

To pav the Labourers, iyi-‘. a Quarter's Wages, due at tdjummer

lull'.....18,500 ——

Cawriod forward — £.

721,549 16 4

20,594 *7 9

99 5 10

308,050 ——

126,700 —

53,25a ——

1,230,243 19 it*

1,974,499 it) iu{

CA

cc

vj

O

00

Curried forward

g

eg I

r-H

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

oo

OD

OO

ot

N

a

Brought forward . Brought over £ 99,395 10 10} To pay One Quarters Wages to the Artificers, Labourers, bcu. of the Dock and Hope Yards, due 24th June last.

On the Head of Wear and Tear - 113,100 ——

Ordinary - 13,600 ——

On the Head of Victualling,

To pay the Officers, Labourers, fyc*. One Quarter's Wages, due at Midsummer last ——

To be imprested to Gabriel Steward, Esquire, Paymaster of Marines, on Account of the Marine Service -

On the Head of Wages.

To pay Ships and carry on Recalls -

126,700 — —

18,500 ——

22.000 — —

40.000 ——

Sept9 23d. To Cash received at the Exchequer on the Head of Wear and Tear; viz1. To pay Imprefts and Bills of Exchange ——

25th. To Cash received at the Exchequer for the Sendees following; riV.

On the Head of Ordinary.

To pay One Quarter's Salary due to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, the Commissioners and other Officers of the Wavy, the 29th Instant - £.10,000 — —

On the Head of Wages,

To pay Flag Pay, Bounty, ^c4. - - £.15,000 — —

To pay the Commissioners of the Sick and I

Hu it Office, their Secretary, Clerk, ^c4.

a Quarter's Salary due 29th Instant - - 680 ——

To pay for Subsisteuce, ^c4. of French Officers and Seamen detained in England 8,000 ——

To pay for Subsistence, fyc*. of Spanish Officers and Seamen detained in England 5,000 ——

----- ----- ----- ---- 28,680 -

goth. To Cadi of Sundries towards clearing Imprefts

To Cash received of Sundries for old and new Stores fold

To an Abatement out of a perfect Bill -

To Sundry Abatements and Bills taken in to clear Imprefts

IN THE V

1780.

Sept9 i(l. To Balance of Account, dated 31st Augyft 1780 - -

151I1. To received at the Exchequer, in Exchequer Bills - - £87,500 ——

in Money - 220,550 ——

To pay Part of 3 Months Course, ending 31st December 7 _ _ _

1778, with Interest due thereon - - - j

2Uh. To Cash received at the Exchequer for the Services following:

To pay in full 3 Months Course ending 31st Deccmbei- 1778,

with Interest due thereon ----- - 34,750 ——

To pay the Officers, Labourers, fyc*. One Quarters Wages,

due at Midsummer latt ----- - 18,500 ——

30th To Cash received of Sundries for Stores and Offall fold -

To sundry Abatements out of perfect Bills ——

To fuudiy Abatements and Bills taken in to dear Imprefts - -

- £

n

CO

270

7° Martiu

A \ 1781.

Third Report of

Commission eri

of Public Accounts.

Launccfton

Roads.

N* 28.

Navy Office, 8th December 1780.

An ACCOUNT of the Total Sums received and paid by the Treasurer of the Navy, for every Month, from she ill January 1779 to the 31st August 1780: with the Total of the Balances remaining in his Hands at the End of each Month, as they appear in the Monthly Accounts transmitted by the Navy Board to the Treasury during that Period. Prepared pursuant to a Precept of the Commissioners of Accounts, dated. 30th November 1780.

Year. Months. Received. Paid. Balance.

1778. December, remaining _ *99,895 8 — 4

1779- January - - - - 278,331 12 7 286,829 3 *9*>397 *7 34

February - - - - 1 i9>823 4 44 190,106 216,841 10 9* 121,114 10 10

March - - - 316,718 *3 6 94 220,991 17 3

April - - - " - - 248,035 *7 3i 263,594 4 64 205,433 0 *4

May - - - - 296*513 *5 3 4 74 306,301 18 n i95*645 6 64

June - 426,761 285,118 16 1 337,287 *5 1

July - - - 950,680 6 ui 1,076,222 *3 5i 211,745 8 64

August - - - - *53*43* 6 9 i83>374 2 9* 181,802 12 5*

September - - - 295,619 6 222,612 2 io£ 254,809 16 — 4

October - - - - 985,689 *2 34 1*056,797 9 2| i83»7°i 19

November - - - - 198,550 12 21 189,024 8 if 193*228 3 370,386 18 11

December - - - 429,905 15 114 252,747 1 5i 5

1780. January - - - - ,92>94I *5 *4 324,344 8 31 238,984 5 i«4

February - - - - 206,621 1 n4 223,511 *3 94 222,093 14 i4

March - - - 280,612 14 11 206,180 7 84 296,526 1 44

April - - - 249,791 9 — 4 309,776 4 236,541 10 44

May - - - 870,549 — 84 837*752 1 104 269,338 9 24

June - - - 316,39* 74 329.338 6 'f 256,391 4 8

July - - - 264,206 — 9! 285,780 *7 — 4 234,816 8 54

August* - m — ‘ *»*39*584 5 l0i i,i 13,694 12 71 260,706 1 84

Chas Middleton. J. Williams' Geo. . T. Brett.

N* 29.

An ACCOUNT of the Public Money issued from the Receipt of the Exchequer, to the following Treasurers of the Navy, by way oFImprell, and upon Account, from the ill Day of January 1756 to the 30th Day of September 1780.

George Grenville, Esquire William Lord Viscount Barrington -Richard Lord Viscount Sir Gilbert Elliot Baronet Welbore Ellis, Esquire H 7

25,265,282

9* 33^79° 8*387,744 I5>952>772 16,781,217

2

4

11

6

11

— 4

8

64

1

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Bowlby reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trullees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, " and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to the " Borough of Launceflon, in the County of ,"

was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 20

25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had

been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: "Where the same was read; and is as folio weth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Langueville Hales being examined, said. That a considerable Progress hath been made in amending the said Roads; in the doing of which, the Tolls granted by the said Act, together with a large Sum of Money

borrowed

2i Geo. Ill*

70 Martii.

271

borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly expended — That the Money so borrowed is still owing; and that it cannot be paid off, and the Roads be completely' amended and kept in Repair for the future, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be giten to bring in a Bill for continuing and amending an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to the Borough of , in

the County of Cornwall: And that Mr. Bowlby and Mr. Perceval do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

General Sir William Codrington presented to the House, ac-Turnpike cording to Order, a Bill for declaring certain Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called to extend to all Acts made, and to be made, for repairing Roads subsequent to the passing of the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rcfulved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Land Tax Ordered That the Order of the Day, for the House toeununuliei"s to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, " by a Land l ax to be raised in Great Britain, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred 1 " and Eighty-one," be now read.

I And the said Order being read accordingly;

I The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

I Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

I Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

! Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

| Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they

bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Supfty Bill; Militia.

iSrmford's

Bridge

Roads.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto set and subscribed. Freeholders or Inhabitants of, or near to, the several Parishes and Places in dr through which the Roads or Highways herein after mentioned do lie, or are situate, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as if appeared to them, to the House; and he re$d the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Vol. 38,

it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read: and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-second and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending and widening " the Roads leading from Stretford's Bridge, in the " County of Hereford, to the New Inn in the Parish of " Winjlantoio, in the County of Salop; and also the

Road from Blue Mantle Hall, near Mortimer's Cross,

" to Aymefirey, in the said County of Hereford, and for

" repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twentysecond Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the " Road from Mortimer's Cross to Bridge,"

was read: And,

John Woodhouse, Esquire, being examined, said. That a considerable Progress hath been made in amending the said Roads; in doing which, the Tolls granted by the said Act, together with a large Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly expended — That the Money so borrowed is still owing, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads be completely amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act, which is very near expiring, be further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending " and widening the Roads leading from Stretford's " Bridge, in the County of Hereford, to the New Inn, " in the Parish of Winjlantoio, in the County of Salop;

" and also the Road from Blue Mantle Hall near Martimer's Cross, to Aymefirey, in the said County of Hereford, and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Mortimer's Cross " to Aymefirey Bridge And that Mr. Alderman and Sir George Cornewall do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Completing Reading of the Bill for keeping the Militia Forces of the this Kingdom complete, during the Time therein to be Militia, mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House Will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee, to Stow whom the Bill for rendering effectual an Act, made in poor, the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Stow, in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments Were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed, to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Coventry further Consideration the Report which was made from Election, the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Edward Roe

Yeo,

272

j — 8° Martii. . 1781.

Yeo, Esquire, and John Lord Sheffield of the Kingdom of Ireland; and alib the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Freemen of the City of Coventry, and Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City; and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being entitled to the Freedom of the City of , and to vote at

the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City; severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Encouragement Ordered, That the Order of the Day for receiving of Seamen, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty's Navy, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That lie was

directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read ;. - '

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Way* and The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Mean*, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That Surpluses, stated the 5th Day of April 1780, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated the 10th Day of October 1780, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, issued by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or " Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Eighty," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Accounts of Sales of Lands in The Ceded //lan transmitted by the Commif-

sioners appointed for such Sales the ill of July 1765 (which was presented to the House upon the 24th Day of March 1766) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sales of Lands in the Islands of Dominica, Tobago, and Saint Vincent, in

1766 (which was presented to the House upon the 10th Day of April 1767) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Sales of Lands in The Ceded Islands in 1767, transmitted by the Commissioners appointed for such Sales the 18th Day of July

1767 (which was presented to the House upon the 5th Day of February 1768) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the General Account of Sales of His Majesty's Lands in the The Southern in

the Years 1765, 1766, 1767, 1768, and 1769 (which was presented to the House upon the 10th Day of 1770) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of French Prizes taken before the Declaration of War (which was presented to the House upon the 7th Day of March 1764) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Sales of Lands " in Dominica, 9th April 1770," (which was presented to the House upon the 16th Day of April 1772) be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed

Jovis, 8° die Martii; j

Anno 210 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1781. I

Prayers.

MR. Bozvlby presented to the House, according to Lavaceftoa Order, a Bill for continuing and amending an R^act. Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads ieading to the Borough of Launceston, in the County of Cornwall .* And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time

Mr. Moyfey reported from the Committee to whom s

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Chaffeaud, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Moyfey do carry the Bill to the Lords and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Moyfey reported from the Committee, to whom Siordei's, the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for denaturalizing James Mary Siordet and John Hooffi-fetter, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And th6 said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Moyfey do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Charles Gould presentcHto the House, according to M^rch^ar»<4 Order, a Bill for amending and rendering more eftec- Drainage- tual an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen " Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the Townships or Hamlets of March and and in

" the

a i Gf.o. III. 8* Martii. 273

t

" the Parish of Upwell, in the Isle of Ely and County Ordered, That the said Report be taken into farther " of Cambridge" so far as the same relates to the several Consideration upon Monday Sevennight, the 19 th Day Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the Fourth of this Inllant

District in the said Act described: And the same was Ordered, That the Minutes of the Proceedings taken received; and read the First Time. before the said Select Committee, be laid betbre this

lit Jolted, That the Biff be read a Second Time. House.

Rothley An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open lae o ure. an(j Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, as well within the Parish and Township of as

within the Extra-parochial Liberty of Temple,

in the County of , was read the Third

Time.

Rffolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ' be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, as j well within the Parish and Township of Rothley, as

j within the Extra-parochial Liberty of Rothley Temple,

in the County of Leicester

Ordered, That Mr. Podish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Stow

Poor.

Berwkk

Bk&kwu

An ingrossed Bill for rendering effectual an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Stow, in the County of was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for rendering effectual an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Slow, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Wollaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Irwine, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Sir John Paterson, of Eccles, Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Berwick, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Hugh Scott, Esquire, is not duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Berioick.

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Sir John Paterson, Baronet, the Petitioner, is not duly elected a Com mi (Boner to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of Berwick:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the last Election of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of Berwick, was a void Election.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Sir John Irwine also reported from the said Select Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it jn at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and the Resolution of the Committee is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Agreement between Hugh Scott, Esquire, Younger, of Harden, for himself and his Friends in the County of

Berwick, on the one Part, and Alexander La-

merton, Esquire, and George Home, of Branxlon, for themselves, and as authorized by lundry other Gentlemen and Freeholders in that County, on the other Part, relative to the Election of a Commissioner for the said County at the last General Election, was a corrupt and illegal Agreement.

Vol. 38.

Mr. Frederick Montagu, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Henry Harford, Esquire, and Lionel -rell, the Younger, Esquire; and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitant Freemen and Inhabitant Freeholders of and in the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset, having a Right to vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; feve-; rally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough; informed the House, That the said Select Comm i ttee have determ ined.

That the honourable Henry Fane is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset.

And also. That the said Committee have determined.

That David Robert Michel, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said . Borough of Lyme Regis.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon the 4th Day of May 1772, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That no Person do presume to solicit the " Attendance of Members of this House, when the " Matter of any Petition, complaining of an undue " Election or Return, is ordered to be taken into Const- deration."

Ordered, That the said Order be printed in the Votes of this Day.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting ill Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax " to he raised in Great Britain, for the* Service of the 1 " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report iii his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

4 A Sir

Lyme Regia Elettioa.

Controverted

Elections.

Land Tar Commissioners*

Supply Bill 2 Militia.

274 8® Martii. 1781.

Southmolton Sir Charles Wanoick Bampfyldereported from the consolidated Annuities are payable and transferable Road*; Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees ap- there, and redeemable by Parliament:

Mr.Sharlaad. Pointedt0 carry into Execution several Acts for repair- That the Annuity, in respect of the said additional ing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of Sum or Capital of Twenty-five Pounds, to which every Southmolton, in the County of Devon; and also the Pe- Contributor of One hundred Pounds contributed as

tition of John Sharland, of Southmolton, in the County of aforesaid shall be entitled, making together in the whole Devon, Gentleman, were severally referred; That, no Three Millions, to carry an Interest, or Annuity, after Person appearing before the Committee in Support of the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum, shall be paid at the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, the Com- the Hank of England for One Quarter of a Year from mittee had come to a Resolution; which they had di- the Fifth Day of January One thousand Seven hundred reded him to report to the House; and he read the Re- and Eighty-one, to the 5th Day of April following, port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the and from that Time shall be added and made One Joint Clerk's Table. Stock with certain Annuities, after the Rate of Four

And the House being informed that some further En- Pounds per , which were consolidated by an Act

quiry was necessary to be had, touching the Matter of of the last Session of Parliament, and shall also be the said Petitions; charged upon the Sinking Fund, and shall be payable

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed. and transferrable at the Bank of England at the same ' Ordered, That the said Report be re committed to Time, and in the same Manner, and subject to the like the Committee to whom the said Petitions were referred. Redemption by Parliament, as the said consolidated

Four Pounds per Centum Annuities are payable and Encoarapment Mr. Oi'd, according to Order, reported from the transferrable there, and redeemable by Parliament: of seamen. Cojjnmttee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for That every Contributor towards raising the said Sum the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the more speedy of Twelve Millions shall, for every One thousand Pounds add effectual Manning His Majesty's Navy, was com- contributed, be entitled to Four Tickets in a Lottery to mitted the Amendment which the Committeehad made consist of Forty-eight thousand Tickets, amounting to to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to Four hundred and Eighty thousand Pounds, upon Pay-the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and ment of the further Sum of Ten Pounds for each Ticket, afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the said Four hundred and Eighty thousand Pounds the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice to be distributed into Prizes for the Benefit of the Proread; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed prietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said Lottery, to by the House. which shall be paid in Money, at the Bank of

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be to fuel) Proprietors upon Demand, as soon after the First ingrafted. Day of March One t housand Seven hundred and Eighty-

two, as Certificates can be prepared, without any De-Wa>» Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the duAion whatsoever: and Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred That every Contributor shall, on or before the Fif-

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the teenth Day of this Inllant March, made a Deposit of Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which Fifteen Pounds per Centum on such Sum as he or she ' the Committee had directed him to report to the House; shall chuse to subscribe, towards raising the said Sum of which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered Twelve Millions, with the ChiefCalhier or Cashiers of . in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and areas followeth: viz. and also a Deposit of Fifteen Pounds per Centum, with

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the said Cashier or Cashiers, in Part of the Monies to be That towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- contributed towards raising the said Sum of Four hun-jesty, the Sum of Twelve Millions be raised by Annui- dred and Eighty thousand Pounds by a Lottery, as a ties, and the further Sum of Four hundred and Eighty Security for making the future Payments respectively, thousand Pounds by a Lottery, in Manner following; on or before the Days or Times herein after limited; that is to say, that is to say.

That every Contributor to the said Twelve Millions On £. 12,000,000 to be raised by Annuities.

shall, for One hundred Pounds contributed and paid, be per Centum on or before the 27th Day of April

entitled to the principal Sum of One hundred Poundsin next.

Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, 10 per Centum on or before the 18th Day of May and to an additional principal Sum of Fifty Pounds in next.

like Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds person or before the 14th Day of June

Centum, and also to a further principal Sum of Twenty- next.

live Pounds ia Annuities, after the Rate of Four £. 10 per Centum on or before the 24 th Day of July Pounds per Centum; the said several Annuities, after the next.

Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, and Four Pounds per £. 15 per Centum on or before the 21st Day of August . Centum, respectively, to commence on the Fifth Day of next.

January One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one: £ to per Centum on or before the 18 th Day of

That the Sum of Twelve Millions, to be contributed tember next, as aforesaid, together with the additional Capital of Fifty £ to per Centum on or before the 23d Day of October

Pounds to every One hundred Pounds advanced and next.

paid, amounting to Six Millions, making together in the £ 10 Centum on or before the 23d Day of No-Whole Eighteen Millions in Annuities after the Rate of vember next.

Three Pounds per Centum, be, from the Time of their On the Lottery for £. 480,000.

Commencement, added to, and made One Joint Stock £. 20 per Centum on or before the nth Day of May with, the Three Pounds per Centum Annuities consoli- next

dated by the Acts of the Twenty-fifth, Twenty-eighth, £. 25 person or before the 10th Day of July

Twenty-ninth, Thirty-second, and Thirty-third of George next,

the Second, and by several subsequent A As, and charged £. 20 per Centum on or before the nth Day of

upon the Sinking Fund, and shall be payable and trans- tember next.

ferrable at the Bank of England at the same Time, and £. 20 per Centum on or before the c th Day of October

in the same Manner, and subject to the like Redemption next.

by Parliament, as the said Three Pounds per Centum That all the Monies, so to be received by the said 17 Chief

2 i Geo. III.

8° Ma.

Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Rank of England, ffiail be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, to be applied from Time to Time to such Services as ffiail then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament:

That every Contributor, who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Money towards the Sum of Twelve Millions to be contributed as aforesaid at any Time before the Twenty-second Day of October next, or on account of his or her Share in the said Lottery on or before the Tenth Day of September next, shall be allowed an Interest, by Way of Discount, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the Sum so compleating his or her Contribution respectively, to be computed from the Day of compleating the same to the Twenty-third Day of November next, in regard to the Sum to be paid for the said Annuities, and to the Eighth Day of October next in respect of the Sum to be paid on account of the said Lottery; and that all such Persons as shall make their full Payments on the said Lottery shall have their Tickets delivered to them as soon as they can eonvenir ntly be made out.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person who shall keep any Office or Place for buying, felling, insuring, registering, disposing, or otherwise dealing in, any Tickets or Chances, or Parts thereof, or on the Number? of any Tickets »n any Lottery u hatsoever, or shall by Writing or Printing publish the setting up or using such Office or Place, shall first take out a Licence for that Purpose.

Rtf bed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the e shall be raised, levied, and paid, unto His Majesty, 1 i is Heirs staid Successors, the Sum of Fifty Pounds, for every such Licence.

Refdved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Monies to arise by the said Duties, dial I be applied towards defraying the Expences attending the Commission to be made forth, for managing, directing, and drawing, such Lottery.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Eighteen Millions Nine hundred Eighty-six thousand and Three hundred Pounds, remaining fenbed of the Sum of Twenty Millions Two hundred and Forty thousand Pounds, in Four Pounds per Centum Annuities, made One J oiwt Stock by an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, which fiood reduced to Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the Fifth Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, be, with the Consent of the several Proprietors, from the Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, consolidated by the Acts of the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of hi? late Majesty, and an Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and that the Charges and Expences, payable in respect of the fame, shall continue to be paid and payable out of the Sinking Fund, until Redemption by Parliament, in the same Manner, and at the same Time, as the last mentioned Annuities are paid and payable; and that such Persons who shall not, ou or before the Twentieth Day of March One thousanc! Seven hundred and Eighty-one, signify their Dissent in Books to be opened at the Bank for that Purpose, shall be deemed and taken to assent thereto.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out so much of the said Resolution, as respects the raising Money by a Lottery.

And the Question being put. That the Words " and " the further Sum of Four hundred and Eighty thousand Pounds by a Lottery,*' stand Part of the said Resolution }

Vol. 38.

The House divided. The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,}

I General Frafer:

Tellers for the Noes j M1*'

'(Mr. Byng

iJ3-

80.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Ord> the Lord North, the Lord Westcote, the Lord Palmerston, Sir Richard Sutton, Mr. Butler, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. John Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A MeflTage from the Lords by Mr. Holford and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Town of Denbigh to the Town of Saint Asaph, and from thence to the Town and Port of Ruthland, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint: and for repealing an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as the same relates to the said Road; without any Amendment:. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing and improving certain Lands and Grounds within the Township of West IIalt on, in the Parish of Long Preston, in the West Riding of the

Denbigh

JRoad.

West Holton Inclosure.

Great

Ringlfeatf

Inclosure.

&c.

County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, iptituled, An Act for exchanging, dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Lands and Grounds called Whole Year Lands,

Half Year Inclosures, Open Field Lands, Brocks,

Commons, and Wastes, in Great Ringstead, in the County of Norfolk', without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Dockyards; Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of Purchase certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Kent and Essex, purchased in pursuance of Two several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Sheernefsand Chatham, and for better defending the Passage of the River Thames at Grave]end and Tilbiny Fort; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other trading Ships and Vessels; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.; without any Amendment: And also.

The 'Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for pun idling Mutiny and Defection, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Duty of One Farthing per Chalder on Coals, granted by an Act of the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for the more effectual repairing and maintaining the Piers and Harbour of IVhilby, in the County of York; w ithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Borrow flora Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Port of Borrozvftounmfs, by the West of the Borough

of

Manners and Seamen

Marine Forces.

Army; Mutiny and Desertion.

Whitby

Harbour.,

ness, &c. Road.

t

276 8° — 90 M . 1781.

C better field, &c. Roads.

Modbury

through

Plympton

Road.

Kohn's

Nat.

Chicklade

Inclosure.

Leave of Absenco.

of Linlithgow, and by the Town of Bathgate, and Whiteburn, and from thence Southward to the

Confines of the County of Linlithgoio, at or near Hollhousebtirn; without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road near the Weil End of the Town " of Chesterfield to Matlock; and also the Road

" leading out of the said Road, over Bridge, to

" CrofsGreen; and also the Road leading out of the

" last mentioned Road to the Turnpike Road near " Roivejley Bridge, in the County of Derby" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the

Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Modbury, through the Town of Plympton, to the North End of LincottaLane, in the County of Devon; with-

out any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing George Lewis Kohn; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, of and within the Parish of Chicklade, in the County of Wilts; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Rrouw have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month, on his private Affairs.

Members Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the Second concerned Heading of the Bill, for restraining any Person, being a in Contracts. Member of the House of Commons, from being concerned himself, or any Person in Trust for him, in any Contraft made by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, the Commissioners of the Navy, the Board of Ordnance, or by any other Person or Persons, for the Public Service, unless the said Contraft shall be made at a Public Bidding, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time. llefolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refulved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Importation Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-£* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit the Importation of Flax and Flax Seed into this Kingdom, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, navigated with Foreign Mariners, during the present Hostilities.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Venerisy 90 Martii;

Anno 2i* Georgii IIItu Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of John Saunders and Alexander Hume, Esquires; and also the Petition of certain Freeholders, of the Borough of Dozcnton, in the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and other Freeholders of the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Twenty fix Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration. And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Two Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of William Baker, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioners, and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Forty-three other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Lord Kensington being drawn, he required to be excused from Serving on the said Select Committee on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age or upwards, and having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Four other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Thirty-one other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Two, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; Four, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; Fourteen, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees; Ten, on Account of their having already, in this Session of Parliament, served on Select Committees; and One, on Account of his Return to serve in Parliament not having been brought in Fourteen Days.

‘ And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete, the Counsel for the Sitting Members nominated

kowntoa

Election.

X

Soithrnaftdn

KoatU j Conduct of Mr.sItaiUnd.

Leave of Abfeoce.

Shaftesbury

Election.

Efcrkk newr Church.

Little

Harrowden

Inclosure.

Ditto.

Chic V face loclosure*

21 Geo. III. 9 " Mar Hi477

stated John Barings Esquir^, lo serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lids of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened |

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Report is recommitted, which was made from the Committee to whom die Petition of the Trustees appointed to carry into Execution several Acts for repairing and widening the Roodk leading from the Town of Southmolton, in the Cotility of Devon-, and also the Petition of Sharland, of Southmolton, in the County of Devon, Gentleman, were severally referred, have Leave to lit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Rajldcigh have Leave to go into the Country , for Three Weeks, on his private Affairs.

Mr. Dcmpjler, from the Selc6t Committee appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Sir George Collier, Knight, and Hans Mortimer, Ef-

quire; and also the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Borough o{' Shaf/on, otherwise Shaft ef-bury, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, acquainted the House* That the said Committee defirod Leave to adjourn till Monday next, at Ten of the Clock, the said Committee having already fat Nine Days, and many of the Members of the said Committee being indil'penfably engaged to attend their private Affairs, and such Adjournment being with the Consent of all the Parties.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave, for the special Cause assigned, to adjourn till Monday next, at Ten of the Clock.

Mr. Frederick Montagu presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for building a new Chu.rh and Rectory House. in the Parish of Efcrick, in the County of York; and for making Exchanges ol'certain Lands and Hereditaments within the said Parish; And the same was received and read the Firli Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Frederick Montagu be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed^ being the principal Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Little Harrowden, in the County 0

Mr. Frederick Montagu presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable. Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Little Harrowden in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the FiiflTime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The'.House' proceeded to take info Considerationthe Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, . An AcVfdr dividing ami . inclosing the Common Fields, Corpmon Downs, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, of and within the Parish of Chick-" ladefm the County of Wilts.

And the said Amendments w>ere read; and are as folloiveth; viz.

Press i j. 1. 3. Leave out from *' lawful" to " for," in tine 8; and in the same Line leave out " all or any other of."

1. 13. After "Life" insert " other than the said Benjamin Blotch, and his " Successors, Rectors of the said " Parish' of"

Vol. 38.

Press 15. 1. 21. Leave out " Tythes.'

I. 26. Leave out " Tythes."

J. 27. After"Hereditaments, iniertctothef " than Tythes;" and in the same Line, and Line 28, leave out "or

" arising.11

1. 31. Leave out from h thereto11 to " so," in Ling37; and in the same Line* and Line 38, leave out " as also " all otherand in Line 38 leave out from " Exchanges'1 to " be" in Press 161 Line i.

The said Amendnlents beipg severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put there-. upon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Penruddock do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships,

Sir HerbertMaclcworthreported from the Commiftep,. to whom the Petition of William Smith, Doctor of Physic, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the report in his Place;, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Doctor Smith produced to your Committee, a Copy of a Refo-,-lution, made at a Committee* called Charily, dated the 25th March 1776, and font to him by Sir Charles Whitworth, Chairman of the said Committee, desiring him to visit the Sick in the respective Gaols and Prifoils of London, Westmirtfer^ and South-work, in order to administer proper Relief, for which. a Sum of Money was appropriated by the said Charity; which Copy was proved to be in the Hand Writing of Sir Charles Whitworth, and was directed to the keepers of the several Gaols, Sic. in the Cities of Westminster, and Borough of Southwark.

And it appeared to your Committee, by the Examination of several Persons who had been confined for Debt in The Fleet, The Poultry Compter, The Borough Compter, The Marshalfca, and The King's Bench Prisons* that Doctor Smith, and an Apothecary appointed by him, had frequently attended the said Prisons* at different Times, from March 1776 till March 1780, and' administered Relief to the Sick Prisoners — That Dr. Smith fomefimes attended Two or Three Times in a Day, and had seldom been a Day absent, at same of the Prisons. for several Months together — That great Numbers were relieved by his Assistance, and supplied with Medicines from his Apothecary, by his Orders, without paying any Thing for them; which it ^p^ peared had been given in great Quantities, and when- , ever the Prisoners feat for them — That he left Directions at all the Prisons to be sent for whenever his-Assistance was wanted, and always attended, or sent Me-: dicincs, when applied to — That ppne of the aforesaid -Gaols, except the Marshalsea, hg(l during that Time* . any Medical AlTillance, and there an Apothecary only attended — That Dr. Smith had treated the Patients with greatTenderness and Humanity, giving pecuniary Ap -lidance to many, as well as Medicines; and it was tbg -Opinion of the Witnesses, I hat he had been the Means' > of saving the Lives of many People, who mult have died but for his AlMance — That several, in,- grqat Danger, had been cured under his Directions} and . that Surgeons dccafionally attended in consequenve of his Orders, and at his Expence. — Then,

Mr. John Cofuns was examined, who said he had attended the several Prisons before mentioned, as Apothecary, at the Requell and under the Directions of, Dr. Smith, from the Month of March 1776 till tiro Year 1780, and at different Times gave and sent. Medicines to to the Sick Prisoners — That he regularly made a Report to Dt. Smith of the State of the

4 B Health

Dr. W* Smith's Attendance on the Sick of London Gaels

2^8 9° Martii.A. 1781.

Health of the Prisoners, and kept regular Accounts of Medicines delivered, which were always examined by the Doctor.

And lie produced to your Committee his Book of Accounts, by which it appeared, that from the 6th of April 1776 to the 14th of April 1779 the Charges for Medicines delivered to Sick Prisoners, at the different Prisons during that Period, amounted to £.521. m. 7 d.

And being further examined, he said. That his Charges for Medicines delivered to Prisoners, were in general the fyme that he made to other People; but that he had made no Charge for a very long and eon-ilant Attendance, which was of great Prejudice to his other Business — That being employed by Dr. Smith, he considered him as answerable for tliePayment — That he has only received £.50, paid by Sir Charles Whitworth from a Committee at Wefimbifter, which Sum is to be deduced from the before mentioned Account — That since that Account was made up, he had deli-'' vered Medicines, under the Prescriptions of Dr. Smithy } to Sick Prisoners, to the Amount of near £.20.

And Dr. Smith informed your Committee, That he considered himself obliged, under the Directions he received from Sir Charles Whitworth, to examine, as far as lay in his Power, the State, Condition, and Management of the several Gaols he attended; and did, with great Labour, and at a considerable Expence, compile several Pamphlets, with such Observatious and Remarks as he thought might tend not only to let forth the true State and Condition of such Gaols, but also to point out such Alterations and Amendments as he apprehended might in some Degree improve the general Police relative to Prisons and Prisoners; and as a Proof of the Truth of this Afler-tfon, he produced the following printed Pamphlets.

" State of the Gaols in London, Westminster, and " Borough of SoutInvark."

" Observations on the Laws relative to Debtors and " Felons.*

" Considerations on the Laws between Debtors and " Creditors."

Observations on the Bill depending in Parliament " for the Relief of Debtors, Sic.11 u ASliort View of the modern Practice of Physic."

And the House being informed. That some further Examination' was necessary to be had, touching the Matter of the said Petition;

Otderedy That the said Report be re-committed. Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

Haleworihy A Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers Roids. of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Haleworthy, in the Parish of Davidftozv, in the County of Comically to this Raft End of Wadebridge, in the said County, and from the West End of Wadebridge aforesaid, into and through the Borough of Mitchelly in the said County, was read' a Second Time.

Refdlved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Cockbiifne, Mr. Macpherfony &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon" at Pive of the Clock, in the* Speaker's Chamber.

Downton 3The Coimfr! 'and Agents before mentioned being Election. aga*m returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend-the said Select Committee, delivered in to the House One of the in id Lifts, which had been struck hyjtlid laid Comileb in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unit ruck; to which last mentioned Lift the Names of William Baker and John Baring, Esquires, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows

: ft

John Roberts, Esquire, Francis Bast tty Esquire, Ambrose Goddard, Esquire, Francis Page, Esquire, Richard Wiibraliam Bootle, Esquire, William Clive, Esquire, Fre* derick Montagu, Esquire, Hans Sloane, Esquire, Sir John Dunlze, Baronet, Abel Smith, Esquire, John Acland,

Esquire, Sir John Ruflmit, Baronet, Samuel Blackwell,

Esquire, William Baker, Esquire, John Baring, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of John Saunders and Alexander Ilume, Esquires; and also the Petition of certain Freeholders of the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and other Freeholders of the said Borough, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table,-in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counseland Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Third Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of Adjownmeta. the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

A Petition of the United Company of Merchants of Administration England trading to the East Indies, was presented to the House and read; Setting- forth. That by an Act of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty, intituled, <c An*

" Act for eftahlidling certain Regulations for the better " Management of the A flairs of the£q/?/Wfrz Company,

" as well in India as in Europe11 the wholeCivil and Military Government of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, and the Ordering, Management, and Government of all the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues in the Kingdoms of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, are vested in the Governor General and Council of the said Presidency, in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as the same were at the Time of passing the Act, or at any Time before might have been exercised by the President and Council, or Select Com-T mittee, in the said Kingdoms, subject to the Orders received from the Court of Directors; and that by the said Act His Majesty was impowered to erect and constitute a Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William -aforesaid, with full Powers and Authority to exercise and perform aft Civil, Criminal, Admiralty, and Ecclesiastteal Jurisdiction over all British Subjects reficlent in the said Kingdoms or Provinces, under the Protection of the said United East India Company, and to hear and determine all Complaints against any of His,'

Majesty's Subjects, for any Crimes, Misdemeanors, or Oppressions, committed or to be committed, and also to entertain, hear, and determine any Suit, Action, or Complaint, against any Person who shall, at the Time^ when such Debt or Cause of Action or Complaint shall ' have arisen, have been employed by, or shall then have^ been directly or indirectly in the Service of the faiclUnited,

East India Company, or of any of His Majesty *s Subjects, and against any Inhabitant of the said Kingdoms, for a Debt arising on any Contract, or Agreement in Writing, with any of His Majesty's Subjects, where the Gause of Action shall exceed the Sum of Five *" hundred current Rupees, and where the said Inhabitant shall have agreed in the said Contract, that in same of Disputes, the Matter shall be heard and determined in the said Supreme Court of Judicature; which said Pbwer and Authority His Majesty hath been graciously pleased to carry into Execution by His Royal Charter, bearing date the 26th Day of March, in the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign; and that by the said Act and Charter, Two independent Powers have been erected, that of the Governor General and Council entrusted with the Supreme Authority of Government, and that of the Judges entrusted with the Su' preme Administration of Justice within the Provinces

41 Geo. III.

1r>f Bengal, Bahdr, and Oriffa, between whom very alarms ing Contentions have arilen, which have proceeded to such Extremity, that a Military Force has been employed to refill the Process of the Court* and this extraordinary Interpofitiop, avowed and jtiftified upon the Plea of Necessity, finer* without this Interposition, the Governor General and Council affirm, that the lie-venues must have been loft, the Natives of high Rank disgraced, and the Provinces involved in Confiifion; and that your Petitioners apprehend these Contentions have principally arisen from Defeats in the Institution itself, which has eilabiithed Two Powers perfectly dif-tinct, and independent, without providing sufficient Means, to prevent their Collision; and this Opinion your Petitioners are more inclined to adopt, by observing, that the Governor General and Council on the one Hand, and the Judges on the other, were unanimous in every Measure taken throughout this unhappy Contest { That the express Reference in the said Act to the Powers exercised by former Presidents and Council, as well as the Nature of the Subject, decide on the Intention d( the Legislature, not to prefdribe any definite Limits to the Authority of the Governor General and Council in the Civil and Military Government of the Provinces and the Management of the Revenues: Probably, where a small Number of Strangers govern an extensive Terri*, tory, in which a despotic Power has ever before prevail* ed, and col left the Revenues of that Territory adapted to the Nature of their former Government, it will ever be impossible to prescribe any oevtnin known Rules of Conduct to Men entrusted with such an Authority; much less will it be possible to apply the Laws of this Country to so novel a Situation; neither do your Petitioners apprehend that the Court of Justice established by His Majesty's Charter can be rendered subordinate to the Governor General and Council, as the Inha-

bitants in their Petition to this honourable House, have requested, without totally defeating the Ends of Its In* stitution; since, therefore, both these Powers mull fub-iift independent of each other, some Limit seems necessary to prevent their Opposition, which can only be productive of Disgrace and Ruin; for this Purpose it» seems not sufficient that the Distinction between private, Acts of Individuals and public Acts of Government should be recognized as a Principle: This the Judges have already done, but Experience has demonstrated, that a rigid Adherence to Forms, and strict Interpretation of Law, unavoidable in Judges where private Rights are concerned, will greatly impede, if not in many Infiances wholly suspend, the Functions of Government: Indeed, if Men, exercising an undefined Authority, shall be bound to Rate t,heir Defence with technical Precision, to set forth former Practice as a Custom to prove the Act within the Power exercised by former Presidents and Council, and be entangled by all the strict Rules of Evidence, fuqli a legal Exemption must be merely nominal: Your Petitioners, therefore, biunhly fubyrut to the Wisdom of this honourable House, whether the Object may not be better attained, by permitting Persons to alledge generally, that the Act complained oti was done under an Authority derived from the Governor General and Council; making the ic Certificate, upon,a Reference to them, conclusive Evidence of this Fafc't, always permitting the Judgfs to proceed where Corruption was imputed as the Foundation of the Action entertained by the Court: By such a Provision, every Individual acting honestiy in any Department of Government, will enjoy; the Protection necessary in an unsettled State, where Do-, minion muR be uphold by the Sword, and the Country regulated, as the Occasion shall require, by a large dif-cret ionary Power; while the Attention of the Governor General and Council will be drawn to the moR questionable Conduct of Inferiors, who may be punished by Censure, Suspension, or Dismission; and every Act where Corruption is imputed, will be submitted to the piore ri-Vol,;8.

gorous Iuveftigationofan EnglishiZomt of Law: Your AdminifWma Petitioners find like wife, by Papers transmitted to of Justice them, that Men fitting in the Administration of Justice have been subjected to large Damages, where no un-i n' worthy Motive was even suggested, Men have Consequently been unwilling to act without an Indemnity from the Company, and had they not been protected by the Govemor.General and Council, at a great Expence to the Company, the Administration of Justice throughout the Country muR have been iufpended: The Decision may be consonant to the Rules of the Supreme Court of Judicature, and to the Laws by which the Judges are obliged to proceed, but is-certainly inconfrilent with the present State of the: Country: Where British Subjecta preside in Courts which administer Justice according to the ancient Laws and Customs-of the Country, a Dele* gation of Authority to those versed in the respective Laws of the Gentoos or Mahomedans, as the same may require, seems necessary,. and the Prgftice has long pre-< vailed: To examine the Conduct o/.these Delegates, to hear Objections to their Report, and finally to decree upon the Rights of Litigants thus ascertained, appear to be the whole Duty of a Judge under such Circumstances; yet Acts of this Nature have been deemed Trespasses in the Plaintiff) in the Delegates, and the Judges; should Ac s done in such, or the like Situations, be hereafter examined by the rigorous Maxims adapted to a more perfect J udicature, should the Parties be embarrassed in their Defence by technical Forms in alledging a*id proving the Authority of the Court, and the Regularity of their Proceeding, muchlnjusticefeems '

unavoidable: Your Petitioners, therefore, humbly fub-mit to the Wisdom of this'honourable House, whether it may not be just to leave the Officers, and other Per-lbns acting under the Authority of these Courts, wholly to the Cohtroul of the Judges of the said Courts, and to subject the Judges to the Supreme Court of J udicature, ohly where Corruption, or other criminal Motive, shall be proved in a Prosecution by Information or Indictment, leaving, their Errors or Irregularities to be re-dressed by Appeal to the Superior, Courts of the Country: And whether it may not be expedient to render the intended Prated!ion effectual, by making the necessary Allegations few and Ample, and at the same Time, to fa* cilitate the Proof of these Allegations by making the Certificate.of the Judges conclusive Evidence that the Act complained of was done under their Authority, and the Certificate of the Governor General and Council conclusive Evidence of the Appointment of the Persons claiming to act as the Judges of the Court ? And herb your Petitioners think themselves compelled, by Humanity and Justice, to entreat the Attention of this honourable House to the unhappy Situation of the Cauzee. and Mustees, who now languith in Confinement without, a Possibility of Relief, except from Parliament: Ydtir Petitioners are further alarmed by the Embarrassinent in the Management a,udCollection of the Revenues created by the Jurisdiction of the Supreme-Gourt* which have been represented to your Petitioners to be so great.and extensive, as to threaten the Loss of thoieS up plies which: can alone provide for the Government and Defence of the Provinces, or render the Possefljon of these beneficial to Great Britain: And yoiir Petitioners, in examining these Papers, discover abundant Proofs of the Truth of that Opinion which the Legislature, in the Act of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty, seem already to have adopted, that the Administration of Justice by an English Cour:t of Judicature is wholly incompatible,

not only -with the State of -Government in every Part of the Country, but likewise with the Laws, Custoros,

Religion, and Manners, of, the People, which,; amongst Hindoos who constitute the great Body of the Nation,

enter so much into the Observances of common Life, and are so biended with the Character and Natuneof tli&

People, that a Violation of these must be felt ais the-xpost insupportabjcTyranny Without pr.efuio.ing to decide

28© / MartiL 1781.

Administration j.j^ whether those who hold Districts and become re-ihBcnfed fponlible with their Sureties for the Revenues of these . w',_' Districts to the Company, be they hereditary Zemindars,

‘ ' or more temporary Farmers, are, or are not, com-

prehended under the general Words of the Charter, as directly or indirectly in the Service of the Company, your Petitioners think it their Duty to represent to this honourable House, that the Ordinary Process of the Supreme Court, antecedent even to the Deci-lion of the Question of Jurisdiction, will produce little less than Consulion: Your Petitioners are willing to ascribe the Outrages which have been committed, by entering the Apartments of the Women, and the Defilement of the Place of Worship, to the Ignorance of the inferior Officers of the Court; hut by the ordinary Process, which cannot be withheld, Men of high Rank, possessing themselves a local Jurisdiction and extensive Authority, and Women of the same Description, who cannot appear without Disgrace, are brought from the m'oftdistant Parts of the Provinces to , and must

there give Bail, frequently for very large Sums, by Persons resident in Calcutta, or be committed to Gaol; they may then plead to the Jurisdiction, but must verify that Plea upon Oath, which alonedifhonours them, and, after a long Delay, may pollibly obtain a Decision in their Favour; in the mean Time, the Districts they govern are involved inConfufion, the Revenues loft, themselves and Families disgraced, and all these Disorders produced by a J udicature administered according to unknown Laws, in an unknown Tongue, and totally repugnant to the simple Forms in which they have been accustomed to behold the Administration of Justice, where the Prcrfe/lion of an Advocate is unknown: The People hear, fee, and feel the In juries, but cannot comprehend the Benefit intended; and such have been their Terrors, that the Renters of the Patna and other Pil-tricls, have petitioned to be discharged from their Engagements with the Company ,representing the Lawyers as the Mailers of Right, and that whomsoever they favour, he must prevail: Your Petitioners apprehend, that the Supreme Court must be restrained from a direct Interference with the Management of the Revenues, either by its ordinary Process, or by Writs of Habeas Corpus, or the Provinces cannot be retained in a Manner beneficial to Great Britain: And Your Petitioners humbly submit, that with respect to the Natives in general, nothing more can be done, than to give a regular Administration of J nftice, prompt andlimplein its Forms, on a more permanent Ellablillmient than that which is derived from temporary Regulations made by those intruded with the executive Government, veiling an Authority in the SupremeCourt to watch over the Integrity of these Judges: Whether such an Arrangement can be bell made by Laws framed in a local Le-

giflnture created by Parliament, your Petitioners do not presume to determine; but should the former Plan be adopted, your Petitioners humbly represent, that if the Nomination and Removal of the Europeans who preside in these Courts be not given to the Governor General and Council, who direct the Residence of ployed in other Duties Of Executive Government, the Expence of Salaries necessary on a separate Establishment will become too heavy a Burthen; Ihouldthe latter Plan be approved, your Petitioners hnmbly submit,' that a Reference of the intended Regulations, before such Regulations be established, to -the Provincial Chiefs and Councils who may be obliged to report their Opinions and Roafons at large upon the Subject^ may furnish much valuable Information, not only to thofeto whom the Legislative Power is given, but also to those whoso final Approbation in England may be thought a properC'ontroul on the local Legislattire; and that the Mode already adopted by Parliament, ofrequir-ing these Laws to be registered in the Supreme Court, may be a useful Restraint on any intended temporary Arrangements of the Executive Government, and tend

to moderate aPower which cannot accurately be defined:

Your Petitioners, with great Humility, submit the whole of what is here suggested to the Wisdom of this honourable House; but the Court of Director*, intruded with the important Concerns of the East India Company, think they should have been wanting to their Duty, if they had not, in the Name and on Behalf of the Company, conveyed the Impressions which they have received from the Papers trail fruit ted to them to th is honourable House, from whom alone your Petitio- I

ners can expect Redress: Your Petitioners therefore humbly pray, that the Governor General and Council, and those who have acted under them, mav he indemui-fied for the Refinance made to the Process of the Supreme Court, and that such Lawsmaybe provided in future, as may prevent the Return of the like Disorders.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open MountAsml Fields, Commonable Grounds; and Places, ofand within lnck> UIU the Manor, Lordship, and Liberties of in

the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Refoh'cd, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Darker, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen^ and for the more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty's Navy, w'as read the Third Time

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty's Navy.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Kncourafcrnfl of Seamen.

The House being informed that Mr. from '^fjortlce*

the Office of the Earl of HHis Majesty's in Bengal Principal Secretary of State for the Southern Department, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Ad-drels to His Majesty,

Copies of Letters and Papers transmitted to His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Southern Department, by Sir Elijah Impey, and the other Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal;

N® t. Copy of a Letter from Sir Elijah Imneu to the Earl of Roch/ord, dated Calcutta, December 1774;

And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from Sir Elijah to the

Earl of Roch/ord, dated Calcutta, 25th March, 1775:

And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Sir Elijah to the Earl of Roch/ord, dated Calcutta, 25 th March 1775; inclosing,

N° 4. Certificate of the Chief Justice and Justices t of the Supreme Court of Judicature, at Fort William, in Bengal, of the several Offices and Places, and Officers and Clerks and t heir Salaries, and Table of Fees settled by the said Court.

N° 5. Rules and Orders of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William.

N° 6. Copy of the Indictment, Evidence, and Pro ceedings, against Michael: And also,

N° 7. Copy of a Letter from Sir Elijah Impel/ to the Earl of Roch/ord, dated Calcutta, 9th August 1775;'

inclosing,

N° 8. Further Rules and Orders.

N® q. Copy of a Letter from the Four Judges at Fort William, to the Court of Directors, dated the 2d Aug 11/ 1775.

N® io. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Justice Le Maiftre and Mr. Justice Hyde to the Directors of the East India Company, August ad, 1775.

N® 11.

21 Geo. III. o° Mar Hi. 281

N° 11. Copy of a Letter from the Grand Jury of Calcutta, to Sir Elijah N° 12. Copy of a Letter from the Free Merchants, &e. of Calcutta, to Sir Elijah N° 13. Copy of a Letter from the Armenians of Calcutta, to Sir Elijah Impey.

N° 14. Copy of a Letter from Mr. to Mr.

Justice Le Maijlre, January 14th, 1775.

N° 15. Copy of a Paper alluded to in Mr. Sumner's Letter, 14th January 1775.

V 16. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Justice Le Maijlre and Mr. Justice Hyde to the Governor General and Council, 25th May 1775.

N° 17. Copy, Depofttion of llyder Ram, Sircar to Mr. Justice I*e Maijlre.

N° 18. Copy of a Letter from the Governor General and Council to Two of the Judges, 22d May 1775.

N° 19. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Justice Le Maijlre and Mr. Justice Hyde to the Governor General and Council, May 20th 1775.

N* 20. Copy of a Letter from the Governor Gene-mi and Council to Two of the Judges, dated Fort William, June 8th 1775.

N* 21. Copy, Deposition of BauhallMa

carrah to Mr. Justice Le Maijlre: And also,

N* 22. Copy of a Letter from Sir Elijah Impey to the Earl of Rochford, dated Calcutta, 4th Sep-

tember 1775; inclosing,

N® 23. Copy of the Hindoo Address: And also,

N® 24. Copy of a Letter from Sir Elijah Impey to the Lari of Rochford, dated Fort William, j yth September 1775; inclosing,

N* 25. Copy Revenue Letter, 16th September 1775: And also,

N® 26. Copy of a Letter from Sir Elijah Impey to the Earl of Rochford, dated Calcutta, November 23d, 1775; inclosing,

N® 27. Copy of a Letter from Sir Elijah Impey to the Court of Directors, dated Calcutta, November 23d, 1775: And also,

N® 28. Cony of a Letter from Sir Elijah Impey to the Earl of Rochford, Fort William, ill December 1775; inclosing,

N® 29. Copy of Minutes delivered to R

well, Efcpiire, by die Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, the 30th November 1775.

N® 30. Copy of a Letter from the Governor General and Council to the Court of Directors, dated Fort William, ill December, 1775.

N® 31. Report of the Secretary to the Board: And also,

N® 32. Copy of a Letter from Sir Elijah Impey to the Earl of Rochford, dated Calcutta, 20th January, 1776; inclosing,

N® 33. Notes and Depositions concerning comar :And also,

N® 34. Copy of a letter from Sir Elijah Impey to the Earl of Rochford, dated Calcutta, 2Qth January 1776; inclosing,

N® 35. same and Recommendation of And also,

N® 3 6.Copy of a Letter from Sir Elijah Impey to

Lord Viscount Weymouth, dated Calcutta, 17th September 177b; inclosing,

N® 37. Rules and Orders of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal: And also, N® 38. Copy of a Letter from Sir Elijah Impey to Lord Viscount Weymouth, dated Calcutta, 19th September 1776; inclosing,

N® 39. Copy of a Letter to the Court of Directors of the East India Company from the Judges

of the Supreme Court, dated Fort William, 14th September 1776.

N® 40. Correspondence relative to the Payment of the Judgas Salaries: And also,

VOL. 38.

N® 41. Copy of a Letter from Sir Elijah Impey to Lord Viscount Weymouth, dated Calcutta, 4th Novem- a

her 177b j inclosing, Alfairs.

N® 42. Copy of a Standing Order of the Supreme Court of Judicature: And also,

N® 43. Copy of a Letter from Mr. J nftice Le Maijlre and Mr. Justice Hyde to Lord Viscount Weymouth, dated Fort William, 28th November 1776; inclosing,

N® 44. Reasons for the Dilfent of Mr. Justice Le Maijlre And Mr. Justice Hyde from an Extra-judicial Rule of Pra#ice, &c.: And also,

N® 45. Extra# of a Letter from Sir Elijah Impey to Lord Viscount Weymouth, dated Fort William, 26th March 1779; inclosing,

N® 46.' Answer to Petition for Juries.

N° 47. Copy of a Letter from the Committee, setting forth the Reason of their not being able to attend the Court on the Day proposed by the Judges.

N* 48. Copy of a Letter from the Committee, requeuing to communicate the Address to the Judges.

N® 49. Petition of the British Subject s. Inhabitants of Calcutta.

N* 5P. Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Francis to Sir Robert Chambers, communicated by him to the other Judges.

1 N®5i. Advertisement for the Meeting of the Subscribers to the Petition at the Theatre.

N® 52. Copy of James Creaffy'sAdvertisement.

N® 53. Copy of the Resolutions of the Subscribers to the Petition.

N® 54. Copy of the Letter from the Committee, inclosing the Answer of the Subscribers to the Petition.

N° 55. Notice of The Nassau's Dispatch.

N® 56, Copy of a Rule.

N® 57. Rule toexcufe Board of Commerce: And also.

Copies of several Papers received from Mr. Serjeant Rooke and Mr. Serjeant Kirby, to whom they were transmitted by Sir Elijah Impey, in order to be communicated to His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Southern Department.

Together with Lists of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Se-le# Committee, to whom the Petition of John Touchet and John Irving, Agents for the British Subjects residing in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffa, and their several Dependencies, whose Names are subscribed to the Petition thereinafter set forth; and also the Petition of Warren Hastings, Esquire, Governor General, and of Philip Francis and Edward Wheler, Esquires, Counsellors for the Government of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, are referred.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day, being read for the House to Completing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon ^.e.

the Bill for keeping the Militia Forces of this Kingdom Ul*‘

complete, during the Time therein to be mentioned;

Ordered, That it be an Inftm#ion to the Said Committee, That they have Powrer to receive a Clause, for excepting certain Persons from being received hereafter as Substitutes in the Militia.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Brickdale took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Brickdale reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to -report, when the House will please to receive the famd.

4 C Ordered,

282 9° — 12° MA. 1781.

Ordered, That the Report be received- upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

W«ys and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-

Mean*. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole house, to confuler further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And theu the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

X

Lutue 12® die Martii;

Anno n* Georgii III1'* Regis, 1781.

Pit A V £ R S.

Royal Afleat A M ESS AGE by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentle-to /\ man Usher of the Black Rod:

Bill*. Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, atthe Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bids therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President. of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Earl of named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth: viz.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore:

An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels:

An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Messuages, I^ands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Kent and r, purchased in pursuance of Two several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores at Sheernejsand Chatham, and for better defend-

ing the Passage of the River Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of llis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for augmenting the Militia

An Act for extending the Provisions of Three Acts, made in the Eighteeeth, Nineteenth, and Twentieth Years of llis present Majesty's Reign, with respect

to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Prizes taken from the States General of the Uuited Provinces; for declaring what Goods tliall be deemed Military or Ship Stores; for regulating the Sale of, and nfeertanting the Duties upon, East India Goods condemned as

Prize in the Port of London-, for permitting the Purchasers of Prize Goods condemned Abroad, to import such Goods into this Kingdom, under the like Regulations and Advantages as are granted by Law to Captors themselves; and for reducing the Duties on Foreign Prize Tobacco:

An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of l lis present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of fineOrganzined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time:

An Act to continue the Duty of One Farthing per Chalder on Coals, granted by an Act of the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for the more effectual repairing and maintaining the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the county of : An Act for continuing the Term of an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Stratford u/xm Moon, in the County of Warwick, through Alcester in the said County, and Feckenhu m,to a Place called Bradley brook, i 111 he Conn ty of Worcester; and from Alcester, through G real and CrabsCrofs, in the said County of Warwick, and through EwellLa neand Burcott, to The Crtfs of Hands on

a Common called The Ixekhay, and out of Lane

through Church Lane and Tuto Bronjgrove, in the said County of Worcester:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Ninth and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty King the

Second, for amending and keeping in Repair such Part of the Roads described in the last mentioned Act as leads from the End ot Culham Bridge next to in the County of Oxford, to the End of Burford Bridge next to Abingdon, in the County of Berks, and from The Mayor's Stone zX the End of Boar , in the Town of

Abingdon aforesaid, to Shippon, in the said County of Berks, and from thence to the West End of the Town of Fyfield, in the same County:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of and

Marazion, and from thence to and over River

and Bridge, and Two hundred Feet to the West ward of the said River and Bridge:

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Town of Denbigh to the Town of Saint Asaph, and from thence to the Town and Port of Ruth-land, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint 5 and for repealing an Act made in the Thirty-second Y'ear of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as the same relates to the said Road:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Port of Borroujionnness, by the West of the

Borough of Linlithgoio, and by the Towns of chen, Bathgate, and Whileburn, and from thence Southward to the Confines of the County of at

or near Ilollhousebum:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from 0 the Turnpike Road near the West End of the Town f of Chesterfield to Matlock Bridge, and also the Road " leading out of the said Road, over Bridge, to

" Crojfgreen, and also the Road leading out of the last- mentioned Road, to the Turnpike Road near Rowejley " Bridge, in the County of Derby

Accnxmt of E&ciic.

Estimate. leceipt of C adorn*.

Leke

ladofore.

Lavaccftoti

Jtoads.

S«pphr^ffill i

Militia.

2i Geo. III. 12* M283

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-ft-eoud Year of the lteign o^ his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Modbunj, through the Town of Plympton, to

the North End of Lincotla Lane, in the County of Devon:

An Act for dividing and inclosingthe Commons and Waite Lnndsin thel'arish of Shote/ham Saint Mary, Sho-teshamSaint Botolph, Sholesham All Saints, and Shote/ham

Saint Martins, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Manors and Parishes of Highclcrc and Burghclere, in the County of Southampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of /lingham, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for exchanging, dividing, allotting, and i«-tloling the I^inds and Grounds called Whole Year Lands, Half Year Inclosures, Open Field Lands, Breeks, Commons and Wailes, in Great in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for inclosing and improving certain Lands and Grounds within the Township of Halton, in the Parish of Long PreJ'tonr in the Well-Riding of the County of York:

An Act for naturalizing Dame Charlotte Sophia Smyth, Wife of Sir Robert Smyth, Baronet; and for qualifying and enabling her to hold and enjoy a Rent Charge, limited to her upon her Marriage, in the Name of her Jointure:

An Act for naturalizing John Herman Kater:

An Act for naturalizing John Engelberts and Charles Augvjlus PieJ'chell

An Act for naturalizing George An Act for naturalizing Peter An Act for naturalizing James Mary Siordet and John Lewis lioojf'stetter:

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gross Produce of the Duties of Ex-cife in England, for Two Years, ending the 5th Day of July 17S0} together with the Increase and Decrease thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the Gross Receipt, Payments, and Net Produce, of the Revenue of Customs in England, for Two Years, to the 5th of January 17815 and the Payments into the Exchequer.

Mr. Frederick Montagu presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and iucloiing the several Open and Common Fields, lemmas Closes, Meadows, Pall ures, and Commons, within the Lord-Uiip or Liberty of Great Leke, otherwise East Leke, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for continuing and amending an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair/several Roads leading to the Borough of Laun-ceston, in the County of Cornwall, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Toxonjhend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for defraying the Chargeof the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Bri-/ff/ncalled £?/g/aM</,forOueYear, beginning the Twenly-Vol. 38.

fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and

Eighty-one.

Ordered, That Mr. Orddo carry the Bill to the Lords,

and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Wilmslow Wilmslow Bridge, in Wilmjloio, in the County of Chester, Bridge through Nether Alderley and the Town of Con to Roa '

or near The Red Bull in Church Lawton, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Creioc,

Mr. Grosvenor, Sue.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Charles Roe and Company, concerned in a Manufactory of Copper and Brass carried on at a Place called The Havannah, in the County of was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, that the Petitioners carry on a very extensive and valuable Manufactory of Copper and Brass, which is of great public Utility, as well as of great local Advantage, to those Parts of the County of Chester which adjoin upon, or lie contiguous to, that Part of the Country where the said Manufactory is carried on; and that if the said Bill passes into a Law as it uow stands, the Petitioners will be aggrieved and heavily burthened by the Tolls to which they will be subject, in passing with their Goods and Manufacture from The Havannah to their Wharf near The Red Bull in Church Lawton, and returning back to The Havannah: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against such Parts of the Bill as affect them, and that they may have such Relief in the Prernifes as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee,.That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

The House being informed that Mr. Pozvell, from Estimtte; the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Receipt of Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to Customs. the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Estimate of the Gross Receipt, Payments, and Net Produce, of the Revenue of Customs in England, for Two Years, to 5th January 1781, and the Payments into the Exchequer.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Estimate is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Bruere, from Account of the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he Excise. was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, Excise Malt, Sc. Compare of

" the

284 12° Mar Hi. A. t 781.

" the Grofe Produce of Years ended 5th July 1779 and " 1780." f

And then he withdrew.

And the T'itle of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to-be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Supply Bill; Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Lottery, &c. Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities and a Lottery; and for consolidating certain Annuities which were made One Joint Stock by an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of IlisS present Majesty, with certain Annuities consolidated by several Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

li(fohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Completing Mr. Brichdale, according to Order, reported from the Militia. t|le Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for keeping the Militia Forces of this Kingdom complete, during the Time therein to be mentioned, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Y»There the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for restraining Substitutes to Persons of the same County, and to Persons having but Two Children.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Arundel Mr. Jervoise, from the Select Committee, who were

EledUon. appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of the honourable Percy Wyndham, complaining of an undue Flexion and Return for the Borough of Arundel, in the County o\'Stiflex, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Sir Pa (rick Crattfurd is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough id Arundel, in the County of Siiflbx:

And also. That the said Committee have determined,

That Thomas Fitzherbert, ITquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in' this present Parliament for the Borough of Arundel, in the County of Sussex;

And also, That the said Committee have determined,

That the last West ion for the Borough of Arundel, in the County of Su/sex, is void with respect to One of the Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament lor the Borough of Arundel, in the County of Suffer, in the room of Sir Patrick Crattfurd, whose Flection for the said Borough has been determined to be void*.

A Petition of Henry Cvuger, Esquire, was delivered Rriftol in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That on the Election. 31st Day of January now last pad, an Election of One Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City and County of the City of Bristol, in the room of Sir Henry Lippincott, Baronet, deceased, was holden, by virtue of His Majesty's Writ for that Purpose, in the Guildhall of the said City, before Samuel Span,

Esquire, and Joseph Smith, Esquire, Sheriffs of the said City and Comity; and that, at the said Election, the Candidates were the Petitioner awd George Daubeny,

Esquire; and that, by polling great Numbers of Persons who received Parish Pa}r, Alms, and Charities, and others who had no Right to vote, and by many Acts of Bribery and Corruption, and other undue, partial, and illegal Practices and Proceedings, the said George Daubeny procured a colourable Majority of Votes; and though, on the Part of the Petitioner and his Electors, a Scrutiny was solemnly demanded, for the Sake of enquiring into the Legality of many V otes whose Circumstances were avowedly concealed, nevertheless the Sheriffs, in Violation of the Plights of the said Electors, refused to grant the Petitioner such Scrutiny; and by these, and the like Means, the said George Daubeny caused himself to be returned, by the Sheriffs aforesaid, as One of the Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, whereas the Petitioner had a Majority of Legal and undoubted Votes upon the said Poll, and ought to have been returned as One of the Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the said City. And therefore praying the House to take the several Matters aforesaid into their Consideration, and grant him such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet and competent.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 26th Day of June next, at Thfee of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of divers Persons whose Names are there- Ditto, unto subscribed, being Freeholders and Free Burgesses of the City and County of the City of Bristol, was also delivered in at the Table, and read; Containing the same Allegations and Prayer as the last preceding Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Considera-tiofl.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th anti 11th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties-, accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on* which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions. ‘

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Persons who subscribed to the Loan ^0 Loan.* of 14,000,000, made in this Session of Parliar-ment, specifying the Sums subscribed for by each Person.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That there be laid before this House, a List of the Persons who offered to subscribe to the said Loan, and of those whose Offers were rejected, together with an Account of the Sums offered by each Person;

The

21 Geo. III.

12°- — 130 Mar tit.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas ^r* tellers for the leas^ Mf J106.

Tellers for the Noes ^'r 1 ellers for the JNoes, Mr Adam . Ji37-

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That there be laid before this House, Copies of all . Letters and Lifts received by any of the Commissioners, or either of the Secretaries of His Majesty's Trea-

fury, from Persons applying to become Subscribers to

the said Loan, with the Answers sent thereto;

It passed in the Negative.

Coventry ' The Order of the Day being read, for the Atten-Election. dance of Mr. Thomas Noxott and Mr. Thomas

late Sheriffs of the City of Coventry, and for taking into further Consideration thefeveralPetitions presented to this House upon the 20th Day of last, re-

lating to the Return made by the said Sheriffs at the last General Election;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the further Attendance of the said Sheriffs, and the further Consideration of the said Petitions, be adjourned till ThurJ'day the a6th Day of next;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Sheriffs, and the Connfel for Lord - 1 Sheffield and Mr. Roe Yand for the several Freemen

of the City of Coventry, who have petitioned this House, complaining of the Conduct of the said Sheriffs, were called in.

And the Sheriffs having submitted to the House, that their Conn fel, who had attended on the former Hearing of the said Petitions, was gone the Circuit, and that they had not had Time to apply to any other Counsel.

The said Sheriffs, and the said Counsel, were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Attendance of the said Sheriffs, and the further Consideration of the several Petitions relating to the Return, made by them for the City of Coventry, at the last General Election, be adjourned till Thu if day Morning next.

Ditto. . The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report which w'as made from the Select Committee, wdio were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Edward Roe Yeo, Esquire, and John Lord Sheffield of the Kingdom of Ireland-, and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Freemen of the City of Coventry, and Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City; and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being entitled to the Freedom of the City of and to

vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City; severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City;

And the Kesolution of the Committee being retul a Second Time, " That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That the Chairman be directed to move the " House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for the better regulating Elections of Citizens to serve in Parliament

for the City of Coventry, in the County of Warwick

Mr. Eltves moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better regulating Elections of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of Coventry, in the County of Warwick: And that Mr. Eltves, Mr. Orde, Mr. Talk, Mr. Curzon, Mr. BoJJet., Mr. Frederick Mr.

Wynn, Mr. Philipps, Mr. Sibthorp, Mr. Sir

John Rous, Mr. Owen of Great Mr. Robert Smith,

VOL. 38.

285

Mr. Adam, and Sir Harbord Harborddo prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wedrtefday Importation Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit the Importation of Flax and Flax Seed into this Kingdom, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, navigated with foreign Mariners, during the present Hostilities.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Way» Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the and Means; whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the-whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is) 1 30 dieMartii;

Anno 21* Georgii 3*" Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration CHthero

the Petition of Asheton Curzon, Esquire; and Election. also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others; the Electors of the Borough of Clithero, in the County of Lancaster, complaining of an undue Election

and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent^ and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Buli-ness of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Fourteen Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glades, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Twenty-nine Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir George Yonge, Baronet, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioners, and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Twenty other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, 'Fhat in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Eighteen other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Three, on Account of their being Sixty Years of A'ge, or upwards, which they 4 D had

Down ton Election.

Bourn Eau Navigation.

Central

Turnpike

A&

Colchester

Streets,

&c.

Little

Harrowden

Inclosure.

286 13° Martii. 1781.

had before verified upon Oath; Four, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; Seven, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees; and Four, on Account of their having already in this Session of Parliament served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete, the Counsel for the Sitting Members nominated Lord John Cavendish to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Mr. Frederick Montagu, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of John Saunders and Hume, Ef-

quires; and a!so the Petition of certain Freeholders of the Borough of Dozonton, in the County of Wills, whose

Names are the.euntosubscribed, in Behalf of themselves, and other Freeholders of the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough; informed the House, That the said Select Commit:ee have determined,

That Robert Shafto, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess

to serve in this present Parliament i'or die Borough of Dozonton, in the County of Wilts:

And all'o. That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the honourable Henry Seymour Conway is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Dozonton

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

A Bill for improving the Navigation of the River called Bourn Eau, from the Town of Bourn to its Junction with the River Glen at a nace called Tongue End, hi the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Thorold, Mr. Tozonshend, See.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for declaring certain Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Turnpike Roads in that Part of called England, to extend to all Acts made, and to be made, for repairing Roads, subsequent to the passing of the said Act, was read a'Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William, Codrington, Mr. Elioes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A- Bill for continuing and making more effectual several Acts of Parliament, passed for cleansing and making navigable the Channel from at

chester to Wivenhoe, in the County of Essex; and for repairing and cleansing the Streets of the Town of Colchester; and also for lighting the Streets and Lanes, and for preventing Annoyances, in the said Town, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Smyth, Mr Byng, Sec.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and ificlosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in

the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill lie committed to Mr. Powys,

*7

Sir William Dolben, See.: And they are to meet this-Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Colonel Murray presented to the House, according Ifleof Man. to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for carrying into Execution a Contract made " pursuant to the Act of Parliament of the Twelfth of " his late Majesty King George the First, between the " Commissioniers of His Majesty's Tret.l'ury and the " Duke and Duchess of Atholl, the Proprietors of The " ljle of Man, and their Trustees, for the Purchase of " the said Island and its Dependencies, under certain " Exceptions therein particularly namedand to ascertain audeliablrlh the Jurisdiction oft Ire Manerial Courts of the Most Noble Jolui Duke of Atholl in the said liland; and to enable the said Duke, and his Heirs, to exercise and en jcJy certain Powers and Remedies therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read tfte First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Byng presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for diminifiiing the Fees payable, and altering the Mode of Proceeding, in the Court of Record within the Manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, the Hamlets and Liberties of the fame: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for keeping the Militia Forces of Completing this Kingdom complete, during the Time therein to be the Militia. mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for keeping the Militia Forces of this Kingdom complete, during the Time therein mentioned; and for regulating the Ad mi Ikon of Substitutes to serve in the Militia.

Ordered, That Mr. Ori do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account Account of all British Plantation Tobacco imported °1 Tobacco, into England from 1760 to 1780, and the Quantity exported from England in the same Period, shewing the Quantities remaining for HomeConsumption.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account Account of Tea delivered from the Ware- of Te*.

houtes, exclusive of private Trade, in the undermentioned Periods, viz. from 1767 to 1777.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account Account of the Quantity of Raw Sugars imported into of Sugar, and exported from England, shewing the Quantity remaining for Ten Y'ears ending at 1779; dit

tingtiishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account Aecount of the total Quantities of all Sorts of Wines of Wine*, imported into and exported from England, shewing the Quantities remaining for Horne Consumption, from Christmas 1773 to Christmas 1780.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from Accoums. the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all British Plantation Tobacco im- Tobacco, ported \v\to England from 1760 to 1780, and the Quantity exported from England in the same Period, shewing the Quantities remaining for Home Consumption: And also,

An Account of Tea delivered from the India Tea.

Warehouses,

Stepney

and Hackney Courts of Record.

2t Geo. III.

Warehouses, exclusive of private Trade, from the 5th July 1767 to 5th July 1777; distinguishing each Year: And nlfo,

An Account of the Quantity of Raw Sugar imported into and exported from England, {hewing the Quantity remaining for Ten Years ending at 1779;

distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Total Quantities of all Sorts of Wines imported into and exported from England, flawing the Quantities remaining for Home Consumption, from Christmas 1773 to Christma 1780.

And then lie withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Sampson Bowles, Merchant, do attend this House upon ThursdayMorning next, to be examined as a Witness, touching the Matters contained in the several Petitions presented to this House upon the 20th Day of November last, relating to the Return of the Sheriffs of the City of Coventry, at the lait General Election.

Ordered, That Thomas Wilson, Silkman, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That John Remington, Silkman, do attend this House, at the same Time,

Ordered, That Edward Hewitt, Merchant, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That John WilJ'on, Silkman, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Thomas Taydo attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That James Banbury, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That John Burgess do attend this House, at

the same Time.

Ordered, That Jacob Godfell do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Benjamin Butterworth do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That William Bright do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Jeremiah I we do attend this House, at the same Time.

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, delivered in to the House One of the Lifts, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining un-struck; to which last mentioned Lift the Names of Sir George Yonge, Baronet, and Lord John Cavendish, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

John Ehces, Esquire, Thomas Orde, Eftshire, George Anson, Esquire, Lord Viscount Maitland, JrancisAnnef-iey, Esquire, John IlarriJ'on, Esquire, William Matter-man, Esquire, JervoiJ'e Clarke Jervoise, Esquire, Francis Fotvnes Luttrell, Esquire, Sir John Thorold, Baronet, William Baker, Esquire, John , Esquire, George

Rodney, Esquire, Sir George Yonge, Baronet, Lord John

Cavendish.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Afsheton Curzan, Esquire, and also of the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others, the Electors of the Borough of Clit hero, in the County of Lancaster, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, withdrew.

Vol. 38.

287

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the First Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 14' die Martii;

Anno 2i* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1781*

Prayers.

A BILL for building a new Church and Rectory Ef^riek.

House, in the Parish of E/crickin the County of new

York; and for making Exchanges of certain Land; Churph* and Hereditaments within the same Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr, Macdonald, Lord John Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, byWay Supply Bill; of Annuities and a Lottery: and for consolidating Lottery, fcc, certain Annuities which were made One Joint Stock by an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, with certain Annuities consolidated by several Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was rqad a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. *

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hoyfe, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Parkyns, Baronet, Lord of Leake the Manor of Great Leake, otherwise East Leake, in the Inclosure. County of Nottingham, and a considerable Proprietor of Estates in the Lordship of Leakeaforesaid, and of several

other Persons, also Proprietors of Lands and other Estates within the same Lordship, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That tj^^etitiopers are informed Application is making to l^Hament, for an Inclosure of the Open Fields within thyroid Manor and Lordship; and that the Petitioners are satisfied such Inclosure will not be productive of any Improvement to their Property, but will draw them into heavy Expences:

And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Coqnfel, against the Bill for such Inclosure, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for dividing and kiclosing the several Open and Common Fields, LammasClofes, M eadows, Paftqres, and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Great Leke, otherwise East Iwke, in the County of Nottingham, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think lit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Petitions the ill Day of this Instant March, for the House to against resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House To- Smuggling, morrow, to consider of the Petition of the Owners of Ships belonging to, and trading from, the Port of

130 — 140 Martii.

Ston«y

Middleton

Inclosure.

Inclosure Bills; Regulations respecting Roads.

288 14 Martii.^.1781.

Sunderland, in the County of Durham, residing on which shall be incurred over and above the Statute Duty,

Shore, might be read. either by Sale of a sufficient Portion of the said Lands, or

And the said Order being read accordingly; by a Rate upon the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. so inclosed, within the said Parish; and for preventing

Rqfolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow any Charge or Burthen being laid on the Inhabitants,

Sevennight, the 2zd Day of this Instant March, resolve not being Owners or Proprietors of Lands, towards itself into the said Committee. the first forming, making, and repairing the said Roads,

other than the Statute Duty, until the same shall, by A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Com- the said Commissioners, or the said Surveyor or Sur-mons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Stoney veyors, be certified before the Justicesat their Quarter Middleton, in the County of Derby, was read a Second Session for the County in which such Parish shall lie.

Time. to be completely formed and made good; which Cer-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hony- tificate the said Commissioners, or the said Surveyor woody Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendi/k, &c.: or Surveyors, shall be obliged to deliver to the said And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Justices within Two Years after the Award, or give Clock, ill the Speaker's Chamber. sufficient Reasons for further Allowance of Time, not exceeding One other Year, under certain Penalties to The House, according to Order, proceeded to take be specified in the said Bills respectively. into further Consideration the Report which was made Ordered, That the said Resolutions be made Standing

from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of Orders of this House.

proper Regulations to be inserted in Bills for inclosing Ordered, That the said Resolutions be printed.

Lands or Commons, with respect to the making and

keeping in Repair the Roads in such Inclosures, and to The House being informed that Mr. Devins, from Account report their Opinion thereupon to the House. the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the of Copper.

And the First Resolution of the Committee being Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to read a Second Time; the House, pursuant to their Order,

Several Amendments were proposed to be made An Account of all Copper exported from the Port of thereto, by inserting after the Word " Commons," the London, from the passing of the Act in the last Session Words " which shall be presented to this House after of Parliament to the last Day of February inclusive.

" this Session of Parliament;" and after the Word And then he withdrew.

"public," and before the Words " Roads on each And the Title of the said Account was read.

" Side," the Word " Carriage," % Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,; severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. The said Account is preferred amongst the other

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com- Papers of this Session.

mittee in the said Resolution so amended. That, in all

Bills for inclosing Lands or Commons, which shall be Sir John Invine presented to the House, pursuant to Berwick presented to this House after this Session of Parliament, their Order, Ele&ioa.

Provision be made for fencing out all the public Car- The Minutes of the Proceedings taken before the riage Roads on each Side from the Lands adjoining, Select Committee, who were appointed to try and de-and for preventing any Gate from being erected across termine the Merits of the Petition of Sir John Palerson, any of the said Roads, or Trees being planted on either of Ecdes, Baronet, complaining of an undue Election Side of the said public Roads nearer to each other than and Return for the County of Berwick. within the Distance of Fifty Yards. And the said Minutes were read.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being And a Motion being made, and the Question being read a Second Time; proposed, That such a Number of Copies of the said

Several Amendments were proposed to be made Minutes, with the Appendix thereunto, be printed, as thereto, by inserting after the Word " Commons," the shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the Words " which shall be presented to this House after House;

" this Session of Parliament:" by leaving out the second And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Word " such," and inserting the Word " the" instead Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday

thereof; by inserting after the Word " public," ihe Word Morning next.

"Carriage;" and after the Word "such," and before Ordered, That the said Minutes do lie upon the the Words " Forming and Repair," the Words " Salary, Table, to be perused by the Members of the I louse.

" and of such;" by leaving out the Word " other," The said Minutes are preservedamongst the other

before the Word "Charge;" by inserting after the Papers of this Session.

Word " Roads," and before the Words " than the

" Statute Duty," the Word "other;" by leaving out Lord Charles Spencer presented to the House, accord- Enfham the Words " on Oath," and inserting the Words " be ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure;

" certified" instead thereof; by leaving out the Words Lands call Ensham Heath and Old Coppice, within the " be declared;" by leaving out the Word, " Oath," Parish of Ensham, in the County of Oxford, and for and inserting the Word "Certificate" instead thereof; setting out Part thereof for a Common Pasture, and and by leaving out the Words " make before," and for regulating the Stint of the said Pasture: And the inserting the Words " deliver to" instead thereof. same was received: and read the First Time.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Eic£tion*-mittee in the said Resolution so amended, That, in all better securing the Freedom of Elections of Members disabling Bills for inclosing Lands or Commons, which shall be to serve in Parliament, by disabling certain Officers em- Revenue; presented to this House after this Session of Parliament, ployed in the Collection or Management of His Ma-Provision be made for empowering and requiring the jesty's Revenues from giving their Votes at such Elec-:

Commissioners named in such Bills, to appoint One or tions; and that Mr. Crave, Lord John Cavendi/k, Sir more Surveyor or Surveyors, with a Salary, for the first George Savile, Mr. Powys, and Mr. Duncombe, do Forming and also putting into good and sufficient Repair, prepare, and bring in,'the fame, the public Carriage Roads; and for defraying the Expence of such Salary, and of such Forming and Repair, Mr. Richard Smithy from the Select Committee, to of Justice'in

whom Bengal.

a i Geo. III. 14° Martit. 289

whom the Petition of John Touchet and John Irvins', ment in Consequence of any Agreement with the Enjl Agents for the British Subjects refid ing in the Pro- India Company concerning the Territorial Possessions in vinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, and their several India.

Dependencies, whose Names are subscribed to the

Petition thereinafter set forth; and also the Petition Sir W presented to the House, according GQ^jfter of WarrenHajlings, Esquire, Governor General, and to Order, a Bill for erecting a new Gaol and House of

of Philif> Francis and Edward Wheler, Esquires, Coun- Correction, and for removing certain Gateways, in the fellors for the Government of the Presidency of Fort City of; and for amending the several Acts William in Bengal, are referred; acquainted the House, passed for the Maintenance and Support of the Poor of That he was directed by the Committee to move the the said City, and lighting, paving, and regulating the House. that the Directors of the East India Company Streets there: And the same was received; and read the do lay before this House, a certain printed Book, called First Time.

" Bengal Narrative, and Appendix." Refu That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And Mr. Richard Smith moved the House accordingly. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Memb-ts

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Com- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon not to pany do lay before this House, a certain printed Book, the Bill for restraining any Person, being a Member of 5^0^65. called " Bengal Narrative, and Appendix." the House of Commons, from being concerned himself,

Mr. Richard Smith also, from the said Select Com- or any Person in Trust for him, in any Contract made mittee. acquainted the House, That he was directed by by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, the the Committee to move the I Ioufe, that the Petition Commissioners of the Navy, the Board of Ordnance, or of the United Company of Merchants of £wg7a«dtrading by any other Person or Persons, for the Public Service, to the East Indies, which was presented to the House unless the said Contract shall be made at a public upon Friday last, be referred to the said Committee. Bidding;

And Mr. Richard Smith moved the House accord- Re/o/wd, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

ingly. night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the said Select Committee. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Means. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Account of the Value of the Exports of Merchandize Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read, and Bullion by the East India Company from England And the said Order being read accordingly; to China and The East Indies, from the Year 1751 to OThat the Account of the Quantities of Prize 1758, inclusive. Sugars which have been warehoused for Exportation

since the Commencement of the present Hoiiilities with Ordered, That there belaid before this House, an Francean&Spain, fating the Quantities which have been Account of the Value of the Exports of Merchandize warehoused in each Year, be referred to the said Com-and Bullion by the East India Company from England mittee.

to China and The East Indies, from the Year 1758 to Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the 1765, inclusive. Quantity of Refined Sugar exported from that Part of Great Britain called England, to Foreign Parts, during Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an the Years 1774, 1775, 1776, 1777, 1778, 1779, and Account of the Value of the Exports of Merchandize 1780, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said and Bullion by the East India Company from England Committee.

to China and The East Indies, from the Year 1765 to Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the j 772, inclusive. Quantity of Sugar imported from the British India

Islands, into that Part of Great Britain called England, in Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an the Years 1774, 1775, 1776, 1777, 1778, 1779, and Account of the Value of the Exports of Merchandize 1780, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said and Bullion by the East India Company from England Committee.

to China and The East Indies, from the Year 177a to Drdered, That the Account of the Amount of the 17 79, inclusive. Quantity of Raw Sugar exported from that Part of Great Britain called England, to Foreign Parts, during Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an the Years 1774, 1775, 1776, 1777, 1778, 1779, and Account of the gross Amount of the Sales at The East 1780, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said India Ilovfe, from 1751 to 1758. Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of To-Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an bacco imported into that Part of Great Britain called Account of the gross Amount of the Sales at The East England, from any of the Islands in the West Indies, from India Ilovfe, from 1758 to 1765. the 5th of January 1780 to the 5th of January 1781,

which is as far as the same can be made up, be referred Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an to the said Committee.

Account of the gross Amount of the Sales at The East Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Prize India Ilovfe, from 1765 to 1772. Sugars which have been warehoused in Scotland for Exportation since the Commencement of the present Holii-Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an lities with and <S]0a/«, stating the Quantities which

Account of the gross Amount of the Sales at The East have been warehoused in each Year, be referred to the India Hovfe, from 1772 to 1779. said Committee.

Ordered, That the Amount of the Quantity of Re-Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an fined Sugar exported from Scotland to Foreign Parts Account of all Duties paid to Government by the East during the Years 1774, 1775. 1776, 1777, 1778, 1779,

//uZ/Vz Company (including the Indemnity on Tea) from and 1780, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the 1751 to 1779. said Committee.

Ordered, That the Amount of the Quantity of Sugar Ordered, That, there be laid before this House, an imported from the British IFejl India Islands into Scot-Account ofall Monies which have been paid to Govern- land, in the Years 1774, 1775, 1776,1777, 1778, *779»

Vol. 3S. 4 E and

Importation of Flax, *c.

Supply.

290 140 — I 50

and 1780, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Amount of the Quantity of Raw Sugar exported from Scotland to Foreign Parts during the Years 1774, 1775, 1776, 1777, 1778, 1779, and

1780, distingpifliing each Year, be referred to the faitl Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Tobacco imported into Scotland from any of the Islands in the West Indies, from the 5th of January 1780 to the 5th of January

1781, being as far as the same can be made up, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Gross Receipt, Payments, and Net Produce, of the Revenue of Customs in England, far Two Years, to 5th January 1781, and the Payments into the Exchequer, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, Excise Malt,

" Sic. Compare of the Grot's Produce of Years ended " 5th July 1779 and 1780," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all British Plantation Tobacco imported into England from 1760 to 1780, and the Quantity exported from England in the same Period, {liewing the Quantities remaining for Home Consumption, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Tea delivered from the East India Warehouses (exclusive of private Trade) from the 5th July 17G7 to 5th July 1777, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Raw Sugar imported into and exported from England, {hewing the Quantity remaining for Ten Years ending at Christmas 1779, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Total Quantities of all Sorts of Wines imported into and exported from England, {hewing the Quantities remaining for Home Consumption, from Christmas 1.773 to Christmas 1780, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ordtook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole lloufe, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 1 Ioufe, upon the Bill to permit the Importation of Flax and Flax Seed into this Kingdom, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, navigated with Foreign Mariners, during the present Holiilities.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma-

j'f'y.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Teu of the Clock. *

Martii. A. 1781.

Jo-vis,150 die Martii;

Anno 210 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for appointing Commissioners for Lanj -raT putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Coanuinimuu.: Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to " His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty,

" by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Eighty-one."

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Lifter Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, Warwick, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present &c. Majesty, intituled " An Act for amending, widening, Roa<k*

" and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, lying in the Counties of and

" wick, and in the County of the City of Coventry " without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, entituled, An Drachma Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of Bridge

an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of ^oad‘-

his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to repairing and widening the Roads from Bridge,

through Greenlaw and Part of the Jedburgh Road, by Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to in the County of Durham-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wefion on for repairing and widening the Road from a certain the Green Gate on the Turnpike Road, at or near the South Road-End of the Town of Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road on Kidlinglon , in the said County; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lord Westcote reported from the Committee, to st0Ur{, Hd<»e whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names Road.* are thereunto subscribed, being the acting Commissioners named and authorized in and by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, and widening, the " Road from the Market House in Stourbridge to Colly " Gate in Cradley, and from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and " from Colly Gate to Halefowett, and from the Turupike Road on Dudley Wood to Rednal Green, in the " Parish of King's Norton, and from Carter's to The

" Bell Inn at Nor/hfield, in the Counties of Worcester,

" Stafford, and Salop," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Humphrey Lyttleton being examined, said. That the Trustees for the District calle4 The Bromejgrove 24 Road,

*i

u

2i. Geo. III. 15 Marti291

Road, have regularly put the said Act in Execution with respect ro the said District, being the Rond from the Bromesgrove Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood to Rednal Green, and from Carter s Lane to The Bell Inn at Arorlh field, in the said Counties of Worcester, Stafford* and Salop — That a considerable Progress hath been made in amending the said before-described Roads; in doing which the Tolls, and a large Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly applied — That the Debt so contracted cannot be discharged, and the said Roads be completely amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act, as far as relate to them, be continued and enlarged, and some Addition of Toll be granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Market House in Stourbridge to Colli/ Gate in Cradley, and from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and from Colly Gate to Halefozcen, and from the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood to Rednal Green, in the Parish of KingsNorton, and from Carter's Lane to The Bell Inn at North field, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, as relates to the'Road from Dudley Wood to Rednal Green, and from Carter's Lane to The Bell Inn at Norlhfield: And that the Lord Westcote and Mr. Jervoise do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Newland, from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Lift of the Persons who subserihedto the Loan of JC. 12^000,000, made in this Session of Parliament, spe-cifying the Sums subscribed for by eacte Person.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Southmolton Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom the

Roads; Report was re-committed, which was made from the Conduflof Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees ap-Mi.Slur land. p0jntec| to carry into Execution several Acts for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of Southmolton, in the County of Devon; and also the Petition 0 (John Sharland, of Southmolton, in the County of Devon, Gentleman, were severally referred; That the j Committee had examined, and found that the Standing

Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said

first mentioned Petition, and had heard Counsel in Support thereof; and had also heard Counsel in Be-

j half of the said John Sharland-, and that the Committee had directed him to report the Matter of the said first mentioned Petition, as it appeared to them,

| together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same ' was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said first mentioned Petition, Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-iecond Y'ear of I George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads 1 leading from Southmolton, in the County of Devon, were read; and the Book of Proceedings of the said Trustees was produced, whereby it appeared, that on the 27th i Day of August 1778, an Order had been made by the Trustees then present, for an Application to Parliament,

to continue the said Act of the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty: Which Order is in the following ' Words; viz.

I " Ordered, That an Application shall be made to " Parliament for the Renewal of the Turnpike Act, and

„ " that proper Notice shall be inserted in the News-pa-| " pers, agreeable to the Resolution of the House of " Commons, lately made for that Purpose."

L V°L. 38.

Mr. Joshua Bryan, one of the Trustees under the said Acts, being examined, said, That after the said Order was made, and the Petition signed, but before it was presented, he remembered some Conversation parting with Mr. Sharland, at aTurnpike Meeting, held to consider whether any Alterations should be made by the Act that was to pass — The Trustees had been talking about Alterations, and had come to a Resolution not to have any, because they thought they might be expensive — That he could not recollect that they had any other Reason — They had talked of exempting Lime from the Payment of Toll, but thej' thought they could not do it without the Conient of the Creditors — That, neverrhe-less, it rtiould he the first Thing to be exempted; in which all the Trustees present agreed.

And being asked. Whether she Trustees had, previous to the passing of the last Act, made an Order that Soap Allies should pass Toll-free? he said, he did not know it till lately — That the Expence the Trustees apprehended, and which he mentioned before, they supposed would arise from Fees paid at the Houses of Parliament on the Palling of the Act; and that this was the only Objection he heard mentioned — That he had attended as a Trustee since the last Act was passed — That he had heard there was a Clause in it for certain Exemptions — That he had heard several Trustees say, at the first Meeting held after the last Act passed, "that they did not approve of the said exempting Clause — That this meeting was near a Twelvemonth after the Parting of the Act — That Mr. Bawden was one of the Trustees present at that Meeting, and objected to the laidCIause, as did Mr. Karjlahe, and others.

And being asked, How it happened that no Entry was made in the Books of the Trustees, of the Matters that parted at the said Meeting ? he said, He did not know — That the Trustees generally sign the Book, at their Meetings, before they go away — That, except in One Instance, he never knew it otherwise — That at the Time Mr. Bawden expressed his Objection to the said Clause, he said he had seen it in London, while the Bill was depending — That he had taken out the Word Lime, because that would have made a great Deficiency in the Toll; and that he had not seen the Bill till the Morning before he came out of Town — He also mentioned Fern, but said lie was in a Hurry at the Time arid had applied only for Lime — That lie suspected the Clause had been inserted by a Clerk of the House, in order to increase the Fees — That this Conversation parted either the Night he came Horne to Southmolton, or the next Morning; and that soon afterwards he cx-prelfed his Displeasure of Mr. Sharland — That when M r. Bawden mentioned in the Country his Objection to Fern and Soap Materials being in the exempting Clause, he did not lay he had made the like Objections while he was in Town — That he did not do it till after he had seen the Act — -That by the Conversation above-mentioned, he was led to suppose that Mr. Bawden had examined the Bill while lie was in Town — That lie had thought it was a Clause inserted to exempt all Kinds of Manure from Toll — That Mr. Bawden objected many Times in the Country to ti e exempting any other Article but Lime, as being contrary to the Directions of the Trustees, and tending to diminish the Tolls.

And being asked, Whether, at the Meeting held for the special Purpose of considering the Application to Parliament, it would not have been right for the Trustees to order their Clerk to enter their Proceedings ? he said, it would — That Mr. Bawden and Mr. Ekvorfhy were present at the Meeting when it was agreed to have the Act continued, without any Alteration; and that no one dirtented. — Arid being asked. Why the Trustees did not apply to have the Act altered in the next Section ? he said, It was because there was not any Meeting of the Trustees — That the Petition now before the House was not signed at a Meeting — that no public Notice had been given to the Trustees to meet and consider of Mr. Sharland's Behaviour; and that no Imitation was given

him.

ipi

15° Mar til.

A. 1781.

Southmolton him, that he should be diTmillccl from his OtTice of Clerk Rc^d*‘» to the Trust, previous to its being done — That at the Mr°SJ*adand. Meeting at which he was dismissed, Mr. Skarland, 011 a Dispute arising, said he did not intend to act as Clerk any more, hut that he would have his Salary to the End of the Year.; and that this was the ft.rft Instance the Witness had known of an Officer under the Trust being guilty of any Miftehaviour.

Your Committee then read an Order of the Trustees, dated the-24th o{'January 1780, directing Application to be made to Parliament in the next Seftion, ibrnn Act to repeat the Clause of Exemption in the last Act. — And the Witness being aiked, Whether the Petition, drawn in Covdequence of that Order, had been lljewn to the Trustees who made it? lie fair]. It had not at any Meeting when he was present; but that, as an Individual, it had been shewn to him by the then Clerk. — And being aiked, Whet her, since the Puffing of the Act, any of the Creditors had complained of (heir Securities being injured by it? he salt I, lie had never heard of more than One, who declared he would not leave his Money under inch an Act — That this was Mr. Lucy, an Attorney at Southmolton.

\ our Committee then called Mr. George Sharland; who being examined, said. That he had seen the Bill in cpieiiiun after it was printed, and before any Alterations had been made in it at the Request of Mr. Bawden — That it then contained Words exempting Lime from the Payment of Toll; but that his Instructions from his Father, the then Clerk to the Trustees, were to except Lime out of the exempting Clause — He did not do it, bcciiufc he had been told byr a Member of the House that it was nnnecelVary, it having beendetermined lately in a Court of Law, that Lime was not to be considered as Manure — That he could not recollect whether, during the Conversation he afterwards bad with Mr. Bazv-den, respecting Lime, he mentioned the above Circumstance to him — -That he saw'Mr. Baicion at his Chambers', when, on pointing out his Objections to the Bill, lie observed. that Lime, Soap A flies, and Afnes to be made into Soap, fiiyuld be left out of the exempting Clause; and that the Witness's Father had been ordered by the Trustees not to insert that Clause — That the Witness then told him, it would not be attended with any additional Expence *, to which Mr. Bawden replied, It was very well; but that he would have Lime excepted with the other Articles — That on his signifying to the Witness, that he had not till then seen any Copy of the Bill, he told him some had been lent to his Father, Two or Three Posts before, for the Use of the Trustees.

Bein aiked, Whether his Father has any Fern growing near the Road ? he said, That he himself had an Fflate in tiic Neighbourhood, on which there is Fern — That the Eilate was bought by and conveyed to his Father — Thar.it is in Uevertion, and that the present Pof-lessor had a Term of Eleven or Twelve Years to come in it.--And being aiked. Whether the exempting of Fern would be of general Benefit to the Neighbourhood? he said. That, except upon his Estate, Fern was not plenty near Southmolton — That it is not much used there, either for Manure or Soap, but was excepted as an Article of Manure; and that Soap Allies Was in- for ted in the exempting Clause by Mr. Bowden.

Being aiked, \\ nether he knew, that in Fast his Fa^ ther had exempted Fern, from Payment of Toll, before it was put into the new Act as an Object of Exemption ? lie said, That when he went into the Country, in February i welvemonth, his Father told him, that he was sorry that one of his Servants had carried Fern through the Gate without paying Toll — That it was done without: his Knowledge — That he had ordered the Toll, v hich ought lo have b«-en paid, to be tendered to the C'olle<'«or — That the Fern in Question was given to his Father by a Person living about a Mile from Southmol-ton, from vhofe Premilles it was brought. — Being aiked, W ta tlwr, m hisCuiiverfatimi \vi*!i Mr. Bawden, respect-

, ing the Bill, any Thing had been said concerning Fern ? he said, There had not — That Mr. Bawden said he had considered the Bill — That he neither objected at that Time to the Article Fern being in the Exemption Clause, nor made any Observation on it — That when be was with Mr. Bawden, at the House of the Agent for the Bill, he, Mr. Bawden, altered the Bill in Three Places; and that on being aiked. Whether it was agreeable to his Willies in every other Respect? he replied. It was perfectly right, or Words to that Efteft; and that he did not say any Thing about its being contrary to the Orders of the Trustees, that any Alteration should be made in the Old Act — That the Bill was delivered in that State to the Member who was to move for the Amendments in the House; after which the Witness never saw it. — And being aiked, What were the Words Mr. Bawden had directed to be itruck out at this Meeting? he fairl, They were " or to be made into Allies C£ for making Soap and that he did not know how it happened that they were not left out.

Mr. George Stawell, One of the acting Trustees, being then examined, said, That it was the Sense of the Trustees at a Meeting, that the Term oft he Act should be renewed without any Alteration — That he had beer:, he believed, present during the whole Time of that Meeting — That Alterations had been talked of; but it being laid, that the making any would be productive of additional Expence in passing the Act, it was rclbived not to have any; and that he did not know of any other Reason being given — That at a Meeting of the Trustees, not long ago, after the Bu ft no is was done, Mr. Vongt\ the then Clerk, produced a Parchment, and aiked the Witness as he was going away, Whether ho would not. Hay and figti the Petition ? that he replied, lie lhouM not. (lay — That lie did not know the Petition had been Drown to the Trustees before — That he apprehended it might be for the Repeal of the Clause — That there might be Five or Six.People in the Room — That lie did not sign it, because he had never been consulted on it; but that it is ligned by some of the Trustees who were then present — That be hud ligned the Order in the Book for a Repeal of the Clause, of Exemption, because lie thought the Word Fodder so extensive, that it would injure the Tolls — That he did not then think there was any Intention to criminate Mr. Sharland — That it had been agreed to take CounfcEs Opinion, respecting the Meaning of the Word Fodder — That after the same was returned, it was read to him and some others; and that it was not then said that the same was not fairly stated — That at the Meeting of the Trustees, when it was resolved to apply for a Repeal of the Clause, there was some Dispute between Mr. Bawden and Mr. Sharland.

Being aiked. Whether it is the general Opinion of the Trustees to present the Petition against Mr. Sharland? he said, He knew some who have said not — some wouldnot joinin it — bedid not know how many — That he should not have thought of doing it, as he apprehended that Mr. Sharland did not do what he had done with a bad Intention — That he had heard Mr. Elworthy, one of the Trustees say, that he thought this a malicious Pro-feention against Mr. Sharland, but that he blamed Mr. Sharland for acting as he had done, if it was of himself, it being contrary to the Order of the Trustees at a Meeting — That Mr. Bawden and Mr. KarfiakcUnYe generally taken, leading Parts as Trustees: and that the former is particularly attended to by the rest — That the First Time he heard any Objections to the Clause of Exemptions, was the Spring of the Year in which the Act passed, at which Time Mr. Sharland gave him a Copy of it — That he had heard of Mr. Bawden's being in Town while the Act was depending, and he believed on his own private Affairs, not deputed by the Trustees.

An Order,-made by the said Trustees on the 21st of March 1780, was then read from their Book of Proceedings; whereby it appeared, That the Trustees, apprehending the Order by them made on the 24th of January

preceding,

21 Geo. III. i y Martii. 203

preceding, directing an Application to Parliament for a Repeal of the exempting Clause in the last A cl, was, on account of some Defect in giving the Notice of that Meeting on all the Turnpike Gates, invalid, they then ordered such Application to be made — It further appeared, that the Defeat in the Notice was dated to be, that a Copy of it had been affixed on the Chawleigh Gate Nine Days, inilead of Ten, previous to the Day of such Meeting.

Mr. Joseph Frezcin, Gatekeeper at the East Gate near the Town of Souihnwllon, being then examined, said, That, Ten Days before the Meeting of the 24th of January 1 j 80, he received Three Copies of a Notice of such Meeting, to be affixed on tlieTurnpike Gates from Mr. Sharland's Clerk — That, on his afkingabout the Fourth Copy, the Clerk said Three were enough — That he then fixed those Three on the Turnpike Gates near Souihnwllon — That as he returned, he met Mr. Sharland, who, on his telling him he had had from his Clerk only Three Copies of the Notice, said, You shouki have had Four — That he directed the Witness to go to his House for another Copy of the Notice — That on his going accordingly, lie found that Mr. Sharland's Clerk was not at Home — That the next Day he had the Fourth Copy font to him, to be put up at the Chaivleigh Gate — Thai, this Gate is more than Nine Miles from SouLhmollon — That, he did not fee Mr. Sharland afterwards on that Day — That he sent the last mentioned Notice to another Toll-gatherer, to be sent to the Chawleigh Gate, but did not fee it put up himself — That lie had been Gatekeeper aimed Twenty Years — That, about Three Years ago, some Fern was carried through the Gate under his Care, belonging to Mr. Sharland, for which he had not demanded any To!!, because the Servant who was with it told him there was not any Toll to be paid — That, Jbon after the Fern had puffed, he saw Mr. Sharland, who also told him that no l oll was to be paid for it — That he does not remember any Fern passing but Mr. Sharland's, who had had some several Times — That the lad was within the Two lull Years — That he nfed to fend Ins Team about Three Times a Day, and laid the Fern down in the Highway to make Dung — That his Team 11 fed to go about Three or Four Days in the Year — That the lad Fern Mr. Sharland had carried through the Gate, was after the lad Act passed — That it was carried in a Cart with Two Horses, the Toll on which would have been Six Pence, it being payable only Once a Day.

Being asked, How much the Turnpike had loftper Annum, on an Average of the last Three Years by Fern being permitted to pals Toll-free ? he said. Five or Six Shillings in the v\hole Three Years — lhat Toll had always been paid for Hearth Allies — That for Six or Seven Years pad Toll has not been taken for Soap Ashes, it having been deemed Manure, which never used to pay Toll — That he never heard of Mr. Sharland's tiling the Fern he brought for the making of Soap, but saw it thrown down for Dung — That Toll was always paid under the old Act for the Faffing of Lime — That fiuce the Fading of the lad Act, Allies of all Kinds have puffed Toll-free — That till then, Three or Four Pounds a Year may have been paid for Hearth Allies, no others passing.

William Dunn, Toil-gatherer at the South Gate, being then examined, said, That at his Gate the Tolls are diminithed Twenty-seven or Twenty-eight Shillings a Year. And being asked, he said, That there are not so many Pod Cimiles travel that Road as used to do.

When the Counsel in Support of the Petition of the said Trustees had gone through all the Evidence he thought proper to produce, in order to prove the Allegations of their Petition, the Counsel for the said Mr. John Sharland submitted toyour Committee, whether as it did not appear to him that any Evidence had been

Vol. ;>8.

produced before them, which in any Manner criminated his Client, they thought it necessary that lie should offer any thing, or produce any Evidence in his Justification. — And thereupon the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw. — And being again called in* the Counsel for Mr. John Sharland. was informed by your Committee, that it was their unanimous Opinion, that it appeared to them by no Means necessary for him to offer any Thing, oi*produce any Evidence in Justi-(ication of his Client.

Upon the whole Matter, your Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it does not appear to this Committee, that the Repeal of the exempting Clause, prayed in the said Petition, is in the least Degree necessary.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Evidence hath been brought, which makes out the Charge alleged in the Petition of t he said Trustees, presented to this House on the 17th' Day of November bill, against the said John Sharland, their late Clerk.

Resolved, That it. doth not appear to this Committee, thst the said John Sharland, hath in any wise abused the Confidence the said Trustees had reposed in him, or imposed upon this House, as is alleged in their Petition, or that he attempted so to do; or that either the said John Sharland, or any other Person employed by him, or concerned in soliciting the said Act, was guilty of any Misconduct relative to that Business.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee that while the said Act wasdepending in this House, the Reverend Richard Bowden, Clerk, one of the Pet itioners, pernfed the Clause complained of in the said Petition; and, upon being informed that it would not be attended with any additional Expence, corrected and altered the same with his own Hand, and then expressed himself perfectly satisfied therewith.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petition of the said Trustees, which was presented to this House on the 17th Day of November last* is frivolous, vexatious, and highly injurious to the said John Sharland.

Resolved, that it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Richard Bawden hath been the Contriver,-Promoter, and Prosecutor of the said Petition; and that hisConduft in so doing hath been scandalous and Malicious.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Lift of the Persons who subscribed to the Loan of £, 12,000,000, made in this Session of Parliament, specifying the Sums subscribed for by each Person, be printed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } *7-

Tellers for the Noes, j GQ^J°1>Cr' j 44.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Lord Charles Spencer prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Nint h and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majest v King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads t herein described, so far as the same relate to the Road from 4 F Henley

South molton Hoads; Conduct of Mr. Sharlaml.

Lift of Subscribers to Loan.

Henley Bridge to the M deft one Roads.

294 15 MarA:. 17 Si1.

Henley Bridge in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Cul/iam Bridge, and to a Place called Milejione, in the Road leading to Bridge, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities and a Lottery; and for consolidating certain Annuities, which were made One Joint Stock by an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty', with certain Annuities consolidated by several Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-mentsthereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

W*ys and Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Mean*. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred toconlider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and arc as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty or Charge of Five Pounds per Centum be laid upon the Produce and Amount of the several Duties and Revenues under the Management of the respective Commissioners of Excise in Britain (except on the Produce of the Duties on Malt, Beer, Soap, Candles, and Leather) the said additional Duty of Five Pounds per Centum to be charged, collected, paid, and drawn back, under the same Rules and Regulations, and in the same Manner and Form,

as the present Duties of Excise are now charged, collected, paid, and drawn back.

Refplved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Discounts or Abatements (which, by virtue of the seventeenth Rule annexed to the Book of Rates, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, or of any other Act of Parliament, are made in the Computation of the Subsidies, Impost?, and other Duties of Customs in Great Britain, or for Prompt Payment) shall cease, determine, and be no longer made or allowed out of the said Duties on Entries, except the Allowances to the Company,

for Charges of Sale and Prompt Payment, provided that the Duties on Unrated East India Goods, sold at their Sales, be paid within Three Months from the Termination of each Sale respectively; that is to say, that the Duties on the March Sale shall be paid on or before the First Day of December following, and the Duties on the September Sale on or before the First Day of June following such Sales; and except the usual Discount on Bonds for Tobacco warehoused, for the Time they have to run when they are paid off before they are due; and except the usual Allowances for Leakage on Wine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Five Pounds per Centum additional Duty, or impost, granted by an Act of the Nineteenth of His

»5

present Majesty, or by any subsequent Act, shall b'b1 laid,' computed, and received, upon the Gross Duties which ilia.Il accrue, and become due and payable, when such Discounts or Abatements shall cease, determine, and be no longer allowed or made.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much of the several Acts of Parliament as relate to the Importer giving Bond, with One or more Securities, for the Duties on Tobacco, be repealed; and that, when the Duties on Tobacco are paid down at the Time of Entry, the Impost of Five Pounds per Centum, granted by an Act of the Nineteenth of His present Majesty, shall not be collected on such Duties io paid down; but if the Tobacco shall be warehoused, and Bond given for the Duties, pursuant to an Act of the Twelfth of Queen Anne, or any other Act of Parliament, then there shall be taken Ten Pounds per Centum instead of Five Pounds per Centum for the Impost, granted by the said Act of the Nineteenth of His present Majesty, on the Gross Duties.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,.

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of One Penny and Three Farthings per Pound Weight be laid upon all Tobacco imported into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Four Shillings and Eight Pence per Hundred Weight, containing One hundred and Twelve Pounds, be laid upon all Sugars imported into Great Britain, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the said additional Duties shall be subject and liable to the Payment of the Duty or Charge of Five Pounds per Centum laid upon the Produce and Amount of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise, by an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Ord, the Lord North, the Lord Wejicole, the Lord Sir

Richard Sutton, Mr. Buller, Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Solicitor General, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. John Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the At- Coventry tendance of Mr. Thomas Noxon and M r. Thomas Butler, Election,

late Sheriffs of the City of Coventry, and for taking into further Consideration the several Petitions presented to this House upon the 20th Day of November last, relating to the Return made by the said Sheriffs at the last General Election;

The said Sheriffs, and the Counsel for Lord Sheffield and Mr. Roe Yeo, and for the several Freemen of the City of Coventry, who have petitioned this House, cont-plaining of the Conduct of the said Sheriffs, were called in.

And the Sheriffs acquainted the House, That the Couufei they had applied to had not had Time to prepare himself to undertake their Defence.

Then One of the Counsel for Lord Sheffield and Mr.

Roe Yeo, and for the several Freemen of the City of Coventry, who have petitioned this House, complaining of the Conduct of the said Sheriffs, summed up their Evidence.

And the Sheriffs being asked, by Mr. Speaker, What they had to say in Justification of their not having made any Return of Members to serve in Parliament, at the last General Election, and in Answer to the Matters charged against them in the Petitions of Lord Sheffield

J

2r Geo. III. 15* — 1 6° Mdrtii.295

and Mr. Roe Too, and of the several Freemen of the City of Coventry, who have petitioned this House, complaining of their Condufl ?

The said Sheriffs were heard; and, having desired that their Under Sheriff, who attended as their Ag$nt, might examine the Witnesses who had been ordered to attend this House on their Behalf;

The said Agent was called in; and, at the Bar, examined the several Witnesses who were attending, in Justification of the Conduct of the said Sheriffs.

And the said Agent, having submitted to the House, that the said Sheriffs had still several other Witnesses, but that they were now at Cove, and that they there-

fore desired further Time, in order to have an Opportunity to summon the said Witnesses;

The said Sheriffs and their Agent, and the said Counsel, were directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the further Attendance of the said Sheriffs, and the further Consideration of the several Petitions relating to the Return made by them for the City of Coventry, at the last General Election, be adjourned till this Day Sevennight;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Sheriffs and their Agent, and the said Counsel, were again called in.

And the Sheriffs having acquainted the House, that they had not any other Witnesses ready to produce;

The laid- Sheriffs and their Agent, and the said Counsel, were again directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that, at the last; General Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of Coventry/, Thomas and Thomas Butler, the Sheriffs, who were the Returning Officers at the said Election, were not prevented, by Riots or otherwise from making a Return of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City.

Resolved, Nemine ContradicenteThat the said Tho-

mas Noxon and Thomas Butle, late Sheriffs of the said City of Coventry, not having made any Return of Members to serve in Parliament, at the last General Election, for the said City, are thereby guilty of a high Violation of the Law, and a gross Breach of the Privileges of this, House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Thomas. Noxon and Thomas Butler be, for their said Offence, committed to His Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " His Majesty's Gaol of Newgate,'' and inserting the Words "the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this " House," inliead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words " His Majesty's Gaol of N," (land Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Thomas Noxon and Thomas Butler be, for their said Offence, committed to His Majesty's Gaol of Newgate; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V1enerts, 16° die Martii;

Anno 21° Georgii III"* Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration Edinburgh the Petition of Sir Lawrence Dundas, Baronet; Electioa. and also the Petition of the Right honourable the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, of the City of Edinburgh; and also the Petition of several Electors for the City of Edinburgh, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Se-led Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members, on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Thirty Members being found to be present

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar:

And the Door of the House being locked $

The Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, takeu out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Name of William Pulteney, Esquire, being drawn he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Thirty-five other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Honourable Charles James Fox being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioners, and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Fourteen other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Eighteen other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House;

Three, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; Six, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; One, on Account of his being a Petitioner to this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return.; Five, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees; and Three, on Account of their having already in this Session of Parliament served on Soled. Committees

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so ' drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete, Lists of the said Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Vo*.. 38.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities and

Supply Bill; Lottery, Arc.

Adur

Bridge

at

Shorefaam.

Kent Street to Dartfonl,

See. Roads.

2.96 1 6°Martii. - , _; 178.1.

and a Lottery; and for consolidating certain Annuities which Mere made One Joint Stock, by an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, with certain Annuities consolidated by several Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of I lis present Majesty, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, u'ere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge over the River Adur, at or near Shoreham, in the County of , was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments Mere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, M'ere agreed to by the House.

A Clause uras offered to be added to the Bill, for ascertaining the Tolls of the Ferry, if the Bridge should become impassable.

And the said Clause u^as Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons M'hose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing near, or frequently travelling, the Road from Foot's Cray Bridge, through FAtham, to the North End df Burnt Ash Lane, in the Parish of Lee, in the County of Kent, being the nearest ' and direct Road from London to the County

Town-, was presented to the House, and read. Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for more effectually repairing several Roads leading from The Stone's End in Kent Street, in the Parish of Sai George, Southwark, to Dartford; and from The Stone's End in Bermondsey Street to the Turnpike near Thomas a Waterings, in the said Parish of Saint George; and from the Turn pike Road near Deptford Bridge, to The in

l/mdon Street, in the Parish of Greenwich, and 'other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey; and alleging, that the said Road from

Foot's Cray Bridge, through to the North End

of Burnt Ash Lane, in the Parish of Lee, in the County of Kent, which forms thedireft Communication between

London and Maiddone, is not included in any Turnpike

Act, and is much out of Repair, in some Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be properly amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Laws in being; and that it would be a great Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of public Utility, if the said Piece of Road was to be included in the said Bill: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for the abovementioned Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Filmer Honeywood, Mr.

Marsham, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that the Gaol of Newgate, to which Thomas Noxon and Thomas Butler, late Sheriffs of the City of Coventry, were last Night committed by Order of this House, not being yet repaired, was found to be, at present, an improper Place for the further Confinement of the said Prisoners;

And a Motion being ma le, and the Question being proposed, That the said Thomas Noxon and Thomas Butler be discharged from their Confinement in His Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, and (land committed, for their Offence, to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly;

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Ptefence ;together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned Lift, the Names of William Pulteney, Esquire, and the Honourable Charles

James For, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Edward Morant, Esquire, Sir William Lemon, Baro-

net, Sir Robert SaluJkujy Cotton, Baronet, Sir Hartford 11 arbord. Baronet, James Phipps, Esquire, Frederick Montagu, Esquire, the honourable George North, Sir Horatio Mann, Edward Mens Ef-

quire, William Drake, Junior, Esquire, Clement Tud-zcay, Esquire, Bichard Payne Knight, Esquire, John Darker, Esquire, William Pulteney, Esquire, the Honourable Charles James Fox.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Sir Lawrence Dundas, Baronet; and also the Petition of the Right honourable the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, of the City of Edinburgh; and also the Petition of several Electors for the City of Edinburgh, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Third Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

1

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 2d Day of April 1751, of the Proceedings of the House, in relation to Mr. Murray, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House M'as also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 12th Day of February 1771, of the Proceedings of the House, in relation to Hugh Roberts, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Thomas No von and Thomas Butler be discharged from their Confinement in His Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, and Hand committed, for their Offence, to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Sir Herbert Mackworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Smith, Doctor of Physic, was referred; That the Committee had further examined the Matter of the said Petition , and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the

Report

Coventry

Election.

Ediobnrgk

Ele&ioa.

Coventry

Electivn.

Dr. Wm Smith's Attendant on the Sic of London Gaois.

J

21 Geo. III. i 6° Martii297

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Dr. Smith produced to your Committee, a Copy of a Resolution made at a Committee, called The Charity, dated the 25th March 1776, and sent to him by Sir Charles Whitworth, Chairman of the said Committee, desiring him to visit the Sick in the respective Gaols and Prisons of London, , and tvark, in order to administer proper Relief; for which a Sum of Money was appropriated by the said Charity: Which Copy was proved to be in the Hand Writing of Sir Charles Whitworth, and was directed to the Keepers of the several Gaols, Sic. in the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark.

YourC'ommittee then examined John Summerville, a Coach Maker, William Read, a Surveyor, John a Miller, John Andretvs, a Coach Mailer, and Brackell, a Taylor, who had been confined for Debt in the Fleet Prison; — George. Haa Taylor, and

James Coicperthwaite, a Merchant, who had been con-

fined for Debt in the Poultry Compter; — John Parker, a Silk Weaver, Jnjiah Blaekham, a Lieutenant on Half Pay, William Foon, a Leather DrciT'er, and John Ilervey, a Butcher, who . had been confined for Debt in the Borough Compter*; — William Augustus Willis, Doctor of Physic, and Stephen Piper, a Linen Draper, who had been confined for Debt in the — John

Broivn, a Jeweller and Stock Broker, and Joseph Pinckny, a Baker, who had been confined for Debt in —

William Fergujim, a Mariner, and a Cord-

wainer, who had been confined for Debt in the King's Bench: — together with Sampson Mockett, lateKeeper of the Poultry Compter, Thomas Grove, T urnkeyand Cham-

berlain of the Fleet, Daniel Brown, Turnkey to the Poultry Compter, Joshua Murray, a Meifengerto the Poultry Compter, John Newma Keeper of Ludgate, and Jeremiah Severs, Keeper of the Borough Compter: — by whole Evidence it appeared, That Dr. Smith, and an Apothecary appointed by him, had frequently attended the said Prisons, at ditferentTimes, from March 1776 till March 1780, and administered Relief to the Sick Prisoners; — That Dr. Smith sometimes attended Two or Three Times in a Day, and had seldom been a Day absent, at some of the Prisons, for several Months together; — That great Numbers were relieved by his Assistance, and supplied with Medicines from his Apothecary, by his Orders, without paying any Thing for them, which it appeared had been given in great Quantities, and whenever the Prisoners sent for them; — That he left Directions at all the Prisons, to be sent for whenever his A Alliance was wanted, and always attended, or sent Medicines, when applied to; — That none of the aforesaid Gaols, except t he Marshalsea, had, during that Time, any Medical Assistance, and there an Apothecary only attended; — That Dr. Smith had treated the Patients with great Tenderness and Humanity, giving pecuniary Assistance to many, as well as Medicines; and it was the Opinion of the Witnesses, that he had been the Means of saving the Lives of many People, who must have died but for his Assistance: — That several, in great Danger, had been cured under his Directions; and that Surgeons occasionally attended in consequence of his Orders, and at his Expence.

Then a Letter was produced, and proved to be the Hand Writing of J. Stracey, deceased, late Deputy Keeper of Ludgate, and sent to Dr. Smith — a Copy of which Letter is as follows;

"Sir,

" The bad State of Health I am at present in, renders me incapable of waiting upon you personally;

" and finding it necessary to be known, whether yon " attended this Prison, and ordered proper Medicines, Vot. 38.

" Sic. permit me to acquaint yon, that I do hereby " acknowledge that you attended, these Four \ ears " pall, whenever sent for; that the Medicines always " came, agreeable to your Directions, to the Prisoners " in general; and that both Self and Family received " your Advice and Medicines; — this I will authenticate to any Person whatever, as well as that all Persons here were attended with the greatest Tenderness " and Care. t

" I am. Sir,

* Ludgate, " Your obliged and

" April ;o, 1780. " obedient humble Servant,

" J. Stracey.'*

" Dr. Win. Smith."

Then Mr. John Cofens was examined; who said, He had attended the several Prisons before-mentioned as Apothecary, at the Request and under the Directions of Dr. Smith, from the Month of March 1776 till the Year 1780, and at different Times gave ana sent Medicines to the fiek Prisoners; — That lie regularly made a Report to Dr. Smith, of the State of the Health of the Prisoners, and kept regular Accounts of Medicines delivered, which were always examined by the Doctor.

And he produced to your Committee his Book of Accounts; by which it appeared, that from the 6th of April 1776 to the 14th of April 177q, the Charges for Medicines delivered to Sick Prisoners, at the different Prisons during that Period, amounted to £.521. 1 is.yd.

And being further examined, he said, That his Charges for Medicines delivered to Prisoners, were in general the same that he made to other People; but that he had made no.Charge for a very long and constant Attendance, which was of great Prejudice to his other Business; — That being employed by Dr. Smith, he considered him as answerable for the Payment; — That he has only received 50, paid by Sir Charles Whitworth from a Committee at Westminster, which Sum is to bededuCled from the before-mentioned Account; — That since that Account was made up, he had delivered Medicines, under the Prescriptions of Dr. Smith, to Sick Prisoners, to the Amount of near C-io.

And Dr. Smith informed your Committee, That he considered himself obliged, under the Directions he received from Sir Charles Whitworth, to examine, as far as lay in his Power, the State, Condition, and Management, of the several Gaols he attended; and did with great Labour, and at a considerable Expence, compile several Pamphlets, with such Observations and Remarks as he thought might tend not only to set "forth the true State and Condition of such Gaols, but also to point out such Alterations and Amendments as he apprehended might in some Degree improve the general Police relative to Prisons and Prisoners: And, as a Proof of the Truth of this Assertion, he produced the following printed Pamphlets:

" State of the Gaols in London, Westminster, and " Borough of Southwark."

" Observations on the Laws relative to Debtors " and Felons."

" Considerations on the Laws between Debtors " and Creditors."

" Observations on the Bill depending in Parliament for the Relief of Debtors,

" A Short View of the Modern Practice of " Physic."

And then called

Mr. Grove Taylor; who being examined, said, He was Clerk to Sir Charles Whitworth from January 1777 till his Death in AuguJliyjS -, — That he recollected very frequently, during that Time, seeing Dr. with

Sir Charles, relating to the Business of Gaol*; at which

4 G Times

Dr. W. Smith'* Actendtr.cc on the Sick of London Gaols*

Dr. W. Smith's Attendance on the Sick of London Gaols.

Eleflions; disabling Revenue Officers from voting.

Honiton

Eletfioo.

298 16° Martii.A. 1781*

Times he generally made a Report of the State of the different Gaols he had attended, the Number of People confined, their Health, and the Police of the Prison; — That he iias know n the Doctor attend Sir Charles Two or Three Times in a Week; and he, the Witness, was frequently Cent from Sir Charles to the Doctor with Papers relative to that Business; — That in consequence of the Reports made by Dr. Smith, Sir Charles Whitworth drew out the Heads of a Bill proposed to be brought into Parliament, in consequence of an Order of the House for that Purpose, and very frequently consulted with the Doctor upon that Business; — That Dr. Smith's whole Time was nearly taken up with such Enquiries and Reports, from which Sir Charles collected his principal' Information to form his Regulations for Prifens in general; — That the Witness believes he transcribed the Heads of the above Bill more than Twenty Times in order to adopt Alterations arid Improvements in consequence of Reports made from Time to Time by Dr.; — That several

Meeting of Members of Parliament were held at Sir Charles Whitworth's House relative to that Bill, when Dr. Smith was requeued to attend, which be con flan tly did; — That he remembers several Conversations which passed between Sir Charles Whitworth and Dr. Smith, relative to the Expence that was necessarily incurred by his Attendance on the Gaols-, and that though he was willing to give up much of his Time, he could not afford to give up Part of his private Fortune, and withed to know in what manner he \v»\s likely to be reimbursed such Expences as were unavoidable, other-wile he could not afford to pursue his Enquiries. — Sir Charles allured him, that, lie should make an early Application to Parliament for a proper Compensation, as he was lutisfied Parliament would be lb much pleased with his Condufl, that there could he no Doubt of their making him ample Amends, and desired him to goon without Fear of Eofs, and pledged himself, as a Member of Parliament, to inform the House of it; — That the Witness has very frequently heard Dr. Smith complain of the heavy Expences falling on him in pur-i'uit of this Business and of his having no Profpcft of being reimbursed them, except from the Hopes he entertained, by Sir Charles Whitworth's Assurances, that through his Application to Parliament there was not the lealt Doubt of his being reimbursed all reasonable Expences, and also that he would receive a due Reward for his Services, which would he fully couli-dered; and upon this Footing the Doctor chearfully and with Confidence continued his Services, and of course increased his Expences.

And the Witness added, That he has often heard Sir Charles Jf 'hilzcvrlh ex profs himself with great Satisfaction at Dr.Smith's Publications respecting the Gaols; and that he was very sensible they mult he attended with very considerable Expence; which he would date as an Object of the Consideration of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall he sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Crewe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for better securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, by disabling certain Officers employed in the Collection or Management of 11 is Majesty's Revenues, from giving their Votes at such Elections: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 2 ill D#y of November lad, for taking into Confi-

*7

deration, upon Tuesdaynext, the Petition of Lawrence Cox, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of lloniton, in the County of

O' *

Devon, might be read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed that Mr. Cor was desirous to w ithdraw his said Petition;

And Alexander Macleod, Esquire, the Sitting Member, having in his Place acquainted the House, that he consented to the withdrawing of the said Petition;

The House was moved, That the said Petition of Lawrence Cox, Esquire, might he again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of Burgefl'es to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Honiton, in the county of,

which was presented to the House on the 20th Day of November lall, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question be ing put. That the said Order, for taking the Petition of Imw-rence Cox, Esquire, into Cunsideration, upon Tuesday next, bedischarged;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth. *

Mr.

Mr. Stratton:

Mr. Burke Mr. Baker:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Lawrence Cox, Esquire, have I,eave to withdraw his said Petition;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting after the Word " Esquire," the Words " the Petitioner being in his Place in the " House, and havingassigned no Reason to the House " for desiring to withdraw his said Petition."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

The House divided.

The-Yeas went forth.

Mr. Baker,

Mr. H11 fey:

Mr. Stratton,

Mr. Strutt:

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That iMwrenceCox, Esquire, have Leave to withdraw his said Petition.

Tellers for the

Yeas,|

Tellers for the Noes,

75-

21.

Tellers for the Yeas, j Tellers for the Noes, |

28.

55-

Sir Edward A (I ley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bili for dividing and inclosing the Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, wRhit) the Parish of WinJ'arthing, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for-railing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole' House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

iVinfarthing In do l ure.

Ways add Means,

Supply-

21 Geo. III.

19° Ma

Supply Bill; Lottery, &c.

Lauocefton

Roads.

Importation

and

Exportation

of

Com, See.

S tower Navigation*

j Luna?, 1 (f di Martii

Anno 21° Georgii III"1 Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities and a Lottery; and for consolidating certain Annuities which were made One Joint Stock by an Act, made ir\ the Second Year of the Reign of His pfei'ent Majesty, with certain An-nultiesconsolidated by several Act», made in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present. Majesty, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities and a Lottery; and for consolidating certain Annuities which were made One Joint Stock by an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, with certain Annuities consolidated by several Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Perceval reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing and amending an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to the Borough of Laun-cefton, in the County of Cornwall, was committed; 'I hat the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the CIcrk'sTable: Where t heAmend-ments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put. thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for further regulating and ascertaining tho Importation and F.xportation of Corn and Grain, within several Ports and Places therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House Will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. 1

Mr. Tonnercaureported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the several l'ersons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of the River Stower Navigation, from the Town of Maningtree, in the County of Essex, to the Town of Sudbury in the County of Suffolk, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being proposed to extend the Navigation, or to raise any further Sum of Money for that Purpose; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the farfie, as it appeared to them", to the House; and he read the Re-\rQU 38.

*99

port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and ix as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, for making the River navigable

from the Town of Maningtree in the County of Essex, to the Town of Sudbury in the County of Suffolk, was read; whereby it appeared, that divers Persons therein named were appointed Commissioners, and inverted with Powers and Authorities for the Purpose of executing the said Act; and in case of the Death, or Refusal of any of them to act, the surviving Commissioners, or any Fifteen or more of them, were, from Time to Time, to appoint others in their Stead: And,

Mr. William Strutt being examined, said, That all the Commissioners appointed by and under the said Act are dead, except Two Persons who are not a fufliejent Number for appointing new Commissioners, or^Ifefting the Purposes of the said Navigation; and that the Powers and Authorities granted to the Commissioners by the said Act, have in some Respectsbeen found defective and ineffectual for the Purposes thereby intended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for appointing new Commissioners for continuing to carry into Execution the Trulls and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for making " the River Slower navigable from the Town of Maningtree in the County of Essex, to the Town of " bury in the County of S," in the Room and Place of those named in the said Act, who are since dead; and for explaining and amending the said Act: And that Mr. Fonnereau and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Sir William Ccdringfon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for declaring certain Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, to extend to all Acts made, and to be made, for repairing Roads subsequent to the passing of the said Act, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk':! Table,

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen ' Anne, intituled, "An Act for laying several Duties " upon all Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or " imported into the fame, arid upon chequered and ' " striped Linens imported, and upon certain Silks,

" Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs,- printed, painted, or " ftaiued, and upon several Kinds of Stamped Vellum,

" Parchment, and Paper, and upon certain printed " Papers, Pamphlets, and Advertisements, for railing " the Sum of Eighteen hundred thousand Pounds, by " Way of a Lottery, towards Her Majesty's Supply j ' " and for licensing an additional Number of Hackney " Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks <jf Cards of and Dice; and for'better fernring Her Majesty's " Duties to arise in the Office for the Stamp Duties, t‘ by Licences for Marriages.and otherwise; and for " Relief of Persons who have riot claimed their Lof- tery Tickets in due Time, or have loft Exchequer " Bills or Lottery Tickets; and for* borrowing Money

" upon

General Turn piker Act.

Ways and Means

300 i9° — 20

upon Stock (Part of the Capital of the Sea

" Company) for the Use of the Public," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for laying additional Duties on Soap and Paper, and upon certain Linens, " Silks, Callicoes, and Stuffs, and upon Starch and " exported Coals, and upon Stamped Vellum, Parch- ment, and Paper, for raising One Million Four hundred thousand Pounds, by Way of a Lottery, for " her Majesty's Supply; and for Allowances on exporting made Wares of Leather, Sheep Skins, and " Lamb Skins; and for Distribution of Four thousand " Pounds due to the Officers and Seamen for Gun " Money; and to adjust the Property of Tickets in " former Lotteries; and touching certain Shares of " Stock in the Capital of the South Sea Company; and ' for appropriating the Monies granted to her Ma-..... — jesty," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Inftmftion to the said Committee, That they do consider of so much of the said Acts as relates to the Duties upon Paper, Millboards, Pasteboards, and Scaleboards, made in Great Britain.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this Hou fe wil I, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Roxburgh Resolved, That this House will not, in this Session of Parliament, take into Consideration any of the Petitions presented to this House, complaining of an undue Election or Return of Members to serve in Parliament, which are appointed to be heard, after the Petitions of Robert Ker of Cockerton, Esquire, commonly called Lord Robert Ker, and of the Freeholders of the County of Roxburgh thereunto subscribing, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County.

Supply Bill; Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according Dutie* on to Order, a Bill for repealing the Discounts and Abate-Tobacco. mentg „pon certain Foreign Goods; and for granting additional Duties upon Tobacco and Sugar imported into Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Supply Bill; Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Zxcifc Duties. Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Excise in Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Martii. A. 178

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mi'.

Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Derby, for continuing the Term.andaltering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, lying in

the Counties of Derby, Leicester, and and j

for amending and keeping in Repair, the Road branch- j

ing from Part of the said Roads between in the said County of Derby, and Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road at or near The Bull's Head Alehouse in Tioycross, in the said County of Leicester-, without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Stow Poor, for rendering effectual an Act, made in the Eighteenth I

Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Stow, in the County of Suffolk; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of DiUorn, otherwise Dilhome, in the County of Stafford-, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the MdTengers withdrew.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Berwick into further Consideration, the Report which, upon the Election. 8th Day of this Instant March, was made from the Select Committee who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Sir John Paterson, of Eccles, Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Berioick.

And the Resolution of the said Select Committee being read a Second Time;

And the Question being proposed. That the House do agree with the Committee in thefa-d Resolution;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Six Months.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Berwick the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Berwick-, the last Ejection for a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the said County, having been determined to be void.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That t his House w ill, u pon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrowr Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 200 die Martii;

Anno 2i° Georgii III'" Regis, 1781.

Praters.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Confide- Honiron ration the Petition of the several Persons whose Election. Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of Burgesses

to

J

'll Geo. III. ao° Mar 301

to serve in Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Devon, complaining of an undue

Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

And a Member returned upon a new Writ having taken tlte Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and delivered in an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for thafe Purposes;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred Members, including Mr. Speaker, being found to be present;

The Connfel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the'House being locked, the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition ipto CouAdoration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box, (which had been before prepared).and put into Six Glasses„and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Two Members then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Anil the Name of Filmcr Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioners, and his Name was feb aside.

And the Names of Fourteen other Members then present were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of William Adam, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Thirty-three other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Thirty-two other Members, then present, were drawn, and set afidewith the Names of those who were absent from the HouseTwo, on Account of their being Sixty Years! of Age or upwards, chichi they had -before, verified upon Qa£h; Six, on Account of their being Members agajnll tyhofe Returns Petitions were ' depending; One on

Account of his being a Petitioner to this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return j and Twenty-three, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete. Lists of the said Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Pari 111 of Winfarthing, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Charles Spencer, Sir Edward Aftley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Lands called Enfham Heath and Old Coppice, within the

Parish of Enfham, in the County of Oxford, and for

setting.out Part thereof for a Common Pasture, and for regulating the Stint of the said Pasture, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Charles Spencer, Sir Edward AJlley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Ninth and Twenty^ighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads therein described, so far as the some relate to the Road from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called Milefone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That i he Bill be committed to Lord Charles Spencer, the Lord Wenman, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Charge of Additional Companies and Additionals to the Embodied Militia in South Britain, including Clothing, for the Years 17.80 and 1781: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Forty Independent Companies of Foot, to be raised, for 275 Days, from 25th March 1781 to 24th December following, both inclusive.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were, read -,

The laid Estimates are as followeth> viz.

" V©t.*38.

4H

ESTIMATE

Win farthing Inclosure*

Enfham In cloture*

Henley Bridge to the Mileflone Roads.

Estimates of Additions to the Army

3<d2 20° Martii. A. 17S1.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Additional Companies and Additional to the Embodied Militia in South Britain, including Clothing, for the Years 1780 and 1781.

Numbers. 1 1 Charge. TOTAL.

The Charge for 261 Da vs, including the Clothing for One Ad-

ditional Company to the Kali Devon Militia, from 8th April £ s. d. £ *.

1780 to 24th Decern her folio vvi n g, bo f h i ncl u li ve 71 9QI 9 4

D°, for Two Additional Companies, including the Charge of a Colonel, to the I Vejhno reload Regiment lor 249 Days, from

20th April 1780 to D° - - -D°, for One Additional Company to the same Regiment for 21 2,702 3 9

Da vs, from the 4th to the 24th December 1780, both inclusive 68 - - 230 16 7

D°, for Two dditional Companies to the Cardigan Militia, for 274 Days, from 26th March to 24th December 1780, both in- 136

cluijve - - 1,915 6 6

Pembroke, for One Company, for 214 Days, from 25th May 68

1 1 1 1 i 1 0 r-\ 0 0 r-~- 759 8 3

D°, the Charge of a Lieut. Colonel, for 357 Days, from 2d

Januaryto 24th December 1780, both inclusive -Anglesea, One Company, for 159 Days, from 19th July 1780 — " 124 19 —

to ij° - - - V - - 628 ii 4

D°, for 101 Days, from 15th September 1780 to D° - 71 - - 460 12 8

D°, for 48 Days, from 7th November 1780 to D° D°, for 14 Days, from nth to 24th December 1780, both in- 71 - 314 8 10

elufive ----- -- 220 13 2

Monmouth, I)0, for 7 Days, from 18th to 24th December 1780,

both inclusive - - - -Total for the Year 1780 68 899 193 5 3 8,452 4 8

Norfolk East Regiment, being the Difference of Pay between that of Lieutenant and Ensign for the Light Infantry Company, for the Year 1781, at 1 Slu per Diem - - - 18 5 —

Cornwall Regiment, being the Pay of Two Fifers to the Grena-

dier Company, including Clothing, for the same Time 2 42 10 10

Pembroke Militia, being the Pay of a Lieutenant Colonel, for the same Time, at 7 s. per Diem -Monmouth, One Additional Company, including Clothing, for - - - - 127 15 —

the same Time - - - 6S _ _ Li53 l7 n Li53 17 11 2,377 13 4

Westmoreland Ditto, for the same Time - 68 — _

Angle/ba, Two x\dditional Companies, for the same Time 142 _

Devon, North, One Company, for 350 Days, from 9th January / / % J Tt

1781 to 24th December following, both inclusive - Charge for 1781 71 35i 1.136 3 9 6,010 3

Total - - 1,250 - - 14,462 8 5

War Office,

20th March 1781. C. Jenkinson.

ESTIMATE

2i Geo. III.

20® M

303

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Forty Independent Companies of Foot, to be faised, for 275 Days, from 25th March 1781 to 24th December following, both Days inclusive.

Numbers. Pay for 275 Days. TOTAL.

One Independent Company of Foot, from 25th March

1781, to 24th December following, both inclusive, being £ d. £ s. d.

275 Days, at £.5 8. 2. per Diem -Thirty-nine Independent Companies more, each of the like Numbers and Rates as the Company abovementioned, for n6 1,487 5 10

The same Time ----- -- Total Charge of Forty Companies - Towards which may be applied the following Savings on the Sums voted for the Year 1780, for the Pay of the several Corps undermentioned; viz. 4>5*4 4,640 58,004 7 ‘ 6 59,491 13 -4 u i,

Colonel McCormick's Regiment of Foot - t,3I4 2 TO

Colonel Reid's - - - - 551 i

Lieutenant Colonel Whyte's ----- . 587 3 8

Colonel Stanton's - 678 5 4

Lieutenant Colonel Fullarlon's ----- 2 686 2 6

Major General Rainsford's ----- - 4,196 15 6 4,608 16 6

Lieutenant Colonel Humberjt one's Lieutenent Colonel North's Corps -

- 864 17 —

I From which deduct the Sum oif. 1,107. 4* being to make good a Deficiency on the Sums voted for the TvvoBattalions of Lord John Murray's Regiment x5>487 5 *

of Foot, for the Year 1781 - - - - 1,107 16 4 14,379 8 11

Remains to be provided for by Parliament - 4,640 v £ 45, n 2 4 1

War Office, 10th March 1781.

C. Jenkinf

Ordered That the said Estimates do lie upon the Ta ble, to be perused by the tvl embers of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Nolle be added to the Gentlemen, who were appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill piir-suant to the Prayer of the Petition of Robert Esqufre, Francis D'Ara; of the Kingdom of Ireland, Eiipiire, and Sarah Gaisford, Spinster, Lords of the Manor of West Mark, in the County of Somerset, and of the Impropriators of the Kecctory or Parish Church of Mark aforesaid, and of the several other Persons wimfe Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others being Proprietors of, and interfiled in, several Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, called Mark Moor, otherwise Moor, Mark

berty Moor, otherwise Yonder Moor, and Foie Moors or Commons, situate within the Manor and Parish of Mark aforesaid.

Mr. Nolle presented to (he House, according to Or-Vol. 38.

der, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, called Mark Moor, otherwise Thurll Moor, Mark Liberty Moor, otherwise Yonder Moor, and Foie Moors and Commons situate within the Parish of Mark, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from WilmJlozv Bridge, in Wilmjlmo, in the County of through Nether Alderley'vn the Town of to

or near The Red Bull in Church Lawton, in the said County, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Charles Roe and Company, concerned in a Manufactory

of Copper and Brass carried on at a Place called The Ilavannah, in the County of Chester, was referred; That the Committee had conddered the said Petition , and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found

Wilmslow

Bridge

Road.

Glorcester

Gaol,

&c.

3 04 £o° Martii. 1781.

found the fume to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's TableWherp (he Amendments were Once read, thronghpnt; pud then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

I; t , I ....

A Petition of the Persons whose [Karnes are thereunto, iuhscribed, Inlxabitants of the City. of Gloucester, paying Taxes fop Estates in the said City, for an(l Qn Behalf of themselves and mgny other Persons, Inhabitants of the said pity, paying Taxes likewise, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, being informed that a Petition was intended to be, and which bps.since been, jjrefented to the House, for L,eave to bring in a Bill.to pul!down the Gaol of the said Cityto. build a,new one, and also to pull down Two other Gates, and also for amending Two Acts, one made fipr the Relief and Support of the Poor of the said C|ty, and the cither for paving and amending the Streets, and other Improvements of the said City, the Petitioners, with many others, caused a Petition to be presented to the House, praying that such Eqave might not be given, for the many Reasons and Objections set forth in the said last mentioned Petitiprp; and further setting forth, that in the last Session of Parliament, a Petition was presented to the House, uyder the Common Seas of the Mayor and Burgeflesof the said Cify, for erecting and making a Market Place there, and also for the several Purposes now applied for; but the Demands of the said Corporation, and the Expence of such. Market Place, being enormous, aftera Bill had been read a Second Time in the House, after a long Interval, though the Clauses 'relating to the Market House ivere totally omitted, the said Corporation, for the Purposes of reimbursing the Expences incurred, proceeded upon the said Bill, which could not be totally opposed but_ upon a Third Reading in the Housej. that an Opposition was there* fore given to the said Bill in the other House of Parliament, and a Petition was procured, in Support of the Bill, from the Corporation of the Governor and Guardians of the Poor in the said City, and the said Bill did not pals into a Law; and that the Expences incurred by such a complicated Application being very great, in order to reimburse the fame, most of the Members of the said Corporation have, as individuals, signed, and by their Influence in the said City procured Petitions to be ligned, for Leave to bring the same Bill into the House; and representing to the House, that the said City Gaol is one of the ancient Gates of the said City, which the said Mayor and Burgesses have a Grant of'l oll by their Charter to repair, and are now under Indict jpentfor not repairing, though the Expence thereof and any Alterations for public Conveniency, would be very inconsiderable; and that the Two other Gates, to be pulled down are the absolute Property of the said Mayor and Burgesses, and may be pulled down by them without the Aid of Parliament; and that the Defect in the Act for Relief of the Poor proceeds from Inaccuracies in the General Vagrant Acts, and the Members of both Corporations have not properly used but a hilled their Powers in the Execution of both the said Acts; and that the Petitioners have, within these Tw o Years past, been put to very great Expewees, m paving, and othmvile improving, the said City, ami hope they lJmll not he wantonly burthened with unne-eeJlary Taxes: And therefore praying, That if Leave shall be given to bring ill a Bill for the Purposes prayed Stir, that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves 01 Counsel, again)! the said Bill.

Ordered, Tint the said Petition do lie upon the 74

Table, until the Bill forerefting a new Gaol and House of Correction, and for removing certain Gatew ays, in the City of Gloucester; and for amending the several Acts passed for the Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the said City, and lighting, paving, and regelating the Streets there, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be thep heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for repealing the Discounts and Abatements upon gertain "Foreign Goods, and for granting additional Duties upon Tobacco anil Sugar imported into Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill Was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

_ Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole Holife.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of* the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Excij'e in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly *

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w'hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, To-morrowMorning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth: viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Rates and Duties upon Paper, Mill-boards, Pasteboards, and Scaleboards, made in Great Britain (except so much as are imposed upon Paper to be printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain, to serve for Hangings and other Uses) do cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Nine Shillings per Ream be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Imperial, of the Value of Two Pounds Eleven Shillings per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-two Inches by thirty Inches and a Quarter

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Shillings and Nine Pence per Ream be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Super Royal, of the Value of One Pound Eighteen Shillings per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and a Quarter by Twenty-seven Inches and an Half.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That a Duty of Five Shillings per Ream be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Royal, of the Value of One Pound Nine Shillings Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions or Nineteen Inches and aQuarter by Tw enty-four Inches*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That

Suppi) 901j Duties '>u T oibiuo.

Supply Bill]

Excifa Du'Jci

Wip

and Mrans.

1

21 Geo. III. 20° Martii.

305

That a Duty of Four Shillings per Ream be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Medium, of the Value of One Pound Two Shillings and Six Pence per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Seventeen Inches and an Half by Twenty-two Inches and an Half.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Nine Pence per Ream be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Demy, of the Value of Sixteen Shillings per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen Inches and an Half by Twenty Inches.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence per Ream be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Thick Post, of the Value of Thirteen Shillings per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen Inches and a Quarter by Nineteen Inches and an Half.

Rrfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Dtuy of One Shilling and Nine Pence per Ream be laid on all Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Thin Post, of the Value of Ten Shillings per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen Inches and a Quarter by Nineteen Inches and an Half.

Rrfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, a Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence per Ream be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Small Post, of the Value of Seven Shillings and Six Pence per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Thirteen Inches and an Half by Sixteen Inches and an Half.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence per Ream be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, ^called Fools Cap. of the Value of Nine Shillings per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Thirteen Inches and an Half by Sixteen Inches and Three Quarters.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling per Ream be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain for Writing called Potty of the Value of Six Shillings per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twelve Inches and an Half by Fifteen Inches and an Half.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, a Duly of One Pound Ten Shillings per Ream be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain for Writing or Copper Plate Printing, called Double Atlas, of the Value of Fifteen Pounds /)dfr Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Fifty-five Inches by Thirty-one Inches and an Half.

Resolved, That, it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Nine Pence per Ream bt* laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain, for Writing or Copper Plate Printing, called Demy, of the Value of Twelve Shillings per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen Inches and an Half by Twenty Inches.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of One Shilling per Ream be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain ior Writing or Copper Plate Printing, called Copy or Bastard, of the Value of Seven Shillings and Six Pence per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Sixteen Inches by Twenty Inches and a Quarter.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Ten Pence per Ream be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain for Writing or Copper-Plate Printing, called Fools Cap. of the Value of Six Shillingsper Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Thirteen Inches and an Half by Sixteen Inches and Three Quarters.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Ten Pence per Ream be laid upon all Vol. 38:

Paper made in Great Britain for Writing or Copperplate Printing, called Littris Foots Cap. of the V alue of Six Shillings per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Thirteen Inches and an Half by Seventeen Inches and an Ha If.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Fight Pence per Ream be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain, for Writing or Copper-Plate Printing, called Pott, of the Value of Four Shillings per, Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions-of Twelve Inches and an Half by Fifteen Inches and an Half.

Rrfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eleven Shillings per Ream be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain for Writing or Copper-Plate Printing, called Grand Eagle, or Double Elephant, of the Value of Four Pounds per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-fixfnches and Three Quarters, by Forty Inches.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Shillings per Ream be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain for Writing of Copper-Plate Printing, called Colombier, of the Value of Two Pounds and Ten Shillings per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-three Inches and an Half by Thirty-fourlnches and an Half.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Ten Shillings per Ream be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain for Writing or Copper-Plate Printing, called Atlas, of the Value of Three Pounds per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-six Inches and a Quarter, by Thirty-four Inches.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Six Shillings and Six Pence per Ream be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain for Writing or Copper Plate Priu ting, caller] Allas, of the Value of Tw o Pounds per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty -six Inches and a Quarter by Thirty-four Inches.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Five Shillings per Ream be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain for Writing or Copper-Plate Printing, called Small Atlas, of the Vaiue of One Pound and Ten Shillings per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-five Inches by Thirty-one Inches.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Four Shillings and Nine Pence per Ream be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain for Writing or Copper-Plate Printing, called Imperial, of the Value of One Pound and Ten Shillings per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-two Inches by Thirty Inches and a Quarter.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a DutyofThree Shillings and Six Pence per Ream be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain for Writing or Copper-Plate Printing, called Super Royal, of the Value of One Pound and Five Shillings per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and a Quarter by Twenty-feveil Inches and an Half.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Three Shillings per Ream be I aid upon all Paper made in Great Britain for Writing or Copper-Plate Printing called Long Royal, of the Value of One Pound per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-seven Inches and an Haiti by Eighteen Inches.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence per Ream be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain for Writing or Copper-Plate Printing, called Royal, of the Value of Eighteen Shillings per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen luches and a Quarter by Tw0fity-four Inches.

4 I Resolved,

Ways and Meant;

2oe Martii. . 1781.

i ___

Wtys Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

ud Means. That a Duty of One Shilling and Nine Pence Hearn be laid upon all Paper made in Great for Writ-

ing or Copper-Plate Printing, called of the Value of Thirteen Shillings per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Seventeen Indies by Twenty-two Inches.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence per Ream be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain for Writing or Copper-Plate Printing, called Short Demy or Croivns, of the Value of Nine Shillings per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of fourteen Inches by Twenty Inches and a Quarter, or of Fifteen Indies by 'Twenty Iitches,

Refdved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Two Shillings per Ream be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain for Writing or Copper-Plate Printing, called Large Fan, of the Value of Fourteen Shillings per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimenfious of Twenty-three Inches and an Half by Twenty Inches and Half.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence per Ream be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain for Writing or Copper-Plate Printing, called Small Fan, of the Value of Eleven Shillings per Ream and upwards, and nett exceeding the Dimeulions of Twenty-two Indies and a Quarter by Thirteen Inches and a Quarter.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence per Ream be laid upon all Paper made in Great Brilaiii for Writing or Copper-Plate Printing, called Elephantr of the Value of Fifteen Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-three Indies by Twenty-eight Inches.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings per Ream be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain for Bank or Bankers Bills or Notes, allowing Two Bills or Notes in eadi Sheet, and so in proportion for a greater or less Number of Bills or Notes, in each Sheet.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Shillings and Six Pence per Bundle be laid upon all Paper made in Great,

for Printing, called Double Demy, of the Value of One Pound and Eighteen Shillings Bundle tint! upwards* and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-six Inches by Thirty-eight Inches and an Half.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Six Pence per Bundle lie laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Royal, of the Value of One Pound and Four Shillings per Bundle and upwards, and ilot exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and an Half by Twenty-four Inches and a Quarter, or of Twenty Indies by Twenty-six Inches.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings per Bundle be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Royal hferior, of the Value of Fourteen Shillings Bundle and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen J nches and an Half by Twetity-four Inches and a Quarter.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Nine Pence per Bundle be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Medium, of the Value of One Pound per Bmidle, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimenfious of Eighteen Inches by Twenty-three Inches.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence Bundle

be laid upon all Paper made iii Great Britain for Printing, called Demy Single, of the Value <jf Seventeen Shillings per Bundle and upwards, and nbt exceeding the

*7 r

Dimensions of Seventeen Inches and an Ilalfby Twenty-two Inches, or of Nineteen Inches by Twenty Indies and an Half.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence per Bundle be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Demy Inferior, of the Value of Ten Shillings per Bundle and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Seventeen Inches and an Half by Twenty-two Inches.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That a Duty of Two Shillings and Four Pence per Bundle be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Double Crown, of the Value of Seventeen Shillings per Bundle and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty Inches by Thirty Indies.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Nine Pence per Bundle be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Double Crown Inferior, of the Value of Twelve Shillings per Bundle and upwards, and riot exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty Inches by Thirty Inches.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings per Bundle be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Single Crown, of the Value of Thirteen Shillings per Bundle and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions" of Fifteen Inches by Twenty Indies.

Resolveil, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence per Bundle be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Single Crown Inferior, of the Value of Eight Shillings per Bundle and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen Inches by Twenty Indies. *

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That a Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence per Bundle belaid upon all Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Demy Tissue, of the Value of Eight Shillings per Bundle and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Seventeen Inches and an Half by Twenty-two Inches.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Ten Pence per Bundle be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called CrounK

Tijftie, of the Value of Five Shillings per Bundle and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen Inches by Twenty Inches.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence per Bundle be laid upon all Paper made in for

Printing, called Double Pott, of the Value of Nine Shillings per Bundle and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Seventeen Inches by Twenty-live Inches and an Half.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Nine 'Pence per Ream be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain Called Cartridge, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-one Inches by Twenty-lix Inches.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That a Duty of Two Shillings per Ream be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain, called Square Cartridge, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-four Inches and an. Half by Twenty-five Inches and an Half.

Resolved\That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence per Ream be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain, called Cartridge, not exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and a Quarter by Twenty-four Inches.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Three Penceper* Ream be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain, called

Elephant

a i Geo. III. iop Mdrtii.

Elephant Common, not exceeding the Dimensions of be laid Upon oil fitted BroWh Paper made in Great Ways end Twenty-three Indies by Twenty-eight Indies. Britain, called Middle Hand ,not exceeding Mei"s*

Re/otccd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Dimensions of Thirty-three I nches by Twenty-one That a Duty of Two Shillings per Ream be laid upon Indies.

all Paper made in Great Britain called Sugar Blue, not Ref That it is the Opinion of this Committee, exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-one Inches and That a Duty of Nine Pence per Bundle be laid upon an Half by Thirty-three Inches. . all Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called

R<Jblved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Middle Hand, not exceedingthfeDimensions of Tiventy-That a Duty of One‘Shilling and Six Pence per Ream two Inches by Sixteen Inches.

be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain called Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Sugar Blue Sntalkr Slze, not exceeding fire Dimerifions That a Duty of One Shilling per Bundle be laid upon of Eighteen Inches and Three Quarters by Twenty- all Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called seven Inches, Small Hand Double, hot exceeding the Dimensions of

Resolved, That it ts the Opinion of this Committee, Thirty-two Indies by Twenty Inches.

That a Duty of One Shilling and Three Penceper Ream Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain, called Su- That a Duty of Six Pence per Bundle be laid upon all gar Blue Demy Site, not exceeding the Dimeiifions of Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Seventeen Inches and an Half by Twenty-two Inches. Small Hand, hot exceeding the Ilimensions of Nineteen Rxjolvpd, That it is the Opinion of 'this Committee, Indies and Three Quarters by Sixteen Inches.

That a Duty of One ShSting and Three Pence per Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Ream be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain, That a Duty of Four Pence Bundle be laid upon all called Sugar Blue Crown Size] not exceeding the Di- Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called mertfions of Fifteen Inches by Twenty Inches. Couples Pound and not exceeding the Di-

RtJ'olwd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, mentions of Twelve Inches by Ten Inches, and of Nine That a Duty of One Shilling per Ream be laid upon Inches by Seven Inches and an Half, all Paper made in Great Britain, called Purple Royal, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, not exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and That a Duty of One Shilling per Ream be laid upon an Half by Twenty-four Inches and a Quarter. all Brown Paper made in Great called Impe-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, rial Cap. not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-That a Doty of One Shilling and Six Pence per Ream nine Indies by Twenty-two Inches, be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain, called Blue Resolved, That it is the Opinion of- this Committee, Elephant, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty- That a Duty of Nine Pence per Ream be laid upon all three Inches by Twenty-eight Inches. Brown Paper made in Great British, called Cap.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-four Inches That a Duty of Two Shillings per Bundle be laid upon by Twenty Inches.

all Paper made in Great Britain, called Blue Royal, not Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and an That a Duty of Eight Pence per Ream be laid upon all Half by Twenty-Jour Inches and a Quarter, - Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Bag Cap.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-three inches That a Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence per and an Half by Nineteen inches.

Bundle be laid upon all Paper made in Great Britain, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, called Blue Demy and Blossom, not exceeding the Dimen- That a Dlity of Six PenCe perRCam be laid upon all

fions of Seventeen Inches by Twenty-two inches. Brown Paper made in Great , called

Bejblved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Cap.not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-one That a Duty of Nine Pence per Bundle he laid upon all Inches by Eighteen Indies. , .

Paper made in Great Britain, called Blue Crown Single, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, not exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen Inches by That a Duty of Six pence pet Reafn be laid upon all Twenty Indies. Brown Paper made in Britain, Called FouY

Revived, That it it the Opinion of this Committee, Pounds, not exceeding the DimenfioOs of Twenty In*

That a Duty of Ten Pence per.Ream be laid upon all ches by Sixteen Inches. " ,

"Whited Brown Paper made in Great' Britain, called Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Roydl Hand Thick, not exceeding the Dimensions of That a Duty of Four Pence per Ream be laid upon Twenty-finir Inches by Nineteen Inches and a all Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Small Quarter. Cap. not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty Inches

Resolved, That-it is the Opinion of this Committee, by fifteen Inches.

That h Duty of One Shilling per Bundle be laid upon Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, all Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called That a Duty of One Shilling.per Ream be laid upon Royal Hand, not exceeding the Dimertfions of Twenty- all Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Double four Inches by N ineteen Inches and a Quarter. Eotir Pounds, not exceeding the Dimensions of Thirty-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, three Inches by Twenty Inches,;

That a Doty -of One Shilling per Handle be laid upon Resolved, That it is the Opinion of, this Committee, all Whited Brown Paper made iti Great Britain, called That a Duty of Six Pence per Bundle he laid upon all Lumber Hand, not exceeding t he Dimensions of Twenty- Brown Paper made in Britain, called Single Two three Inches by Eighteen Inches. < Pounds, not exceeding the Dimensions of Sixteeu Inches

ReJHved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, by Eleven Ibelies.

That a.Duty of Nine Pence per Bundle be laid upon 1 R(Jolved, T\iit It is the Opinion of this Committee, all Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called That a Duty of Four Ppn Bundle he laid upon Double Two Poundj not exceeding the Dimensions of aW Brown Pa-fiet* made in Great Britain, called Twenty-four Inches by Sixteen Inches < Pound and Half Poitnd, not exceeding the Dimeufions

Rtjolied, That it is the Opihionoftbi* Committee, df Twelve Inches by Tbn Inbhes, and of Nine Inches That a Duty of Four Pence per Bundle be laid upon by Seven Inches and an Half.

all Whited Brown Paper made \nGreat Britain, called ' Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Single Two Pound, not exceeding the Dimensions of That a Duty of Fortr Shillings And Six Penceper Hun-Sixteen Inches by Eleven Inches. dred Weight be laid upon ail Pasteboard, Millboard,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Scaleboard, and Glared Paper, nijadbin tireat Britain,

That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence pep Bundle for Clothier^ and Hotpressers. vV*i.y8. Resolved,

20°- — 21° Martiu

308

Ways Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

and Means. That an additional Duty or Charge of Ten Pounds per Centum be laid upon the Produce and Amount of the said several Duties upon Paper, Millboards, Pasteboards, and Scaleboards.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties upon Paper, Millboards, Pasteboards, and Scaleboards, made or imported into Great Britain, be applied to the same Uses and Purposes as the former Duties upon Paper, Millboards, Pasteboards, and Scaleboards, were applicable.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. , the Lord North, the Lord Weflcole, the Lord Sir Richard Sutton,

Mr. Butler, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey Coojier, and Mr. John Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Account* of The House being informed that Mr. , from the Bi-kith and Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

hr was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all Ships, being British Property, reported, in wards, in the Port of London, from ill January 1779 ,0 the ill 1780; distinguishing

each Ship, the Date of the Report, her Name, the Port from whence Ihecame, whether Plantation,

or Foreign-built, her Burthen, the Number of Men British, and the Number of Men Foreigners, by whom lhe was navigated, beftdes the Mailer: And also.

An Account of all Ships, being British Property, reported inwards in the Port of , from ill January 1780 to the id 1781; distinguishing

each Ship, the Date of the Report, her Name, the Portsrom whence (he came, whether Plantation,

or Foreign-built, her Burthen, the Number of Men British, and the Number of Men Foreigners, by whom lhe was navigated, beftdes the Mailer: And also,

An Account of all Ships, being Foreign Property, reported inwards in the Port of London, from ift Ja-nuaty 1779 to January 1780; distinguishing

each Ship, the Date of the Report, her Name, the Port from whence lhe came, whether British, Plantation, or Foreign-built, her Burthen, the Number of Men British, and the Number of Men Foreigners, by whom llie was navigated, beftdes the Mailer: And also.

An Account of all Ships, being Foreign Property, reported inwards in the Port of London, from ilt January 1780 to the ill January 17S1; distinguishing each Ship, the Date of the Report, her Name, the Port from whencelhe came, whether British, Plantation, or Foreign-built, her Burthen, the Number of Men British, and the Number of Men Foreigners, b v whom flie was navigated, beftdes the Mailer: And also.

An Account of the Total Number and TonDage of all British Ships and Vessels in the Merchant Service, arrived and reported in the Out Ports of South Britain, from all other Ports or Places,' with an Account of the Number of Seamen (exclusive of the Mailer) navigating such Ships and Vessels; distinguishing the British from the Foreign Seamen, from the ill January 1772 to the jft January 1780; distinguishing each Port and each Year ': And also.

An Account of the Total Number and Tonnage of all Foreign Ships and Vessels, arrived and reported in the Out Ports of South Britain, with the Number of Foreign Seamen navigating such Shi ps and Vessels, from the ill January 1772 to the ill January 1780; distinguishing each Out Port and each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon

' A. 1781,

the Table, to be perused by the Members. of the House. '

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this SclTion.

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being ‘ Honiioo again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend tleftion. the said Select Committee delivered in to the House one of the said Lifts, which had been llruck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck, to which last mentioned Lift the Names of Filmer Honywood and William Adam, Esquires, being

added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Robert Smith, Esquire, the honourable St. Andreio St. John, Thomas Lucas, Esquire, Esquire, William Pochin, Esquire, John Esquire,

Lord Charles Spencer, John Shaw Stuart, Esquire, Sir Thomas Clarges, Baronet, the honourable Frederick

Robinson, James Dutton, Esquire, Humphrey Esquire, the honourable John Jefferies Pratt, Filmer Honywood, Esquire, William Adam, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Electors of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, now taken

into Consideration, were fwornby the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents onbothSides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Court of Chancery, in

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 21° die Mart it;

Anno 2i° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for continuing and amending an Lau*ceH«o Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to the Borough of Launcefion, in the County of Cormoall, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing and amending an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to the Borough of cejton, in the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That Mr. Bmolby do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Fetirion the 14th Day of this Instant March, for the House rfpefting to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, maE& ,nfr Tomorrow, to consider of the Petition of the Owners of Ships belonging to, and trading from, the Port of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, residing on Shore, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Sir John Trevelyan presented to the House, according Blackford to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, loclosure. Commons, or Tracts of Commonable Land, called or known by thcNamesof Tealham Moor, Blackford Moor,

Bladford

2i Geo. III.

ii° Ma

309

Roxburgh

Election.

Ditto.

'Wilmslow

Bridge

Road.

Bln me

lofure.

Blackford Ham, and Hare Pi I, within the Manor of Blackford, in the Parish oilVedmorr, in the County of Some?fel: And the same was received; and read the First Time. J

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That the Resolution of this House, of Monday I aft, "That this House will not, " in this Session of Parliament, take into Consideration " any of the Petitions prefeiltedlo this House, complaining of an undue Flection or Return of Members to " serve in Parliament, which are appointed to be heard " after the Petitions of Robert Ker, of Cockcrloim, " Esquire, commonly called Lord Robert Key, and of " the Freeholders of the County of Roxburgh, thereunto " subscribi'ng, severally complaining of an undue " Election and Return for the said County/' might be read.

And the same Was read accordingly.

The House.was also moved, that the Order made upon the 21 ft D «v of November last, for taking into Consideration upon Friday the 6th Day of April next, the Petition of the honourable Temple Lultrell\ and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others the Electors of the Borough of Milborne Port, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 27th Day of April next, at a Quarter before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 21st Day of November last, for taking into Consideration, upon Tuesday the 10th Day of April next, the Petition of Robert Ker, of Cockertoun, Esquire, commonly called Lord Robert Ker; and also the Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Roxburgh, thereunto subserihing, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the ill Day of May next, at a Quarter before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Wilmfxxv Bridge, in IVilmJlow, in the County of Chester, through Nclher Alderley and the Town of Congleton, to or near The Red Bull in Church Laic ton, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And tliai the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from. Wilinflate Bridge, in IVilmJlozv, in the County of Chester, through Nether Alderley and the Town of Congleton, to or near The Red 'Bull in Church Lawton, in the said County.

Ordered, Tf/R Mr. Crewe do carry the Bid to the Lbrds, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Aniehclnients made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for d ivifliiijg and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish olf Dil'orn, otherwise Diihorne, in the County of Staf ford.

Ami the said Amendments were read; and are as fbl-lowetlV; viz.

Rh L I. 18. Leave'out from " whereas''to " the/'

' "in Line 28/

I. 30. Leave out from "to" to "certain/' in Line 31.

Pr. 3. I.5. Fill the Blank with " Hatton Grange/* Pr. iS. 1. 19. Leave out from " thereof" to " and/* in Press 20, Line 7.

Pr. 21. 1. 1. Leave out "said."

1. 2. After " of" insert "the Cathedral " Church of," and in the same Line, and Line 3, leave out " and " Coventry," and insert " Patrons " of the Vicarage of D illorn, otherwise Diihorne aforesaid, and also " Owners of the Great Tythes " arising, renewing, and encreasing, within the said Parish."

1. 19. Leave out from "made" to "and," in Line 27.

Pr. 32. 1. 4. Leave out " for or/'

1. 34. In the Interlineation, after " the " insert " said," and in the same Line, and Line 35, leave out " of Litchfield and Coventry."

Pr. 36.I. 19. After " only " insert " other than " and except the said James Daniel, " Vicar of the said Parish of Dillorn, otherwise Diihorne, and his " Successors."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Lewisham do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath-agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee* to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing near, or frequently travelling, the Road from Foot's Cray Bridge, through EUham, to the North End of Burnt Ash Lane, in the Parish of Lee, in the County of Kent, being the nearest and direct Road from London to Maidstone, the County Town,-" was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th o( April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Charles Brett, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Road described in the Petition is out of Repair, narrow in some Places, and incommodious — That it is the direct and high Road from London to Maidstone, the County Town of Kent-r-ThaX it cannot be properly amended and kept in Repair by the Laws in being — That it is about Five Miles in Length; and that it would be a Convenience to tlfe Neighbourhood, and of public Utility, to have the same included in One of the Turnpike Acts, the Roads, of which communicate with it.

A Member present confirmed the foregoing Evidence: And,

Another Member present informed the Committee-, That the Petition was signed at the last Affixes by the Whole of the Grand Jury — That the Owners of Estates adjoining to the Road, are delirous of its being included in some Turnpike Act, butr that ,po Notices could be given agreeably to the -Standing Orders of the House, bepause it was.mot known when ihe-iYtvo Crofis Turnpike AS, in.wlftch is proposed to be included;would b.e renewed.; nor w$ts it certain, till very lately, that the Trusteesj ^nder fhat AS would consent to take it under their Care. - ,

Mr. Brett, being again examined, said. That he is. an acting Trustee under the said Act — That the Trust 4 K are

Kent Street

to

Dartford,

&c.

Roads*

Bourn Eau Navigation.

Colchester

Streets,

310

21° Martii. A.1781.

are inclined to take the Management of the said Piece of Road; and that it is not meant to take any additional Toll on that Account.

Ordered, That it be an Inftrnction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectually repairing the several Roads leading from The Stone's End in Kent Streclwi the Pari ill of Saint George, Southwark, to; and from The Stone's End tu. Bermondsey Street, to t he Turnpike near SainlThomas a Waterings, in the said Parish of Saint George; and from the Turnpike Road near Deptford Bn'dge to The Stone's End in London Street, in the Parish of East Greenwich; and from the Six Mile Stone

on Blackhcath, near the West End ot Greenwich Park

Wall, to Woolwich Warren-, and from The Lime Kilns in East Greenwich, to join the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Lcivi/hum-, and from New in the Parish of

Deptford, to FarnborougliWell; an<l from the First Mill Pond at South End, in the said Parish of Lewi/ham, to the

West End of Stroud Green, in the Parish of Croydon; and from the Turnpike Road near Ixwifham to

the North End of Burnt Ash Lane, in the Parish of Lee,

the Counties of Kent and Surrey; and for repealing lo much offeveral Arts of Parliament, nowin Force, as relates to the said Roads, is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for amending and widening the Road from through

Eltham, to the North End of Burnt Ash Lane, in the Parish of Lee, in the County of

Mr. Sibthorp reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for improving the Navigation of l he River called Bourn Eau, from the Town of Bourn, to its Junction with the River Glen, at a Place called Tongue E?id, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendmentsthereunto; which they had directod him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the ^Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fe-vcrally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition offeveral of the Commissionersforcleanfing and making navigable the Channel from The at

Colchester, to Wivenhoe, in the County of Essex, and of several Merchants, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants of the Town of Colchwhofe Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others interested in the Navigation of the said Channel, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for continuing and making more effectual several Acts of Parliament, passed for cleansing and making navigable\he Channel from The Hythe at -

chester, to Wivenhoe, in the County of Essex; and for repairing and cleansing the Streets of the Town of chester, and also for 1 ighting the Streets and Lanes, and for preventing Annoyances in the said Town; and Setting forth. That there is a Clause contained in the said Bill . whereby the Commissioners are obliged to keep in Repair the Walls on each Side of the said Channel, which Walls have always been the Property of the Owners of Lands contiguous to the said Channel, and were made by the said Owners to proteCl their Lands from Inundations, and have always been supported and repaired by them *, which Clause, if passed into a Law, would, as the Petitioners apprehend, be of the greatest prejudice to the Navigation of the said Channel, aAd very inju-' rious to the Public; and that any absolute Limitation of the Time for keeping up the Lock Water, as pro-5

posed by the said Bill, will occasion the greatest Inconveniencies to all Persons concerned in the said Navigation, and will entirely defeat the End for which the said Lock was erected, which was to keep up a sufficient Head of Water at Neap Tides, by the Addition of the fresh Water, that the Vessels, when loading, might be removed from one Quay to another; and the Petitioners are well assured the Trade of the said Channel cannot possibly be carried on, unless the Commissioners are authorized to keep up the Lock Water for such Time as they shall think proper; and that the Clause in some former Acts relating to the said Navigation, for incapacitating such Persons as farm Quays or Wharfs upon the said Channel from being Commissioners, is now without any Foundation, as the Reasons upon which it was grounded do no longer exist; and the Petitioners therefore submit, whether the said incapacitating Clause ought to remain in Force, more especially as the Persons who farm Quays or Wharfs are, by their Situation and Employment, most particularly qualified to atlas Commissioners for the Care and Management of the said Navigation; and that the Boundaries of the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, as described in the said Bill, are different from those agreed upon at a General Meeting of the said Commissioners, and the fixingtlie same in theManner prescribed by the Bill will, be attended with considerable Inconvenience to the said Navigation; and the Petitioners further submit, whether some Qualification be not necessary for such Persons as shall act as Commissioners: And therefore praying.

That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may be injurious to them; and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Thomas Noxon and Thomas Butler, late Coventry Sheriffs of the City of Coventry, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners having been found guilty of a high Violation of the Law, and a gross Breach of the Privileges of this House, for not having made any Return of Members to serve in Parliament at the lall General Election for the said City, were, for the said Offence, committed to His Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, where they were confined until Friday Evening last; and that the Petitioners wer® then discharged by this House from the said Gaol, and committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, where they are now confined; and that the Petitioners are thoroughly sensible of the great Offence they have been guilty of, and humbly beg Pardon of the House for the fame: And therefore praying. That they may be discharged from their Confinement.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, that the said Thomas Noxon and Thomas Butler be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning in order to their being discharged;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{ JJ'; } 55

Tellers for the Noes, cfrf'OnJhw, } 65-

So it passed in the Negative.

A Petition

21 Geo. III.

2i* Mar tit.

311

> Phillip*'* A Petition of Henry Phillips, of Knighlsbridge, in the Potion County of Middlesex.was presented to the House, and 'Mroytog reftd; Setting forth. That the Petitioner has devoted lata*, the major Part of his Life to Inventions for Public Utility, among which he has discovered a Specific for the Preservation of all Dry Provisions on board Ships, and I in Granaries, Storehouses, Barracks, Hospitals, and

j Encampments, from Weevils, Maggots, Spiders, Cock-

roaches, Moths, Sic. Sfc. and, inConsequence of the many incontestible Proofs which he has laid before the Commissioners of the Admiralty, their Lordships, convinced of the great Utility of the Petitioner's Invention, directed the Commissioners for victualling the Navy to fend on board each of His Majesty's Ships a Sufficient. Quantity of the Petitioner's Composition, and the Petitioner has received Orders^ from the Commissioners of the Victualling, which he executed and delivered into His Majesty's Stores at London-, and that, notwithstanding the Invention has been acquired by Sixteen Years unremitted Application, at the Expence of j,oooo, and at the Hazard of his Life, the Petitioner is willing to lay open the

Letters now in the Possession of the Petitioner; and that many Navy and Military respectable Officers have strongly recommended to the Petitioner to make known to the House the great Importance of his Compoli-tion in preserving Dry Provisions, in the several Store-hotifes at GihraUar, Port Mahon, and other Garrisons} and some of the said Officers, who are w ell acquainted with the Loss which daily arises from the Walle of the Dry Provisionsoccafioned by the Ravages of these Infects, after having made asaccurateCalculationsas the Nature of the same will admit of, gave it as their Opinion, that tlieUfe of the Petitioner's Composition will be productive of a very great Annual Saving to Government, not unworthy the Attention of the House, exclusive of the; Preservation of the Health and Lives of many of His Majesty's Seamen and Soldiers; and that, in Confe-; quence of the many incontestible Proofs which the Petitioner has laid before the Commissioners of the Admiralty, their Lordships, convinced of the great Utility of the Petitioner's I nvention, directed I he Commissioners for Victualling the Navy, to fend on board each of His

Nature and Manner of preparing his Composition. that Majesty's Ships a sufficient Quantity of the said Compo-

all His Majesty's Subjects may reap the Benefit of it; and that the Petitioner could not prefer his Petition to the House untiTi he had executed Government's Orders, which was on the 12th of February, and unfortunately at that Period the Petitioner had the Misfortune to fall off from his Works, in which he received several Wounds, and is under a Surgeon's Hands, which totally deprived him of making an earlier Application to Parliament; and that the Petitioner is upprehensive that, from the above-mentioned Accident, together with such Miseries which attend Indigence and Old Age, lie probably may never be able to go through any more Work: And therefore prayi ng the House to take into their Consideration the peculiar i Iardthips of a Subject, who has made it hisinvariable Study to be useful to the Community, and to grant him Leave that his Petition may be presented.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Henry Phillips.

fition, and accordingly the Petitioner has lately received Orders from the said Commissioners for victualling the Navy for a considerable Quantity of the said Composition; and that the Petitioner, in the Year 1775, about which Time he first brought his Composition to Perfection, laid it before the Society for encouraging Arts and Sciences, and they, after having made repeated Trials of its great Utility, gave him every Mark of Approbation which the limited Powers of their Institu-tion would allow'; and, in Consequence of that Approbation, several Merchants and Proprietors of Plantations in the Bland of Grenada, resident in London, Applied to the Petitioner, and strongly solicited him to go over to Grenada where Swarms of Cane Ants in-felled many of their Sugar Plantations, and did such iucredible Damage, that 1 he Legifluture thereof thought it necessary to offer a Reward of^ 20,000 to such Person or Persons as should discover the cheapest and most effectual Methods for destroying those pernicious Infers; stimulated by these Applications, and induced by the noble Motive of obtaining a public Reward for

Then a Petition of Henry Phillips, of Knightsbridge, rendering Services to his Country, the Petitioner under-

in the County of Middlesex, being offered to be presented to the Hotrfe;

The Lord North, by H is Majesty's Command, ac-qnainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends the same to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, having been informed of the Ravages and Devastations made during

took a Voyage to the Bland of Grenada, where repeated Experiments were made upon the Cane Ants with his new-invented Powder, the Success of which the Petitioner doubts not he shall be able to prove to the Satisfaction of the House; and that the Petitioner further begs Leave to point out the Utility of his Composition in Granaries, Warehouses, and in Encampments, Barracks, and Ilofpilals, as it will not only keep them perfectly free from those troublesome Infects, with which

Sea Voyages on the Dry Provisions in His Majesty's they are commonly infefted, but l ikewife from all Man

Navy, by several Species of Infects, and no Person having devised any Method for their total Destruction, or even for lessening their rapid Increase, the Petitioner, being well versed in Chemistry, turned his whole Thoughts to that great End,- it appeared to him n6t

ner of noxious Reptiles whatsoever: The Petitioner is therefore induced, notwithstanding the Invention has been acquired by Sixteen Yearsunremitted Application, at the Expence of £.4,000, and at the Hazard of his Life, to make known to the House, that lie is ready

only an Object on which tue very Existence of His and willing to lay open the Nature and Manner of pre- Majesty's Seamen depended, but also the Means of paring his Composition, that all his Majesty's Subjecb saving the Nation large Sums of Money; accordingly, may reap the Benefit of it, upon receiving such Corn-having at different Times compounded numberless Re- pensation for his Trouble and Expence as the House medies, the Petitioner at length was happy, after many shall think proper to grant.

Years incessant Study and unremitted Assiduity, to in- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the vent a cheap Composition, easy in its Application, and Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-the Expence not exceeding Five Guineas, in eradicating mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall the Weevils, Maggots, Spiders, and Cockroaches, out appear to them, to the House:

of a First Rate Man of War; and further Setting forth. That on a late Interview with Captain Dalrymple, of His Majesty's Ship The Union, that Gentleman was pleased to acquaint the Petitioner, that only One Man had been lick out of 750, during the Summer's Campaign, which Captain Dalrymple entirely attributed to the Petitioner's Invention for the Preservation of Dry Provisions, and the same is confirmed b7 Copies of V01.. 38.

And it is referred to Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Burke, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; andbavePower to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Bread and Dry Stores which have been returned as damaged, and rendered unfit for

Use;

Account of Stores returned as; damaged,

312

ai° — 22° .

A. 17$i.

Members nor to be

concerned in Contracts,

Use, l>v Weevils and other Infects, on board His Majesty's Ships of War, since the ill of January 177^ 5 distinguishing each Year.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,' upon the Bill for retraining any Person, being aMem-ber of the House of Commons, from being concerned himself, or any Person in Trull for him, in any Contrail made by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, the Commissioners of the Navy, the Board of Ordnance, or by any other Person or Persons, for the Public Service, unless the said Contrail shall be made at a public Bidding;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

T , r ., \y (Sir John Invine, 7

Tellers for the Noes^ j . J

IOO.

120.

j Sir John Invine,

I Mr. John Robinson:

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Six Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Importation of Flax,

- &c.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit the Importation of Flax and Flax Seed into this Kingdom, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, navigated with Foreign Mariners, during the present Hostilities;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Eleaions; The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Revenue ^ea(^'ng of ^ie Bill for better feeuring the Freedom of OfficersTrom Elections of Members to farve in Parliament, by dif-voting. ahling certain Officers employed in the Collection or Management of His Majesty's Revenues, from giving their Votes at such Elections;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

86.

C Mr. Crewe, 7

91 Lord John Cavendish: j

TellersforfcNo.33-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Six Months.

; A Message from: the Lords by Mr. Montagu and

Mr. Leeds:

Mr; Speaker,

Grampound The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Road. to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Eastern End of the Borough of Grampound, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Saint Aujlell and Lostwithiel, and from thence to the East End of The Western Taphouse Lane, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

Supply Bill t iThe Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Lottery, Sic. Act for raising a certain.Sum, by Way of Annuities and a Lottery; and for consolidating certain Annuities, which were made One Joint Stock by an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, with certain Annuities consolidated by several Acts made in the Tw enty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; without any Amendment- And also.

Supply Bit; Militia.

Land TaX Cotemirtiouu*.

Tripe's

Name.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cl oat King of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act, for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, cc An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a " Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred <c and Eighty-one;" without any Amendment: Andalfo,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Tripe, Clerk, and the Heirs male of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Swete; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, To-morro'vv Morn- Supply BUI; ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Duties on upon the Bill for repealing the Discounts and Abate- Toi)acco* ments upon certain Foreign Goods, and for granting additional Duties upon Tobacco and Sugar imported into Great Britain.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Supply Bill; Excise Duties.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Excise in Great Britain.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 2° die Mdrtii j

Anno 2i° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

AMESSA GE from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreeckto the Bill, intituled, An AcP Encoumgpment for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the morel of Scan'en-speedy and effectual Manning llis Majesty's Navy without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingossed Bill for improving the Navigation of Bourn Eau the River called Bourn Eau, from the Town of Bourn Navigation, to its Junction with the River Glen, at a Place called Tongue End, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time. 1

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for improving the Navigation of the River called Bourn Eau, from the Town of Bourn, to its Junction with the River Glen, at a Place called Tongue End, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Sib thorp do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The

2i Geo. III. 2 2°

rtn'on

llU

>rtntion

Lc.

oney

dleton

ofure.

so from ley to

pcoo

Huai

The House was moved. That the On'ier, made upon Monday fall, for the House to resolve itl'eif into a Committee of the whole House upon that Day Sevennight* upon the Bill for further regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grainy within several Ports and Places therein mentioned, might be read. s

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order bo discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be transmitteci to a Select Committee:

And a Committee was appointed accordingly, of Mr. Srbthorp, Mr. Pochin,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; anu all who come to the Committee, are to have Voices.

Mr. Curzon reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Middleton, in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the a.-ph of April 3774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Lijler reported from the Committee, tq whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of " Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York,

" throughOtley, Skipton, Colne, and Blackburn,

" to Burscough Bridge, in Walton, in the County of " Lancaster, and from Skiptonthrough and

" Clilheroc, to Prcjion, in the said County of Lancaster,"

as relates to the Districts of Road leading from to Skipton in the County of York, from Skipton to in the County of Lancaster, and from Skipton to in the said County, and of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, "Merchants, Tradesmen, and oilier Inhabitants of the said respective Counties of York and Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed; and also the Petition of several of the Iruf-tees appointed to put in Execution so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of ins late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from " the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the " County of York, through Otley, S',inton, Colne,

" ley, and Blackburn, to Bu Bridge in " in the County of Lancaster, and from Skipton, through

" Gisburn and Clitheroe, to in the said County of Lancaster," as relates to the Difiricts of Road

leading from Otley to Skipton, in the County of York,

from Skipton to Clitheroe, in the County of and from Skipton to Colne in the said County, and of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the said respective Y01. 38.

Counties of York and Lancaster, whole Names are thereunto respectively subscribed; and also the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of iiis late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Roads from the Town of Leeds, in the " West Riding of the County of through Otley,

" Skipton, Colne, Buntlev, and , to

" Bridge in Walton, in the County of Lancaster, and " from Skipton, through Gisburn and to Pres-

" Ion, in the f.vid County of as relates to

the Districts of Road leading from Otley to Skipton in the County of York, from Skipton to Clitheroe in the County of Lancojier, and from Skipton to Colne in the said County, and of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of tire said respective Counties of York and Lancaster, whose Names are thereuntorespectively subscribed, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined; and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Alcock being examined, said, the Trustees for the Care of the above described Districts of Road from OlLy to Skipton, from Skipton to Clitheroe, and from Skipton to Colne, have regularly executed the said Act, as far as relates to those Roads — That a considerable Progress hath been made in amending the same; in doing which the Tolls, together with a largo Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly applied — That the Debt Co contracted cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be completely amend-, ed and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act, as far as they relate to them, are continued and enlarged, and fume additional Tolls granted.

And being further examined, lie said, That it would be a Convenience to t he Neighbourhood, and of public Utility, if Power were given to alter the Com fe of the said Roads in feme Places, particularly if the Road from Otley to Skipton were diverted from to

Skipton, by extending the same from a certain House in Addingham, now occupied by Henry in a di-

rect Line as near as may be, to and through the Town or Vill age of Draughton, in, through, and over Lands and Property severally belonging to the said Henry Harrison, William Bramley, and others, the Executors of the late Mr. Maorhouse, John Marfden, Esquire, Elizabeth Alcock, Spinster, his Grace the Duke of Devonshire, John Coulthurst, Esquire, the Right hono rable Sir John Goodrich, and Henry Scot, Esquire; and from Draughlon aforesaid to Skipton, by way of the present Highway, except where it will be necessary to deviate a little therefrom into the Lands contiguous, belonging to the Right honourable the Earl of Thanet, for the Purpose of making the Road of easier Ascent.

Ordered, That. Leave be given to bring in a Rill for continuing the Perm, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening' certain Roads therein described, as relate to the Roads from Otley to Skipton in the County of York, from Skipton to Clilheroc in the County of Lancaster, and from Skipton to Colne in the said County: And that Mr. Lijler, Sir George Savile, and Mr. D unco mb e, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

4 L A Message

Royal Assent to Bills.

314

22® Martii. A. 1781.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis,

Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House, to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended His Majesty, in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Afl'ent to the several Public and Private Bills following;

An Act for raising a certain Sum by Way of Annuities and a Lottery; and for consolidating certain Annuities, which were made One Joint Stock by an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, with certain Annuities consolidated by several Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-fiJcth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty:

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-

filth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one:

An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one

An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty's Navy:

An Act for rendering effectual an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Stmv, in the County of Suffolk:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending,

" widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads " therein mentioned, lying in the Counties of Leicester and Warwick, and in the County of the City

" of Coventry An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to repairing and widening the Roads from Deanburn Bridge, through Greenlaw and Part of the Jedburgh Road, by Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to in the' County of Durham:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from a certain Gate on the Turnpike Road at or near the South End of the Town of Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road on Kidlington Green, in the said County:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, lying in the Counties of Derby, Leicester, and Warwick, and for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road branching from Part of the said Roads between Me {/ham.,in the said County of and Burton upon

Trent, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road at or near The Bull's Head Alehouin Tivxjcross, in the said County of Leicester:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Eastern End of the Borough of Gram-pound, in the County of Corn, through the Towns 18

of Saint Aujtell and Lojhoithicl, and from thence to the

East End of The WesternTaphouse Lane, in the said

County:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, of and within the Parish of Chick lade, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and -Waste Grounds within the Manor and Pa-rith of Ddlorn, otherwise Dilhorne, in the County of

Stafford. !

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Discounts and Abate- 0 co* ments upon certain Foreign Goods; and for granting additional Duties upon Tobacco and Sugar imported into Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-inoitow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Exci(e DutK*-upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Excise in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Tripe'* to enable John Tripe, Clerk, and the Heirs Male of his Name. Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Swele, <

was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into further Considerar- Southmokot, tion, the Report which, upon the 15th Day of this In- Roads; ilant March, was made from the Committee to whom,

the Report was re-committed, which was made from ' r the Committee to whom the Petition of the Trustees* appointed to carry into Execution several Acts, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of Southmollon, in the County of Devon; and also the Petition of John Sharland, of Southmollon, in the County of Devon, Gentleman, were severally referred.

And the Resolutions of the said Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Reverend Richard having

been declared by this House, to be the Contriver, Promoter, and Prosecutor of a frivolous and vexatious Petitition, and highly injurious to the said and that his Conduct in so doing has been scandalous. and malicious, be brought to the Bar of this House,

Tomorrow

4

£i Geo. Ill, I'f — ^30 Martii. 3* 5

'Tomorrow Morning, in Custody of the Serjeant St Arms attending this House, in order to hij being reprimanded by Mr. Speaker for his said Offence.

Several Amendments were proposedtobe made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " brought to the " Bar of this House, Tomorrow Morning, in" and inserting the Words "taken into the" in (lead thereof; and by leaving out the Words "in order to his being reprimanded by Mr. Speaker."

And the Question being put, That the Words " brought to the Baj' of this House, tomorrow Morning, in" Hand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the WoMs" taken " into the" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " in tf order to his being reprimanded by Mr. Speaker," Hand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the Reverend Richard , hav-

ing been declared by this House, to be the Contriver, Promoter, and Prosecutor of a frivolous and vexatious Petition, and highly injurious to the said John,

and that his Conduct in so doing has been scandalous and malicious, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his said Offence.

Edinburgh Mr. Frederick Montagu, from the Select Committee who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Perition of Sir Lawrence Dundas, Baronet; and also the Petition of the Right honourable the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, of the City of Edinburgh; and also the Petition of several Electors for the City of Edinburgh; severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City; informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That William Miller, Esquire, is not duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Edinburgh:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That Sir Lazvrence Dundas, Baronet, ought to have been returned a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City of Edinburgh:

And also. That the said Select Committee have de-| termined,

| That the said Sir Lazvr Baronet, is duly

: elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City of Edinburgh. j And the said Determinations were ordered to be en-

tered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do at-

tend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the last Return for the City of Edinburgh, and amend the fame, by rafing out the Name of William Miller, Esquire, and inserting the Name of Sir Lawrence Dundas, Baronet,

; instead thereof.

Strrtfrrd's Brid e Roads.

Mr. Alderman liar ley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending and widening the Roads leading from Si re fjord's Bridge, in the County of Hereford, to The Nezc Inn, in the Parish of

in the County of Salop-, and also the Road/rom Blue Mantle Ilall, near Mortimer'sto

in the said County of Herefoand for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Mortimer's CroJ's to And the same was received.

Vol. -8.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Harley have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Minchin have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better and more effectual making up, and laying before Parliament, the Accounts of the Sums expended for building, re-building, and Repairs of His Majesty's Slnps of War in His Majesty's Dock Yards, and other Dock Yards in Great Britain;

The House was moved* That the Entry in the Journal of the House of the 26th Day of February 1739, of the Motion, " That to apply* towards defraying the ‘f ordinary Charge of His Majesty's Navy, or to any

Head contained in theordinary Estimatethereof, any " Sum of Public Money, exceeding the Sum granted " by Parliament for that Purpose, is a Misapplication, " and ought to he prevented," which passed in the Negative, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better and more effectual making up, and laying before Parliament, the Accounts of the Sums expended for building, re-building, and Repairs of His Majesty's Ships of War in His Majesty's Dock Yards, and other Dock Yards in Great;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yes, jj . } 45-

Tellers for the Noe, f }

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 23°;

Anno 21* Georgii III. Regis, 1781.

Pba YEHS.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Sir , Baronet,

complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Ayr, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Sixteen Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration. And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which bad been

before

Accounts of building Ships, &e.

Ayr

Ele&kuii

316 230 Martii. . 1781.

before prepared) and put into Six Glades, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Six Mem bprs, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Lord Advocate of Scotland being drawn, he was nominated to serve ou the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioner, and his Name was set alide.

And the Names of Twenty-two other Members, then present, were drawn,' Who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir Archibald Baronet,

being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; and having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Twenty-one other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That, in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Thirty-four other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who n;ere absent from the House; Four, on Account of their being. Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; Ten, on Account of their being Members against whose Beturns Petitions were depending; One, onAc-count. of his being a Petitioner to this House, t complaining of an undue Election and Return;

Thirteen, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees; and Six, on Account of their havingalready in this Session of Parliament served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete, the Counsel for the Sitting Member nominated Thomas Dundas, Esquire, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Account Ordered, That the Account of the Annual Imports v ,.of and Exports of Verdigrease, from Christmas 1760 to er igrta c. Christmas 1778 inclusive, be referred to the Committee

to whom the Petition of John William Anderson, John Hopkins, and William Bartlet, Merchants and Proprietors of the Works established at Newnham in Gloucestershire, for the Manufacture of Verdigrease, is re-feired.

Edinburgh The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, accord-EleOivn. jn«, to Order, with the last Return for the City of Edinburgh;

'Fhe House was moved, That the Order made Yesterday, for the Deputy Clei£ of the Crown to amend the said Return, by rafing out the Name of William Miller, Esquire, and inserting the Name of'Sir Lawrence Dundas, Baronet, instead thereof, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Mr. Frederick Montagu, who was Chairman of the - Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of , acquainted

the House, That the Return upon which the said Select Committee had determined that Sir '

Baronet, was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, was not the Indenture of Return now in the Hands of the Clerk of the Crown; but was an Indenture of Return executed by John Dundas, Conjun^ Clerk of the said City, and which had been by the said John Dundas tendered to the Sheriff Depute of the Shire of Edinburgh, but had not been by him annexed to the Writ for the said City; and that the said Return, exe-H

culed by the said John Dundas, had been by him produced to the said Committee.

And Mr. Frederick Montagu delivered the said last mentioned Indenture of Return in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That so much of the Order made Yesterday, as directs the Deputy Clerk of the Crown to amend the last Return for the City of Edinburgh, by rafing out the Name of William Miller, Esquire, and inserting the Name of Sir Lawrence Dundas, Baronet, instead thereof, be discharged.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do amend the said Return, by taking off the File the Indenture of Return annexed to the Writ for the City of Edinburgh, and by annexing thereto the Indenture of Return executed by the said John Dundas, and now delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Deputy Clerk of the Crown amended the said Return accordingly.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Com- Supply BID mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repeal- Tobacco? ing the Discountsand Abatements upon certain Foreign Goods; and for granting additional Duties upon Tobacco and Sugar imported into Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House*; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with tho Amendments, in at the Clerk'sTable: Where the Amend-ments were Once read throughout; and then aSecond Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, we.v agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Excilc ** granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Excise in Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the . Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Fable: Where the Amendments were Once throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

A Petition of the Reverend Richard Bazcden, Clerk, Sotahuinlron was presentetl to the House, and read; Setting forth, Condutf of That the Petitioner, in consequence of the Resolutiou Mr. suari*»A of the House, did last Night surrender himself, and is now in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; and that he unhappily finds himself declared by the House to be " the Contriver, Promoter, and Prose-u cutor, ofafrivolousand vexatious Petition, and highly " injurious to Jahn Sharlandy Gentleman, and that his " Condutt in so doing is scandalous and malicious and that the Petitioner doth, with all Humility, submifc himself to ths Determination of the House, for the Dignity of which he ever did, and frill doth, entertain the highest Veneration, and is truly and deeply concerned at having ir.eunvd the Displeasare thereof, ‘and promises never to in< nr the like by any future Part of his Conduct: And therefore praying* That in Consideration of the heavy Incomeuiencies attending his present Confinement, he may be discharged out of* the Custodyof the said Serjeant at Arm-.

Ordered, That t he said Reverend Richard Bare den be now brought to the Bar of this House, in order to his* being discharged.

lie

ai Geo. lit. 23® — 26s

3!7

He was brought in accordingly, arid reprimanded by Mr. Speaker, and discharged, paying his Fees.

Amount of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an imponed Account of all the Br Plantation Tobacco which " has been imported into the several Torts of Great Britain

from the BritisliWejl Iiulia I Hands, which appears by the Clearances not to have been of the Growth or Produce of those Islands, nor Prize Tobacco, for the Four lad Years, ending 25th December last.

( Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Trade to Account of all the Goods and Merchandize which have St. Euftatius jjeen entered out, and of all the Ships and Veflets which have been cleared out, from the several Ports of Great Britain, for the Dutch Islands of St. Euftatius and St. Martin, in The West , for the Four lad Years,

ending 25th December last.

Election. The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, delivered in to the: House one of the said Lifts, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then re-f main ing unstruck; to which last mentioned Lift the

Names of the Lord Advocate of Scotland and Thomas Dundas, Esquire. being added, the same was called over and is as follows:

Hew Dalrymple, Esquire, Richard Efiquire,

Henry Duncom.be, Esquire, William Esquire,

Charles Turner, Esquire, Henry Esquire, Dud-

ley Long, Esquire, John Manfiell Smith, Esquire, William Praed, Esquire, George Byn Esquire,

Esquire, George Graham, Esquire, Lord Viscount Althorpe, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Thomas Dundas, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Sir Adam Fergujfan, Baronet, bow taken into Consideration, were (worn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

I And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both

Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Third Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Electroris.

The other Orders of the Day bring read; and Means. Refobed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 26° die Martii;

Anno 21® Georgii III1" Regis, 1781. Prayers.

Shaftesbury R. Dempster, from the Select; Committee ap-Election. XVl. pointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Sir George CoKnight, and Hans Wintrop

Mortimer, Esquire; and also the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Borough of otherwise

Shaft esbury, severally complaining of an undue Election Vox, 3$.

and Return for the said Borough; acquainted the House; That, before the Adjournment of the said Committee on Saturday last, Richard Esquire, one of the Members oif the said Select Committee, had informed the said Committee, that he had received a Letter, with an Account of the dangerous Ulness of his Father, and therefore requested, that the House might be informed thereof, in order that he might have Leave to absent himself from any further Attendance upon the said Committee; and that thereupon the said Committee adjourned till this Day at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the said Mr. be discharged from any further Attendance on the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do proceed pursuant to their Adjournment, notwithstanding the Absence of the said Mr. Hill.

Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectually repairing the several Roads leading from The Stone' End in Kent , in

the Par ill) of Saint George, Southwark, to Dartjord, and from The Stone's End in Bermondsey Street to the Turnpike near Saint Thomas a Waterings in the find Parish of Saint George, and from tl*e Turnpike Hoad near Deptford Bridge to The Stone's End in London Street, in the Parish of Eoft Greenwich, and from Tint Six Mile Stone on Blackheuth, near the West End of Greenzoich Park Wall, to Woolwich Warren, and from

The Lime Kilns in Daft Greenwich, to join the Turnpike

Road in the Parish of Lewi/ham, and from New Cross, in the Parish of Deptford, to Well, and from the first Mill Pond at South End, in the said Parish of Leicifham, to the West End of Stroud Greciii

in the Parish of Croydon, and from the Turnpike Road near Lewifham Bridge, to the North End of Burnt Ash Lanq in the Parish of Lee, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey; and for repealing so much of several Acts of Parliament, now in Force as relates to the said Roads, wais committed; That the Committee had* examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone thron gb the Bil 1, and made several Amendrhents thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Whore the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act; to enable John Tripe, Clerk, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use thfe Surname and Arms of Sroete, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Palk, Sir John Dualize, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Lord Parkerpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for building a Bridge over the River Thames, at the Town of Henley upon Thames, in the County of Oxford, and making commodious Avenues thereto; for widening feme Part of The High Street and The Market Place-, for lighting and watching, for regulating the Footways in, and for removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances from, the said Town: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Mellish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for further continuing the several Acts passed for preventing the Fraud and Abuses committed

4 M in

Kent Street to

Dartford,

&c.

Roads.

Tripe's Natat.

Henley

upon Thames

Bridge.

Westminster

Coal

Admeasure-

jnent.

318

in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster., and that Part of the Duchy of Lancajleradjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of

Saint Giles in the Fields and Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint A as lies in the County of Middlesex:And the same was received; and

read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Accounts The House being informed that Mr. Cazvne, Clerk of Mercers Company of Mercers of the City of London, attended Company. at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " The Accounts of the Wardens " and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the " City of London, from the ioth of October 1779 to " the ioth of October 1780; directed to be laid before " each House of Parliament by Two Acts, one of the " Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty " King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of " London," and the other of the Fourth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third,

" intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the Bond and " other Creditors of the Wardens and Commonalty of " the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Cluheroe Mr. Elivcs, from the Select Committee who were ap--e lon* pointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Afshelon Curzon, Esquire; and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others the Electors of the Borough of Clilheroe, in the County of Lancaster-, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That Thomas Lijler, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clitheroe, in the County of Lancaster

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That John Parker, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Clilheroe:

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

upply Bill; Au ingrossed Bill for repealing the Discounts and Tobacco1 Abatements upon certain Foreign Goods, and for grant-v ' ing additional Duties upon Tobacco and Sugar imported into Great Britain, was read the Third Time.

.Rejoiced, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing the Discounts and Abatements upon certain Foreign Goods, and for granting additional Duties upon Tobacco and Sugar imported into Great Britain.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty an Excise Duties. additional Duty upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Excil'e in Great Britain, was read the Third Time.

Rcfoli'cd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon the Produce of the several Dut ies under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Excise in Great Britain.

*9- 1

A. 1781.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to _ _

make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures mp °->ments I of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors: And that Mr. I

Elwesand Sir Harbord Harbord do prepare, and bring I

in, the lame. I

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Stoney I several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor Middleton 1 of Stoney Middleton, in the County of Derby, was read tndofure. I the Third Time. I

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title I

be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several I

Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of I

Stoney Middleton, in the County of Derby. I

Ordered, That Mr. Curzon do carry the Bill to the I

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. I

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Blackford I Commons, or Tracts of Commonable Land, called or I"closure.. I known by the Names oiTealhamMoor, Blackford Moor, I

Blackford Ham, and Hare Pit, within the Manor of I

Blackford, in the Parish of Wcdmore, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to Mr. dc Grey,

Mr. Hunget ford, & c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. 7from Copper the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the exported. Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pVefcnted to the House, pursuant to their Order, 1

An Account of all Copper exported from the Out Ports of England, distinguishing the Ports, finoe t.he Commencement of the Act of the Twentieth of George the Third, Chapter 59th,1 intituled, "An Act to impower His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and " to restrain the carrying Coastwise, of Copper in Bars,

" or Copper in Sheets, for a limited Time;" distin-gu-shing the Quantities exported in Bars and in Sheets, 1

and the Names of the Persons by whom the respective 1

Entries were made, and for what Places. j

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other

Papers of this Session. 1

Mr. Duncombereported from the Committee, to whom Ired*

the- Petition of several of the Trustees appointed for to 'Otley 1

the Care of the District of Road leading from the Road-

Town of Leeds to the Town of Otlin the West Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; sind had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Leeds to the Town of Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York, and the several other Districts of Roads in the said Act mentioned, was read: And,

Mr. James Hebden being examined, said. That the Trustees for the District of Road between the said Town

of

26° Martii.

Offices*

and

Balifix Road from Southgate, &c.

Importation / Flax* &c.

Coventry

Special

Heroin.

Leeds from OtJev ro Skipton Road.

Quartering of Soldier*, &c.

21 Geo. Ill- 260 Marlii. 319

of Leeds and Otley have borrowed several Sums of Persons engaged in Businesses whereby they are subject Money upon the Credit of the Tolls arising within the to the Burthen of quartering Soldiers, on Behalf of said District, which have been applied in repairing the themselves and all others engaged in the like Businesses, said Road, and the other Purposes of the said Act — was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of That the Term of the Act is near expiring; and that the present Mode of quartering Soldiers, and of the the Money now owing cannot be repaid, nor the Road Hardships which the Petitioners allege they labour unkept in Repair, unless the Term is further continued, der, from the great Number of Horses and Soldiers and some further and other Powers granted. quartered upon them: And praying the House to take

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill to the Grievances of the Petitioners, and others in the like enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Businesses, into Consideration; and grant such Reliefin Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

King George the Second, for repairing several Roads, Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the so far as relates to the Road from Leeds to Otley, in the Table.

West Riding of the County of York: And that Mr.

Duncombe and Sir George Saviledo prepare, and bring A Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, made.in Stretford'* in, the fame. , the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty ®ridf>e

King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for oa Mr.. Z)www«/>c presented to the House, according to "amending and widening the Roads leading from Order, a Bill for veiling Part of a certain Close called Stretford's Bridge, in the County of to The

Sketch Field, otherwise Vicar's Field, Parcel of the Lands " Nezv Inn, i n the Parish of in the County

belonging to the Vicarage of Halifax, in the County of " of Salop; and also the Road from Blue Mantle,

York, in Trustees, for the Purpose of making a con- " near Mortimer'sCrofs, to in the said County

venient Road fromaStrect called Southgate, in the Town " of Hereford-, and for repealing so much of an Act,

of Halifax, over and through the said Close to the " made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His Public Hal! lately erected in the said Town of Halifax, " present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Morti-called The Manufacturer's Hall; :uid to enable the Vicar " vier' ," was read a Second of the Parish of Halifax, and his Successors, to grant Time.

Building Leases of the other Parts of the said Close RefThat the Bill be committed to Mr. Alder-' and for the other Purposes therein mentioned: And the man Mr. Tote n/Itend, &c: And they are to meet

fame was received; and read the First Time. this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit the Importation of Flax and Flax Seed into this Kingdom, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, navigated with Foreign Mariners, during the present Hostilities;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of Thomas Noxon and Thomas Butler, late Sheriffs of the City of Coventry, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, having been found guilty of a high Violation of the Law, and agrofs Breach of the Privileges of this House for not having made any Return of Members to serve in Parliament at the last General Eleciion for the said City, were, for the said Offence, committed to His Majesty's Gaol of Nczvgalc; and that the Petitioners were afterwards discharged by the House from the said Gaol, and committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, where they still remain confined; and that the Petitioners are thoroughly sensibleof the great Offence they have been guilty of, and humbly beg Pardon of the House for the fame: And therefore praying that they may be discharged from their Confinement.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Noxon and Thomas Butler be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to their being discharged.

Mr: Lifer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the 'Perm, and altering and enlarging the Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads therein described, as relate to the Roads from Otley to Skiptonin the County of York, from ton to Clitheroe in the County of 'after, and from Skipton to Colne in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Innholders, Victuallers, and

Vol. 38.

Mr. Poivysreported from the Committee, to whom Little

the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Harrowden Open Fields, Meadows, Commouable Lauds, and Waste Inclosure. Grounds, in the Parish of Little Harrowden, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure had been coniolied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 114 Acres of Land, who refused tolign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed, consists of 1,509 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committeejtooppose the Bill;) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Whejre the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Filzhugh, from Administr«ii<m-

the I)i rectors of the East India Company, attended at of Justice the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, present- 111 ed to the House, pursuant to their Order, *

A printed Book, intituled, " Bengal Narrative:" And also,

A printed Book intituled, <c Bengal Appendix."

And then he withdrew.

And the Tit les of the said Books were read.

Ordered, That the said Books he referred to the Selcft Committee, to whom the Petition of John Touchet and John Irving, Agents for the British Subjects refilling in the Provinces of Bengal Bahar, and Oriffa, and their several Dependencies, w hose Names are subscribed to the Petition thereinafter let forth; and also the Petition of l.Vurrut Ilajlings* F.squire, Governor General, and of

Philip

320

i6° — if Martiu

A* i j81«

Philip Francis and E dioar d Wheler> Esquires, Coiinfel-lors for the Government of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal; are referred.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Motion A Motion was made, and the Question being put, respectfngthe That a Committee be appointed to examine into the late Loan. Circumstances of the late Loan, to form Estimates of the Value thereof, and to report the same to the House.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas f ^r*

1 eliers for the X eas, Mf.

' Tellers for the Noes \ Lilburne* l2oa

1 eliers for the J209'

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Means. Morning next, resolve itself. into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House, having continued to fit till Half an Hour after Twelve of the Clock on Tuefdai) Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Martis, 2j° die Martii;

Anno 2i° Georgii IIIUI Regis, 1781. Prayers.

EUftion HP H E Hour appointed for taking into Considera-lon* JL tion the Petition of John Fenton, Esquire; and

also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being In-Burgesses, Inhabitants within, and Electors of Representatives to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Preston, in the County of Lancaster, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Seventeen Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six GlalTes, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Twenty-three Members, then pre-font, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And tbfe is/ame of the honourable Charles James Fox being drawn, he was iiommated to serve on the said.

Select Committee by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, and his Name was set a(ide.

And the Names of Four other Members, tlieu present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Thomas Orde, Esquire* being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioners* and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Twenty-two other Members, tliea present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Notey That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Thirteen other Members, then present, were drawn, and set alide with the Names of those who were absent from the House; One, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age or upwards, which he had before verified upon Oath; One, on Account of his being a Member against whose Return Petitions were depending; Seven, on Account of theirthen serving on Select Committees; and Four, on Account of their having already, in this Session of Parliament, served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete. Lilts of the said Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

the Right honourable Sir Lawrence Dnndasy Baronet, Richmond being chosen a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament t vv*iu for the City of Edinburgh, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Richmond, in the County of York, made his Election to serve for the said City of Edinburgh.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Richmond, in the County of York, in the room of the said Sir Lawrence Dundas %

Baronet.

Lord Charles Spencer, from the Select Committee, Honitoa who were appointed to try and determine the Merits Ek&imw of the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hon if on, in the County of Devon, complaining of am undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That Alexander Macleod, Esquire, is not d uly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon:

And also, That the said Committee have determined.

That Lawrence Coxy Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon:

And also, That the said Committee have determined,

That the last Election for the Borough of Honiton, it*

County of Devon, is void, with respect to one of the Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be Entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing ofa Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, in the room of Alexiuider Macleod, Esquire, whose Electio2l for the said Borough has beea determined to be void.

A11 ingrossed Bill for declaring certain Provisions of General an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Ma- Turnpike jesty, relating to the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Aa* Great Britain called England^ to extend to ah AOs made,

and

Stepney and Hackney Court of Record*

Leeds

to

Otley

Road*

Oxford

Streets.

21 Geo. III.

2f Ma

ir

and to be made, for repairing Roads subsequent to the Palling of the said A el, was read the Third Time.

Befvlved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for declaring certain Provisions of an A6R made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, to extend to all Acts made, and to be made, for repairing Roads, subsequent to the Palling of the said Act.

Ordered, That Sir William Codvington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for diminishing the Fees payable, and altering the Mode of Proceeding, in the Court of Record, within the Manors oi'Stepneyand Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, the Hamlets and Liberties of the fame, was read a Second Time.

Refokcd, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Byngy Mr. Toicnjhend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afters noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing feve-rai Roads, so far as relates to the Rond from Leeds' to Otley, in the Wed Riding of the County of 1 ork: And the same was received; and read the FirllTime. Tufolvedy That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Page reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several acting Commissioners named and appointed in and by an Act, made and passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

" An Act for amending certain of the Mileways lead-u ing to Oxford; for making a commodious Entrance ‘c through the Pari Hi of Saint Clement; for rebuilding cc or repairing 'Magdalen Bridge; for making commo-Kt diotis Roads from the said Bridge through the Uni-<c verlity and City, and the Avenues leading thereto;

for cleaning and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and «c Places, within the said Lniverfity and City, and the <c Suburbs thereof, aucl the Paridi o f Saint Clement; for cc removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and " preventing the like for the future; for impowering Colleges and Corporations to alienate their Edatcs " there;.for removing, holding, and regulating. Markets within the said City; and for other Purposes," whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the Committee, named and appointed in pursuance of the said Act, for removing, holding, and regulating*such Markets was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the 'Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Thomas Walker, Esquire, informed your Committee, That the Commissioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, by building a new Bridge near Magdalen College, and making a commodious Entrance into and through the said Vniyerfity'and City; and have caused the principal Street to be new paved, and the Streets in general to be lighted* and cleared from Nni-fances.

That they have expended a large Sum of Money in erecting a new Market; but that some further Powers are wanted for the Regulation thereof, it being necessary that the Proportion of Rates and Taxes to be paid on account of the Shops and other Places within the said Market, as also the Mode of afie fling the fame, should. be ascertained by Law. )

And the Witness further said. That it would lie of great Advantage to the Inhabitants, and to all Per (bus Vol. 38.

resort ing to the said City, if Powers were given for paving and keeping in Repair all the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the said City and Suburbs, and for widening some Parts thereof, by taking-down Housesr and other Buildings.

And he added, That in order to complete the Purposes of the said Act, it null be necessary that the Term thereof should be enlarged, and some further Powers granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present MajestyV Reign, for amending certain of the Mile Ways leading to Oxford; for making a commodious Entrance through the Parish of Saint Clement; for rebuilding or repairing Magdalen Bridge; for making coin most ions Roads from the said Bridge through the University and City, and the Avenues leading thereto; for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and Places, within the said University and City, and the Suburbs thereof, and the said Parish of Saint Clement; for removingNuilancesand Annoyaribes therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; for empowering Colleges.and Corporations to alienate theif . Estates there; for removing, holding,'and' regulating Markets within the said City; and for othqr Purposes: And that Mr. Page and Sir William Do then do prepare, and bring in, the lame,

Thomas Noxon and Thomas Butler, late Sheriffs of the City of Coventry, were, according to Order, brought to the Bar: Where they received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and were ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying their Fetfs.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all the British Plantation Tobacco which has been imported into the several Ports of Great Britain, from the British West India I Hands, which appeal's by the Clearances not to have been of the Growth or'ProT duce ofthofe Islands, nor Prize Tobacco, for the Three last Months, ending the 25th t)ay of this Instant March.

The Counsel and Agents beforementianed being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, delivered in so the Jloufe One of the said Lifts, which had been 11 ruck, by the said Chunfei in his Presence, together:with a new Lilt of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unftruek; to which last mentioned Lift, the Names of the honourable Charles James Fox and Thomas Orde, ' Esquire, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

John Elxves, Esquire, the honourable Willi dm Hanger, John llolle, Esquire, Anthony Storer, Esquire, Humphrey Sibthorp, Esquire, Abel Smith, Esquire, Sir 11 arbord 11arbord. Baronet, John Parker, of Clitheroe, Esquire, John Webb, Esquire, Sir George Cornewall, Baronet, Lord ‘ Viscount Duncamion, Sir Charlton Leighton, Baronet, Sir William Lemon, Baronet, the honourable Charles James Fox, Thomas Orde, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of John Fenton, Esquire; and also the Petition of the several Persons whoseNames are thereunto subscribed, being tn-Burgofles, Inhabitants within, and Electors of Representatives to serve in Parliament for, the Borough of Preston, in the County of Lancaster, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the ufiiri Manner.

And thereupon the Cotinfel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said SeleH Committee do meet forthwith in the Court of Chancery, in Westminster Hull,

Ordered, That the Bill for erecting a new Gaol and 4 N House

Coventry

Election.

Account of Tobacco

imported.

Preston

Election.

Clouet fter

Enfham

Inclosure.

Oxford

Streets.

Petition

respecting

Smuggling.

Timworth

ftoadt.

32a 27° — 28

House of Correction, and for removing certain Gate-, wajrs, in the City of Gloucester; and for amending the several Acts passed for the Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the said City* and lighting, paving, and regulating the Streets there, be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till To^rhomnV Morning. Ten of the Clock.

Merciiriiy 28°;

Anno 21* Georgii III*" Regis, 1781.

P R A Y E X S.

A PETITION of Sir Ham Jones, Baronet, was

presented to the House^ and read; i'aking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Lands called EnfhamHeath and Old Coppicewithin the Parish of Enfhaki, in the County of Oxford, and for

setting out Part thereof for a Common Pasture, and for regulating the Stint of the said Pasture; and Setting ‘forth, That the said Bill contains divers Powers and Provisions which, if carried into a Law', will be highly injurious to the Property of the Petitioner and others in the said Parish: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may afreet him; and that the same may not pass as it now stands, or that he may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet* Ordered,'Phat the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Iristruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Couhfel to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Page presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the 'Perm and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending certain of the Mile Ways leading to Oxford j for making a commodious Entrance through the Parish of Saint Clement; for rebuilding or repairing Magdalen Bridge; for making commodious Roads from the said Bridge, through the University and City, and the Avenues leading thereto; for cleansing and lighting tire Streets, Lanes, and Places, within the said University and City, and the Suburbs thereof, and the said Parish of Saint Clement -, for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; for empowering Colleges and Corporations to alienate their Estates there; for removing, holding, and regulating Markets within the said City; and for other Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to corifider of the Petition of the Owners of Ships belonging to, and trading from, the Port of in the County of Durham, residing on SFiore;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee^ to

*9

'Martii. 1781.

whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Higll Roads from thfe Borough of Tdmioorlh to Ashby-dc-la-Zotick, in the County of Ixkefttr, and from Sawley Feriyt in the said County, to a Turnpike Gate at or near the End df Swarcliff Lane, leading to, and in the Parish of, Ashby-de-la-Zouch aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to rdpost to the Htiufe; and he read the Report in his Place; arid afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendchents, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Artiendments tvdre Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Onej and, upon the Question federally pdt there-updri, wdre agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Mcfrage from the Ldrds, by Mr. Pepys and Mf.

Hett:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Adfc Wed wood for Continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Pow'eri, of an Act, made in the Twerity-seventh Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from iVeJiwood Gate, in the Parish of,

in the County of Bedford, through the Towns df Ru/h-den and Higham Ferrers, and over Artleboroiigh Bridge,

to the Turnpike Road in Barton Seagrave Lane, in the Parish of Barton Seagrave, in the County ton; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Ap LaonceHo# Act for continuing and amending an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping hi Repair, several Roads leading to the Borough of iii the County of Cornwall; without arty Amendment:

And allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Complrtinj Act for keeping the Ylilitia Forces of this Kingdom Militi*. complete, during the Time therein mentioned, and for regulating the Admission of Substitutes, to serve in the Militia; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as fbljowfcth; viz.

Press 3, Line 44. Leave out from the Word " mentioned'v to the End of the Bill.

Ih the Title of the Bill. Leave out from the Word " mentioned " to the End of the Title.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to ihe Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

S\v Harbor d IJarbord presented to the House, according Coventry to Order, a Bill for the better regulating Elections of Bleak*. Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of Coventry, in the County o {Warwick:And the same was received

and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time,

Upon

Silt used in making Karine Acid.

ffeftfninster Coal Ad-Bnfurcment.

Ditto*

si Geo. III. 28° Mart313

upon Monday Sevenhight, the 9th Day of April next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the taking off the Duties on such foul Salt as shall be used in the making of Marine Acid and Fixed Alkali.

A Bill for further continuing the several Acts passed for preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals, Within the City and Libert}* of WefMlijier, and that Part of the Dutchy of

ceftradjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Gibes in the Fields and Saint Many le Bon, and such Part of the Patifll of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

ReJ'olvtd, That the Bill be committed to Mr. lijli, Mr. Jackson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and allj who come to the Committee, are to have Voices.

A Petition of John Paulin and John , the

priticipal Land Coal Meters of the City and Liberty of Wefihtinjlbr, Was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend the Clause in the Act of the Thirty-second of George the Second, which directs that none of the Provisions of that Act, or of the Acts of the Nineteenth Tear of the same Reign, respecting the Payment of ahy Money for the Metage of Coals, or the Punishmfent of the Perfofls therein named, shall take Place, unless the Buyer of such Coals shall, by Notice given in Writing, require the Attendance of the Coal Meter, has, in many Irtllances, tended to the Prejudice of the Public and the Fair Trader, and the Prevention of the Petitioners in the Execution of their Office, in as much as the Purchasers of Coals are, in a great measure, unacquainted With that Clause, and as many Dealers have there by been enabled to practise the Frauds, for the Prevention of which the Coal Meters Office Was erected, and in the conducting of Which the Petitioners are compelled, under a f&Vere Penalty, and at a very great Expence, Without the Certainty Of being repaid, location LabOUringCoal Meters at the established Wharfs in the City and Liberty of Westminster, where the Meters frequently observe the mofl Tcandalous Frauds ttanfafted irt the Measurement of Coals, yet, if they appear to take arty Notice of them, or attempt to prevent such Frauds, they are driven off the Craft, and threatened to be prosecuted as Trespasser, under the Pretence that the Petitioners are not authorized to inspect the Measurement of Coals, where the Buyer has not signified in Writing his Desire to have the Attendance of the Meter; and that the Petitioners apprehend t he abovementioned Evils might be remedied, and an Option Hill left with the Purchaser (and of which he may be fully appHfed) of having his Coals ttleted or hot, if, in liett Of that ClaUlfe it Wfere Cuafted, that all the Provisiotts contained in the same Acts, relating to the Metage of Coals, shall be in Force, unless the Seller offndi Coals flmll deliver to the Labouring Coal Meter Rationed at the Wharf, a Notice, signed or subscribed by the Buyer, signifying his Intention not to have the Coals irteted; and tire Petitioners also apprehend, that the following Regulations respecting the Coal Merchants, their Fillers, and Carmen, and the Sacks used by them, will be of still further Advantage to the Public; viz. That Penalties more adequate to the Offence, and more eafrly to be recovered, be inflicted on the Coal Merchant, in case of short Measure, whether the Coals have been meted or not; that the Fillers should be subject to Penalties as well as the Labouring Meters, in case of short Measure; that the Size of the Sacks beenlarged, and the Mouths properly secured by the Carmen, and so preferred till Delivery,

Vol. 38.

under proper Penalty; that the Carmen shall be obliged to attend the Re-admeasurement of Coals, if required, and to deliver their Tickets before the Shooting of the Coals: And the Petitioners suggest, that, if the following Regulations respecting the Execution of the Coal Meters Office, which the Petitioners! now voluntarily practise, were directed under the Authority of Parliament, they would give further Satisfaction to the Public, and be of Utility, as well to the Seller as to the Purchaser of Coals; viz. That there be a Meter appointed, at the Request of the Purchaser, to re-measure, without. Fee or Reward, any Coals which have been previously measured at the W harfs, or, tinder certain Regulations, to attend the Admeasurement of them at the Purchaser's House in the first Instance; and that the Meters shall keep proper Entries of all Coals that are measured tinder the Inspection of the Office, which Buyers and Sellers shall have Liberty to examine, and have Certificates of any Transaction delivered to them gratis; and further, that the principal Coal Meters for the Time being do deliver an Annual Account to the House of all the Transactions of the Office on Oath: And therefore praying the House to take these Matters into Coniidetation, and to do therein as to them ffiaj! seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Mr. Buncombe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Parishes of Halifax, Bailey, Mir field,

Hartisheadertrh Clifton, Almondbilry, Kirkheaton, Kirk-bnrton, and Huddersfield, anti the Lord ship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of1 For A-, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report ih his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same Was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Art Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled;

" An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the " Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as

relates to the more eafyand speedy Recovery of Small " Debts, within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford,

" Kigliley, Bingley, Gufeley, Calverley, Batley,

" Mirfield, Hartishead cum Clifton, Almondbury, -

" hcaton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and tire Lord-

" ship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the " County, of York, and for granting other Powers for " those Purposes; and for extending the Jurisdiction " of the Court Baron of the Manor of Kighley, in the " said County," was read: And,

Mr. Isaac fVilifon informed your Committee, That the said Act has been found very defective, and in several Instances injurious to many Persons, within tire Parishes of Hal fax, Batley, BM irfield, Hartishead dim Clifton, Almondbuty, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong-, and, by reason of the said Parishes beingdivided intoDiftrifts, the Execution of the Act has been evaded — That all the Meetings of the Commissioners being appointed to be held at Bradford, Persons injured by the Neglect or Misbehaviour of Officers at distant Places, are obliged to go to Bradford, to prosecute their Complaints — That the Salary of £.50 a Year to the Beadle is too small, lie being obliged to employ Three Deputies; and that the said Act is in many other Respects defective and ineffectual lor the Purposes thereby intended.

Ordered,

Halifax, &c. Small Debts.

3*4

28 — 29° Martii.

A. 1781.

Halifax Ac. Small Debts.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to through Pidgeon Lane, iftflead of the said Road through repeal so much of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year Halfpenny Lane, was committed; and to whom the of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the more Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and ealy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the other principal Inhabitants, residing in or near the Par iflies of Halifax, Bat ley, BirJlall, Mirfield, llartijiicad Town of Wantage, in the County of Berks, whose cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirkhurton, and Karnes are thereunto lubscribed, was referred; That IIudder field, and ihe Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the Committee had considered the said Petition; the West Riding of t he County of York; and for grant- and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and ing other Powers for those Purposes: And that Mr. found the same to be true; and that the Committee Duncombcand Sir George Savile do prepare, and bring in, had gone through the Bill, and made several A mend-the fame. merits thereunto; which they had directed him to

report to the House; and he read the Report in his A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Place; andaftenvardsdeliveredthe Bill; witlnhe Amend-Manufacturers, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the ments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Ameud-Parishes of Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guiseley, and ments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Culver ley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is de- rest were agreed to, by the House. pending,.to explain and amend the A(d,constituting the Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Court of Requests for the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, ingossed.

Kighley, Bingley, G uifeley, Culver ley, Bat ley, Birjlal, Mir-

field, llartijiicad cum Clifton, Almondburyi Kirkheaton, A Message from the Lords, by Mr. PZpys and Mr.

Kirkhurton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Li- Hell:

lierty of Bong, in the West Riding of the County of Mr. Speaker, - -

York, so far as the said Act relates to the aforesaid The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An |uPplr Parities of Halifax, Bailey, Birfial, Mir field, llavlijhead Act for granting to llis Majesty an additional Duty cDuiies, cum Clifton, Aldmonbury,. Kirkheaton, Kirkhurton, and upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Ma-Huddersfield, and the Lord ship or Liberty of Tong: nagement of the respective Commissioners of the And therefore praying. That the Amendments and Ex- Excise in Great Britain; without any Amendment: planations, which the House shall make in the aforesaid And also,

Act, may be extended to the Petitioners of the Parishes The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An 5

of Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, G'uifeley, and Calverley, Act for repealing the Discount and Abatements upon Tobacco0.1

aforesaid. certain Foreign Goods, and for granting additional

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Duties upon Tobacco and Sugar imported into Great

Consideration of a Committee. And that they do exa- Britain; without any Amendment: And also,

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An WilmtW appear to them, to the House: Act for repairing and widening the Road from Wilmslow Bridge

And it is referred to Mr. Duncombe, Sir George Sa- Bridge, in Wilmslow, in the County of Cliisler, through Road-

vile, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn- Nether Alderley and the Town of CongleIon, to or near ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; The Red Bull in Church Lawton, in the said County; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re- without any Amendment: And also,

cords. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An: Bourn Cai|

Act for improving the Navigation of the River called Navigation, The other Orders of the Day being read; Bourn Eau, from the Town of Bourn to its Juuftion

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- with the River Glen, at a Place called Tongue End, in ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: and House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising also,

the Supply granted to His Majesty. , I he Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Stoney

for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and ^Ildd^10* Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Waste Grounds within the Manor of Sloney Middleton, nc ° ur*

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole in the County of Derby; without any Amendment.

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to And then the Messengers withdre.vv.

His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned tili T o-morrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 29* die Mar tii;

Anno 2.10 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1781.

P R AYE R S.

\JfR.Powney reported from the Committee, to iVjL whqm the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers &oad. of Two Acts, pftfled in thq Eleventh and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty, fgr amending and widening the Road from BeJfAjleigh, through Wantage, to Hunger-ford, in the County of Berks, and from Wantage to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, and from the Turnpike Road between Reading and Walling ford, t through Halfpenny Lane, to The{ Old Reel House upon, Wantage. Downs, and from thence to Lambourji, in the said County of Berks; and for, amending the Road

An ingossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Tamworth au Aftvpafied in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign 03 of his late, Majesty King George the Second, for amend ing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the High Roads from the Borough of Tamworth to Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and from Saw Icy Ferry in the said County, to a Turnpike Gate at, or near the End of Swarcliff Lane, leading to, and in the Parish of, Ashby-de-la-Zouch aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the High Roads from the Borough of Tamworth to Ashby de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester-, and from Saw ley Ferry in the said County, to a Turnpike Gate at or near the End of Swarcliff Lane, leading to, and in the Parish of, Ashby-de-la-Zouch aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

, . % Lord

Greenhill

Moor,

&c*

Road*

Little

Harrowden

Inclosure.

porration *f Flax,

: kc.

2 r Geo. III. 29 °Mcfrtii.32,5

Lord George Augvjlus Henry Cavendish reported from Second Rending of the Bill for ereMing a new Gaol and the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several House of Correction, and for removing certain Gate-Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was ways, in the City of Gloucester; and for amending the referred; That the Committee had examined, and several AMs passed for the Maintenance and Support of found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the Poor of the said City, and lighting, paving, and the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, regulating, the Streets there;

had been complied with; and that the Committee Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second

had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and Time.

had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his in.

Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; And the Petition of the Persons whose Names are

viz. thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the City of Glou-

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. cester, paying Taxes for Estates in the said City, for John Thompjbn being examined, said, That the Road ami 011 Behalf of tfiemselves and many other Persons, leading from the Turnpike Road upon Greenhill Moor, Inhabitants of the said City, paying Paxeslikewife, was near Norton, in the County of Derby, to Hathersage, in also read.

the same County, through the Parishes of Norton, ' And the Counsel against the Bill was in Part

Droit field, and Hathersage; and also the Road from heard.'

Stoney Middleton to Tvtley, through the Parities of And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to Bakewell, Hope, Hathersage, and Dron field, all in the withdraw, said County of Derby, are ruinous and incommodious,

and in some Parts narrow, and cannot be sufficiently A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Maly- Royal A (Tent widened, altered, diverted, amended, and kept in Re- near, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: to Bills,

pair, by the ordinary Course of Law. ' Mr. Speaker,

And the Wit nets added, I hat if the said Roads were ‘ The King commands this1 honourable House to at-properly repaired, wideued, and altered, it would he of tend His Majesty immediately, in the House of Peers, public Utility. Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for to attend His Majesty. repairing, widening, and altering, the Road from the And being returned;

presentTurnpike' Road upon Greenhill Moor, near Nor- Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended ton, in the County of Derby, to Hathersage, in the same His Mnjefiy, in the House of Peers; where His Mn*

County, through the several Parishes of Norton, Dron- jetty was pleased to give the Royal AlTent to the several field, and Hathersage, in the said County of Derby; and 'Public Bills, and One Private Bill, following; viz. also the Hoad from Slave, Middleton to Tot ley, through An Act for repealing the Discounts and Abatements

the several Parities of Bakezvell, Ifope, Hathersage, and upon certain Foreign Goods, and for granting addi-Dronfield, all in the said County of Derby; And that tioual Duties Upon Tobacco and Sugar imported into Lord George An go ft us Henry Cavendish and Sir Henry Great Britain:

Bridgeman do prepare, and bring in, the fame. An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon the Produce of the several Duties under the An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Management of the respective Commissioners of the mon and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, Excise in Great Britain:

and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Little Harrowden, An Act for keeping the Militia Forces of this King, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third dom complete, during the Time therein mentioned:

Time. An Act for improving the Navigation of the Rives

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title called Bourn Eau, from the Town of Bourn to its he. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Junction with the River Glen, at a Place called Tongue Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and End, in the County of Lincoln:

Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Little Harrowden, in An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the County of Northampton. Wilmslow Bridge, in Wilmfiozv, in the county of 'Chester,

Ordered, That Mr. Powys do carry the Bill to the through Nether Alderley, and the Town of Covgleton, to Lords, and desire their Concurrence. or near The Red Bull in Church Law Ion, in the said

County:

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to An Act for continuing and amending an AM, made resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, in the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty King George upon the Bill to permit the Importation of Flax and the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Flax Seed into this Kingdom, in any Ship or Vessel be- Repair, several Roads leadingto the Borough of Latin-longing to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His cejion, in the County of Cornwall:

Majesty, navigated with Foreign Mariners, during the An Act for continuing the Term, and altering present Hostilities; and enlarging the Powers, of an AM, made in the

Ordered, That it be an InstruMion to the said Com- Twenty-ievenrh Year of his lafeMajeilv, for repairing mittee, That they have Power to extend the Provisions and widening the High Road from Westwood Gate, in of the said Bill to Ireland. the Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford,

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- through the Towns of Rushden and Higham Ferrers, mittee. and over Arlleborough Bridge, to the Turnpike Road in

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. BarUm Seagrave Lane, in the Parish of Barton Seagrave,

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee. in the County of Northampton:

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. An AM lor dividing and inclosing the several Com-

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had mons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Stoney gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments Middleton, in the County of Derby. thereunto; which they haddireMed him to report, when

the House will please to receive the same. Then the Counsel for and against: the Bill for ereMing Gloucesterv

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday a new Gaol and House of Correction, and for removing Gaol, Morning next. certain Gateways, in the City of Gloucester; and for amending the several AMs patted for the Maintenance The other Order of the Day being read, for the and Support of the Poor of the said City, and lighting,

Vol. 38. 4 O paving,

E fcrick new Church.

Sudbury

Election.

3<i6 29 — 30® — 31 Martiu — 20 Aprilis.

paving, and regulating, the Streets there, were again called in.

And the Counsel against the Bill was further heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the Petition against the said Bill, and went through his Evidence.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Guise, the Earl of Surrey, &c,: And they are to meet this Afternoon at. Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all, who come to the Committee, are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants of the City of Gloucester, payingTaxes for Eliates in the said City, for and on Behalf of themselves and many other Persons, Inhabitants of the said City, paying Taxes likewise, which was presented to the House upon the 20th Day of this Instant March, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That Sir Harbord Harbord have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly:

And the House being informed that the Committee to whom the Bill for building a new Church and Rectory House, in the Parish of in the County of

York, and for making Exchanges of certain Lands and Hereditaments within the same Parish, was committed, had adjourned from Friday the 23rd Day of this Instant March to that Day Three Months;

Ordered, That the said Committee do fit, and proceed upon the said BillTo-morrow Morning, notwithstanding the said Adjournment.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morn, ing, Ten of the Clock.

' Veneris, 30° die Martii,

Anno 21* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Sir James Marriott, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to tr/ and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Bu-finess of the House.

Aud he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Eighty-eight Members only being found to be prefect, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration;

'9

and immediately adjourned the said Order, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 31* die Martii;

Anno zi* Georgii III*1* Regis, 1781. Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Sir James Marriott, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Siffolk, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Seventeen Members only being found to be present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration; and immediately adjourned the said Order, without a Question first put,' till Monday, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the Floufe was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 2° die Aprilis;

Anno 2i* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Sir James Marriott, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members, on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Six Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar:

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was di reded by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The

Sudbury

Election.

Sudbury

Ele&ioa

£hafteft>ury

Election.

.2 tKaEO. III. 2° JpriUs

327

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Thirty-Six Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of John Strutt, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioner, and his Name was set alkie.

And the Names of Twoother Members, then present, -were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Charles , Esquire, being drawn, be was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, and his Name'was set alide.

And the Names of Eleven other Members, then present, were drawn, who w§re not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Forty-six other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside with the Namesof thofewho wereabfent from the House; Four, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; Eight, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions*were depending; One, on Account of his being a Petitioner to this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return; Sixteen, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees; and Seventeen, on Account of their having already in this Session of Parliament, served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete, Lists of the said Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew,

Mr. Dempster, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Sir George Collier, Knight, and Hans Mortimer, Esquire; and also the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Borough of otherwise

Shqftesbury, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That Francis Sykes, Esquire, now Sir Francis Sykes Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shqftcfhurxf, in the County of Dorset:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronat, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament fox the said Borough of Shafton, otherwise bury:

And also That the said Select Committee have determined.

That Hans Wintrop Mortimer, Esquire, one of the Petitioners, ought to have been returned a Burgess to forve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of

Shafton, otherwise Shafte/lniry:

And also. That the laidSelect Committee havedeter-mined.

That the said Hans Wintrop Mortimer, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Sotherwise bury.-

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend- this House, Tomorrow Morning, with the last Vol. 38.

Return for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, and amend the fame, by rafing out the Name of Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and inserting the Name of Hans Wintrop Mortimer, Esquire, instead thereof.

Mr. Byng, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Sir Adam Ferguffun, Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Ayr, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That Major Hugh Montgomery is not duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Ayr:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined.

That Sir Adam Ferguffbn, Baronet, ought to have been returned -a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of Ayr:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the said Sir Adam Fergujffbn, Baronet, is duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of Ayr.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, with the last Return for the County of Ayr, and amend the fame, by rafing out the Name of Major Hugh Montgomery, and inserting the Name of Sir Adam Ferguffbn, Baronet, instead thereof.

Lord Charles Spencer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Ninth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads therein described, so far as the same relate to the Road from Hetdey Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Bridge, and to a

Place called Milestone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, Oue by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for building a Bridge over the River Thames, at the Town of Henley upon Thames, in the County of Oxford, and making commodious Avenues thereto; for widening feme Part of the High Street and the Market Place; for lighting and watching, for regulating the Footways in, and for removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances from, the said Town, was/ead a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Hill be committed to Lord C/wr/w Spencer, Mr. Page, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending certain of the Mileways leading to Oxford-, for making a commodious Entrance through the Parish of Saint Clement; for rebuilding or repairing

Magdalen Bridge -, for making commodious Roads from

Ayr

Electio.n

Henley Br'dge to the Milestone Roads.

Henley

upon Thames

Bridge.

Oxford

Street*

3*8

Aprilis.

A.vjii.

the said Bridge through the University and City, and the Avenues leading thereto; for eleaniing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and Places, within the said University and City, and the Suburbs thereof, and the said Parish of Saint Clement; for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; for empowering Colleges and Corporations to alienate their Estates there; for removing, holding, and regulating Markets, within the said City; and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Page, Lord Charles Spencer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Halifax, Mr. Duncoinhereported from the Committee, to whom Arc. the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Small Debts. Manufacturers, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Parishes of Bradford, Bin gin), , and

Call'erley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committeehad examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to t hem, to the Hotife; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's 'Fable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr, Isaac Willson informed your Committee, That it would

be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the Parities of Bradford, Kigh and verity, if the provisions of a Bill, now depending in the House, to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the more eafv and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Parishes of Halifax,

Mirfield, Hartisheadcum Clifton, Kit khea-

ton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for grantingother Powers for those Purposes, were to be extended to the said Parishes.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen,

who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to

repeal so much of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Parishes of Halifax, Bntley, Iiar-

tijhead cum Clifton, Almond

and Huddersfield, and the Lordtliip or Liberty of Tong, i.i the West Riding of the County of York, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes; That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for repealing so much of the said Act as relates to the Parishes of Bradford, Kighlcy, Bingley, Guifolei)and in the Well

Riding of the County of York; and for granting other Powers for those Purposes.

, Rl faX A Bill for veiling Part of a certain Close, called Shack Field, otherwise Vicar's Field, Parcel of the Lands Southgate, belonging to the Vicarage of Halifax, in the County 'Jcc. of York, in Truliees, for the Purpose of making a convenient Road from a Street called in the

Town of Halifax, over and through the said Close, to the Public Hall lately erected in the said Town of Halifax, called The Hall-, and to

enable the Vicar of the Parish of Halifax, and his Successors, to grant Building Ltafesof the other Parts of the said Close; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun-combe, Sir George Savile,&c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Leeds

to

OtL-y

Roads.

A Bill to enlarge the Tevm and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing fe-5

veral Roads, so far as relates to the Road from Leeds to Otleu, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun-combe, Sir George Savile,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectually repairing the several Roads leadinglrom The Stone's End Street,

in the Parish of Saint George, Southwark, to and from The Stone's End in Bermondsey to the

Turn pike near Saint Thomas a Waterings, in the said Parish of Saint George-, and from the Turnpike Road near Deptford Bridge to The Stone's End in London Street, in the Parish of East Greenwich; and from The Six Mile

Stone on Blackheath, near (he Weil End of Greenwich Park Wail, to Woolwich JVarrcn; and from The Lime Kilns in East Greenwich, to join the Furnp ike Road in

the Parish of Lewi/ham; and from Cross, in the Parish of Deptford, to Farnborough Well-, and from the

fn ft Mill Pond at South End, in the said Parish of Lewi-fhant, to the Well End of Stroud Green, in the Parish of Croydon; and from thoTurnpike Road near Bridge to l lu* North End of Burnt Ash Lane, in the Parish of Ix-e, in the Counties of and for repealing so much of several Acts of Parliament, now in Force, as relates to the said Roads, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title he, An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from The Stone's End in Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Southwark, to Dartford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of and Surrey -, and for other Purposes.

Ordered, That M‘\ FilmerHollywood do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Befieljleigh, through Wantage, to Hunger ford, in the County of Berks, and from to

Marlborough, in the County of and from the

Turnpike Road between Reading and Wallingford, through Halfpenny Lane, to The Old lied House upon Wantage Downs, and from thence to Lambourn, in the said County of Berks-, and for amending the Road through PidgeonLane, instead of the said Road through Halfpenny Lane, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titlebe, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from feljleigh, through Wantage, to llungcrford, in the County of Berks, and from Wantage to Marlborough in the County of Wilts, and from the Turnpike Road between Reading and Wallingford through Halfpenny Lane, to The Old Red Iloiifo upon Wantage Downs, and from thence to Lambourn, in the said County of Berks-, and for amending the Road through Lane, instead of the said Road through Halfpenny Lane.

Ordered, That Mr. Powneydo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, alloting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, and WasteLands, called Mark Moor, otherwise Thurll Moor, Mark Liberty Moor, otherwise Yonder Moor, and Foie Moors and , situate

within the Parish of Mark, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rolle, Mr. Parker, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill

Kent Street to

Dartford,

See.

Roads.

Beffelflejo?!

O

Lc.

Itoad.

Mark

inclosure.

2i Geo. III.

Lceifs frr.m Ociey to SXiptcm Road.

Chard,

Ac.

Rftads.

Sndbury

EJe&ion.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads therein described, as relate to the Roads from Otlcij to Skin ton in the County of from Skipton to Clii'nerocin the County of and from Skipton to Colne in the said Coil a tv, was read a Second Time. , .

Refilled, That the Bill be committed to Mr Lifter, Mr. Minchin,&c.: And they are to m-et this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Pculettreported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of i'everal of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Ronds, from the Ealt End of the Town of Chord to the South End of West Moor, and from the West End of the

Yeovil Turnpike Road, through Ilminster, and from the West End of Peoje Lane to

J lor ton Elm, and from Saint Rane to , and from While Cross to ChillingtonDown, and from a Place cal led Three Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to Bridge Cross, in the County of Somerset; and also of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the County of Somerset, whole Names are thereunto fubieribed, was

referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Stariding Orders of the House, of the 25th oI April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; mid he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as fnlldweth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Robert Jane Bryant being examined, said, That a eonftderable Progrel's hath been made in putting the said Act in Execution, and amending the said Roads, in doing which the d olls collected, together with a large Sum of Money borrowed ou the Credit thereof, have been duly expended — That the said Act hath been found in many llofpefts defective, and that it will be adviseable to repeal the fame, and pass another Act for the Purpose of amending the said Roads — That the Mone}', so borrowed as aforesaid, still remains clue, and cannot be paid off, nor can the Roads be properly amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the present Act be continued, and some additional 'Foil granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Frail End of the Town of Chard to the South End of /1 eft Moor, and from the West Elnd of the Yeovil Turnpike Road, through to

Kenny Gate, and front the West End of Pease Lane to Horton Elm, and from Saint Rane Hill to II-mister, and from White Cross to Down, and from a Place called Three Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to Bridge Cross, in the County of Somerset; and for repealing an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads: And that Mr. Poulett and Sir John Trevelyan do prepare, and Bring in, the fame.

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, delivered iu. to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been (truck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Nantes of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned Lift the

Vol. 38.

329

9; 1

Names of John Strutt and Charles Esquires,

being added, the same was called over; and is us follows: ,

David Robert Michel, Esquire, Thomas Whitmore, Esquire, Matthew Rrickdale, Esquire, Sir William »

Baronet, the honourable John Thomas Peter

Legh, Esquire, Thomas Stanley, Esquire, Francis burton, Esquire, Thomas Bates Rous, Esquire, Thomas Lifter, Esquire, Philip Yorke, of Cambridgeshire, Esquire, Sir HerbertMackworth, Baronet, John Purling, Esquire, John Strutt, Esquire, Charles Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee appointed for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Sir James Marriott, now taken into Consideration, were lworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Mariner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Second Committee Cham her, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

A Petition of the Goldsmiths, Toymen, Watchr makers, Cafemakers, Chainmakers, Small Workers in Gold, Chafers, and other Persons concerned in the manufacturing or vending of Gold Wares, rftiding within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the liberties thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have, for many Years, pall, reflected with the deepest Concern on the depreflbd State of ' lie Manufactures of Gold Wares in this Kingdom, proceeding principally from the Necessity under which the fair Trader lies, of using and employing Gold of the Fineness and Standard ellablithed by the Laws now in being, which Gold is, in almost all Cafes, considerably too soft, and thereby not only exposed to be easily bruifcxl and injured, but will not admit of so high a Polish as Gold of an inferior Standard; rod that, by the Laws of many Foreign Countries, the Subjects of those Countries are permitted, in Manufactures that are made of Gold, to use and employ Gold of Two inferior Qualities and Standards, whereby they are enabled to underfell the Subjects of this Country at all Foreign Markets, and thereby to engross a very considerable Part of that Branch of Trade, which might be feeuied to the Subjects of this Kingdom, if they tvere by Law permitted to employ in such Manufactures Gold of the same Standards and Values as are generally employed by Foreign Goldsmiths, who, by Means of such Per;uiiIion, have gained a Preference iu Favour of their Manufactures all over the World, to the great Detriment of the Petitioners and the Eng-li/hNation; and that Foreigners have taken Advantage of such Impediments and Obstacles under which the Petitioners have been placed by Law in respect of the; Premises, whereby the fair and.honest Tradesmen and Artificers do suffer considerably, and are wholly deprived of the Advantages which might be secured to them, and to the Nation in general, if they were delivered from fneh disadvantageous Restraints, under which by Law they now labour; and that all such ruinous Obstacles and Impediments may be effectually removed by a Law establishing (beside the present Standard of this Kingdom) Two distinct new Standards for all Gold to be hereafter used and employed in all Manufactures of that Metal, the one of such Standards to contain ip each Pound Troy Twenty Carrats of fine Gold, and Four Carrats of Alloy; and the other of such Standards to be of an inferior Quality; and to contain in each Pound Troy Eighteen Carrats of fine Gold, and Six Carrats of Alloy, all which several Standards would be particularly advantageous to the Petitioners to have established, in as much as different Kiuds of Gold Wares respectively require to be made of Gold of different Degrees of Hardness, and of different Degree*

4P of

.GoM used by Toymen, &c.

3 3° 2* Ap 1781.

Adur

Bridge

ac

Sho reliant.

Green hill Moor, See. Road.

HeDefton

Election.

i>f Purity; and that it woutd be of great Advantage to the Generality of Persons in this Kingdom, concerned in the manufacturing and vending of Wares eomposed of Gold, if the Laws werd to be more simple, and lei's numerous, than they are now, relative to the Manufacture and Sale of Gold Wares: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and to provide for their Relief, against the Grievances hereinbefore complained of, such Remedy as to the House limit seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it ilia.ll appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Mahon, Mr. field, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to feinl lor Persons, Papers, anti Records.

An ingrossed Bill for' building a Bridge o+er the River Adur, at or near Shoreham, in the County of

Sujex, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill 3 viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 2. To leave out from " the " to the Second ,f and " in Line 3, and to insert " Saturday Sevennight next after '* the Patting of this Act," instead thereof.

Pr. 8.1. 25. To leave out " Half an Acre," and to insert " One Acre and an Half" in-Head thereof.

1. 29. After " Toll House " to insert and " for proper Causeways and Landing Places."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for building a Bridge over the River at or near Old Shoreham, in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That the Earl of Surrey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord George Augustus Henry presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from the present Turnpike Road upon Greenhill Moor, near Norton, in the County of Derby, to Halherfage, in the same County, through the several Parishes of Norton, and

Halherfage, in the said County of; and also the Road from StoneyMiddleton to Tolley, through the several Parishes of Bakexoell, Hope, Halherfage, and field, all in the said County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of John Rowe, Esquire, the Mayor of the Borough of Hellefon, in the County of Cornwall, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freemen of the said Borough, complaining of the laftEleftion and Return for the said Borough, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Certificate of the Deputy Clerk of the Crown, signifying. That the Indenture whereby Richard well, Esquire, is returned a Bnrgefs for the said Borough, was delivered into the Office of the Clerk of the Crowu in Chancery the 16th Day of March lait, was read.

And the Order of the House, made the 6th Day of November last, requiring all Persons that will question any Returns to do it within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in, was also read.

But the House not having proceeded upon Business since Thursday lait;

And the House being informed, that the said Petitioners would have petitioned this House within Fourteen Days next after the said Return was brought in, if the House had proceeded upon Business on Friday last;

Ordered, That the said Petition be now admitted to be received, the same not being presented in due Time, bccaufethe House have not proceeded upon Business since Thursday last until this Day.

Then the said Petition was delivered in, and read; Setting forth. That at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Hellefon, in the Place of Jocelyn Dean, F.squire, deceased, the Right honourable Thomas Lord Hyde and Richard Harwell, Esquire, were proposed as Candidates to represent the said Borough in Parliament; and that the Sheriff of the said County of Cornwall delivered the Precept for the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament, in the Place of the said Jocelyn Dean, to Matthew Wilts, one of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and refused to deliver the same to the Petitioner John Rozve, the Mayor of the said Borough, to whom such Precept ought to have been directed, and who had the Right to preside at the said Election, and is the proper Returning Officer of the said Borough; and that the Poll was then taken before the said John Roxoe, the Mayor of the said Borough, and the Petitioners and others, being a great Majority of the Persons legally entitled to vote at the said Election, voted for the said Thomas Lord Hyde, who was duly elected, and rightfully returned by the said Mayor to the Sheriff of the said County of Cormcall, who refused to accept the said Return, or annex the same to his Writ of Election; and that the said Matthew Wills took upon himself to preiide at another pretended Election for the said Borough, at which he the said Matthew Wills, and also Richard Penhaleand William Rogers, took upon themselves to vote for the said Richard B; and the said Matthew Wills, without any lawful Authority, returned the said Richard Bancell as Member for the said Borough, although no other Persons, save the said Matthew Richard Penhale, and William Rogers, voted for the said

Richard Barwell-, and the said Sheriff accepted and-

annexed the said last mentioned Return to his Writ of Election, and transmitted the same to the Office of the Clerk of the Crown; and that the said Richard Penhale, and William Rogers, claimed to vote as Freemen of the said Borough, pretending to have been elected to such Franchise under a Charter granted to the said Borough in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, although in Truth the said Matthew Wills, Richard Penhale, and William Rogers, were not duly elected Freemen according to the Provisions of the said Charter, but were elected by the Mayor and Aldermen only, and in the same Manner as all the other pretended Freemen of the said Borough, who claimed their Franchises under the said Charter, and who were oitfted by the Judgment of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, and although the Corporation created by the said Charter is dissolved: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and give such Relief as the Circumstances of this same shall call for.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 29th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In purlhance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted F.leftions, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for

their

i i Geo. III.

their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time bn which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

htpply Bill; Mr. Ord presented to the House, according tb Or-on der, a Bill for repealing the present Duties upon Paper, per‘ Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, made in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

apenditure A Petition of the several Persons Whose Names are of thereunto subscribed, Freeholders of the respective jfclooty Counties of York, Surrey, Hertford, Huntingdon, -( dlesex, Essex, Kent, Devon, and Nottingham, and Elec-

: tors of the City of Westminster, was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth. That this Nation hath

r been engaged for several Years in a mostexpeufiveand

unfortunate War; that many of our valuable Colonies, having actually declared themselves independent, have ! formed aftrict Confederacy with the ancient Enemies

of Great Britain; that the Consequences of these fcom-

j bfned Misfortunes have been, a large Addition to the

National Debt, an heavy Accumulation of Taxes, a rapid Decline of the Trade, Manufactures, and I-and J Rents of the Kingdom: That, notwithstanding this

! calamitousand impoverished State of the Nation, much

[ Public Money has been improvidently squandcred; and

l that many Individuals enjoy Sinecure Places, Efficient

Places with exorbitant Emoluments, and Pensions unmerited by Public Service, to a large and still increasing Amount, whence the Crown has acquired a great and unconstitutional Influence, which, if not checked, may soon prove fatal to the Liberties of this Country: And your Petitioners farther lliew, that your Petitioners jointly with others, Freeholders of several Counties, and Electors of several Cities and d owns in this Kingdom, did, in the last Session of the late Parliament, present to the honourable House of Commons, humble Petitions, requelling tlrat some Remedy might be provided by the Wisdom of Parliament against the extensive and unconstitutional Influence of the Crown, and some Stop might be put to the lavish Expenditure of Public Money: And your Petitioners beg Leave to state, that the Matter contained in the Petitions so presented by your Petitioners and others, was taken into Consideration by that honourable House; and on due and mature Deliberation that honourable House resolved,

1. That it is necessary to declare, that the Influence of the Crown has increased, is increasing, and ought to bediminished:

2. That it is competent to this House to examine into, and to correct Abuses in, the Expenditure of the Civil List Revenues, as well as in every other Branch of the Public Revenue, whenever it shall appear expedient to the Wisdom of this House so to do:

3. That it is the Duty of this House, to provide, as far as may be, an immediate and effectual Redress of the Abuses complained of in the Petitions prefeuted to this House, from the different Counties, Cities, and

v Towns, in this Kingdom.

And your Petitioners beg Leave farther to state, that before that honourable House had effected that Diminution of the Influence of the Crown, and had provided an effectual Redress of the Grievances complained of in the said Petitions, the said Parliament of Great Britain was, by His Majesty's Royal Proclamation, dissolved: Your Petitioners, therefore, on Behalf of themselves and others their Fellow Subjects, who joined with y our Petitioners in the said Petitions, appealing to the Justice Vox.. 38.

r

331

of this honourable House, do. in oft earnestly request; both for the Relief of the Subject and the Safety of the Constitution, that this honourable House will proceed to enquire by what Means that. Diminution of the Influence of the Crown may be obtained, which the last House of Commons declared to be necessary; and that this honourable House wiil proceed to examine into all the Branches of the Expenditure of the Public Money; and also to enquire what. Expences can be re- trenched by an Abolition of fineciire or unnecessary Places, by a Reformation in respect of Pensions unmerited by Public Services, and by a Reduction of the exorbitant Emoluments of Office; and that the Produce lie appropriated to the Necessities of the Stale, in Inch Manner as to the Wisdom of Parliament shall feeiri meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie tipon the Table.

Complaint being made to the House, of a Delay in Honit.-in the fending down of the Writ ordered to be issued upon M-Aion. the 27 th Day of March last, for the ehfcling of a Burgess to serve in tin's present Parliament for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon;

Ordered, That Mr. Harry HarmMeffenger attending the Great Seal, or Ids Deputy', do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Ap one of the Sealers attending the Great Seal, do attend this House; at the same Time.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Robert RoxobrgK Ker, of Cockertoun, Esquire, commonly called Lord

Robert Ker, which was presented to the House upon the 9th Day of November last, complaining of an undue Ejection and Return for the County of might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the House being informed, that, since the presenting of the said Petition, the said Lord Robert Ker is dead;

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 21 ft Day of March last, for taking into Consideration, upon Tuesday the ill Day' of May next, the said

Petition of Lord Robert Ker and also the Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Roxburgh, likewise complaining of the said Election and Return, might be read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed that the said Freeholders of the County of Roxburgh desire to withdraw their said Petition;

And the Sitting Member in his Place having acquainted the House, that he confenied to the withdrawing of T-'ic said Petition;

Ordered, That the said Order, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration upon the ill Day

of May next, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Freeholders of the County of Roxburgh have Leave to withdraw their said Petition.

The IToufe being informed that Mr: from Raft

the United Company of Merchants of England trading Accquriu. to the East Indies, attended at the Door; he was called

in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N* j.A11 Account of the Value of the Exports of Merchandize and Bullion by' the Company,

from England to China and The East Indies, from the Year 1751 to 1758 inciiiiive: And also,

N° 1. An Account of the Value of the Exports of Merchandize and Bullion by the East India Company, from England to Chii. iu and The F.ajt Indies, from the Year 17 ,o to 1765 inclusive: And also,

N° 3. An Account of the Value of the Exports of Merchandize and Bulliou by the East India Company',

from

9

soft India Accounts.

J 3 i ib Jprilis. ^.1781.

from England to and The Taft Indies, from the Year 1765 to 1772 inclufjve: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Value of the Exports of Merchandize and Bullion by the East India Company,-from England to China and The East Indies3 from the Year 1772 to 1779 inclusive: And all'o,

N° 5. An Account of the gross Amount of Sales at the East India House, from 1751 to 1758: And also,

N° 6. An Account of the gross Amount of Sales at the East India House, from 1758 to 1765: And also,

N° 7. An Account of the gross Amount of Sales at the East India House, from 1765 to 1772: And. also,

N° 8. An Account of the gross Amount of Sales af the East India House, from 1772 to 1779: And also,

Xa 9. An Account of all Duties paid to Government by the East India Company (including the Indemnify on Tea) from 17^1 to 1779: And also,

N° 10. An Account of all Monies which have been paid to Government in consequence of any Agreement with the East India Company concerning the Territorial Poflessions in India.

Together' with a List of the said Accounts.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongil the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this IToufe, an Account of the Territorial and other Revenues received by the East India Company in Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffd, and the Five Northern Circars, from April 1778 to the lateit Accounts received from India: distinguishing each Year, the different Heads of Revenue, and shewing the gross Amount thereof, the Charges of Collection, and the Net Proceeds.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of such Sums of Money received by the East India Company, from the Territorial Revenues rn India, as have been applied towards furnishing the Investments of the Company from India to Great Britain, from the Year 1778 to the last; Accounts received.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Bullion and other Remittances from Bengal to China, towards purchasing the Invert men t for the Company there, from April 1778 to the last Accounts received.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Bond and other Debts of the East India Company in Bengal, from February 1779 until the last Accounts received; distinguishing the Debts of each Year, the Payment thereof, and at what Time, and in what Manner, the fame, or any Part thereof, has been discharged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Bond and other Debts of the East India Company at Madras, from the Year 1779, until the last Accounts received; distinguishing the Debts of each Year, the Payment thereof, and at what Time, and in what Manner, the fame, or any Part thereof, has been discharged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Bond and other Debts of the East India Company at Bombay, from the Year 1779 until the last Accounts received; distinguishing the Debts of each Year, the Payment thereof, and at what Time, and in

what Manner,' the fame, or any Part thereof, lute beeii discharged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Bond and other Debts of the East India Company at Bencoolen, from June 1779 until the last Accounts received; distinguishing the Debts of each Year, the Payment thereof, and at what Time, and in what Manner, the fame, or any Part thereof, has been discharged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, ait Account of the Monies remaining in the different Treasuries of the East India Company, at their severalr Settlements, according to the lait Advices received.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an' Account of the Bond and other Debts of the East India Company in England, from 31st January 17S0 to the'' present Time; distinguishing the Debts of each Year, the Payment thereof, and at what Time, and in w hat Manner, the fame, or any Part thereof, hirs been discharged.

Ordered, That these be laid before this House, a' Statement or Account of the annual Profit and Lose upon the whole of the Trade and Revenues of the East India Company, together with a State of the Debts of the said Company in England, exclusive of their Bond Debt, to the ift Day of March in every Year, from the ift Day of September 1773, to the ift Day of March last, being the Account directed to be prepared and presented to the Lords of the Treasury, by an Act passed in the T hirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, according to a Plan laid down in the Third Report of the Secret Committee on the State of the East India Company.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Coffee imported^nd exported, ftomChrifLmas 1773 to Chrijhnas last, distinguishing each Year; and from what Places imported, with the Amount of the Duties of Customs and Excise respectively paid on the fame, together with the Duties drawn back on Exportation, distinguishing each Year; and the Customs and Excise on Foreign Coffee, from what has been paid or drawn back on British Plantation Coffee.

Ordered, That Sir Grei/ Cooper do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to permit the Importation of Flax and Flax Seed into this Kingdom, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, navigated with Foreign Mariners, during the present Hostilities, was committed.

Sir Grey Cooper accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second time, One by One; and, upon the Question severall^ put thereupon, were, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be-in grolfed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself itjto a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Owners of Ships belonging to, and trading from, the Port of Sunderlandj in the County of Durham, residing on Shore.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charles Townshend took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir.

Account of Cotfee.

Importation of Flax, fee.

Petition

respe«sting

Smuggling.

2i Geo. III.

2° — 30 Apr ills.

333

Mr. Charles Torenjhend reported from the Committee, Tlmt he was diretied l>y the Committee to make a Motion, when tin* I louse will pleate to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Charles Townshend accordingly reported from the

- fain Commit lee, Thai lie was directed liv the Committee

7 *

to move the 1 louse, that Leave be given to bring in a Rill for c-xpiaiying and amending the several Laws now in Force respG'ting the Forfeiture of Ships and Vessels in certain Cedes, and for furl her securing the Property of the Owners in such Ships or Vessels against the Mif-conutict of the Mahers, Males, and Seamen.

And Mr. Charles Townshend moved the I louse accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

explaining and amending the several Law snow in Force, respecting the loifeitufe of Ships anti Vtfljds in certain Cafes, and for further feettring the Property, of the Owners in such Ships or Veil! Is again(1 the Mifeondued of the Mailers, Mates, and Seamen: And that Mr. Charles 7 'own/hendj i r Tk

Sir Herbert Mad, worth, the Earl of ,7 Sir

j then) li'hile Ridley, Sir Harbord Sir card

| Ajlinj, Sir John Delaval, Sir John Eden, Mr.

j 1V alpole, M r. Dnneumbe, M r. ICilberforce, Mr. Brick dale,

t Mr! Dmtbeny, General Mr. Junior,

and Mr. llenrp Rawlinjln, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Importation A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Land in ' t the East Riding of the County of York, and the County

f X?V °n of the d own of Kingdom upon Hull: And also, k Corn, Sec.Another Petition of the Owpers Occupiers of

Land in the East Riding of the County of York, and

to much Abuse, whereby the Prices of Grain ih some In fiances may be unneeefiarily depreffeu, to the Discouragement of Agriculture, and i/i others unnecessarily advanced, to the Injury of Manufactures, and Oppression of the Poor; anti that the Temptation to such Abuse has been considerably increased by the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of Mis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate " the Importation and Exportation of Coi n And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to make such Alterations therein as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table. .."

Resolveedf^htiX. this House will, u pon Wednesdax)Mord- Ways

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Means. 'House, to consider further of Ways and Means, fqr raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this Fftmfe will, upon Morn-

ing next* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted tp H is Mtijefiy. , *

Supply.

the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull: And

also,

Another Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Land in the East Riding of the County of and the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hulls And also.

Another Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of land in the East Riding of the County of , and the County of the Town of Kingston Hull: And also,

Another Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Land in the East Riding of the County of and the County of the Town of Kingston upon.Hull: And also.

Another Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Land in the East Riding of the County of York, and the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull: And also.

Another Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of land in the East Riding of the County of apd

the County of the down of Kingston upon Hull: And also.

Another Petition of the Owpers and Occupiers of Lan-I in the East Riding of the County of York, and the County of the Town of And

also.

Another Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Laud in iheiialt Riding of the County of York, and the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull: And also,.

Another Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Lind in the East Riding of the County of York,. and the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull: And also.

Another Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Land in the East Riding of the County of York, and the County of the Town of Kingston neon Hull;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive, . the Mode of opening the Ports of this Kingdom for the Importation and Exportation of Grain, as prescribed by the Laws now in being, is liable

Voi.. 38.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the s*h whole House, to consider of the taking off the Duties V. on such foul Salt as shall be used in the making of 3X1116 1 Marine Acid and fixed Alkali.

Mr., Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Gilbert tllliottook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Gilbert Elliot reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Gilbert Elliot accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring iata Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, which relate to the reducing the Duties on foul Sit used for Manure, to foul Salt to be used in making Marine Acid and fixed Foffil, or Mineral Alkali.

And Sir Gilbert Elliot moved the House accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill' for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; which relate to the reducing the Duties on foul Salt used for Manure, to foul Salt to be used in making Marine Acid and fixed Foffil, or Mineral Alkali: And that Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Adam, and Mr. Dempfer, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ton of the Clock.

- Mart is y30 die Apr His;

Anno n* Georgii -III11*1 Regis, 1781.

Pr

AYERS.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considera- pivm0uth tion the Petition of John Culme, Esquire, com- Election. plaining of thoundue Election and Return of George Darby, Esquire; and also the Petition of the Reverend John Julian, Clerk, John Crojfman, George Bough ton,

Thomas Woolcotnbe, and Thomas Squire, Gentlemen, all

4 Q legal

334

legal Voters of the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, on Behalf of themselves and many other Elec* tors of the same Borough, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Sir Frederick Leman Rogers, Baronet, and of the said George Darby, Esquire, for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms wasdirested by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Six Members being found to be present *,

The Counsel and Agents for the Petitioner, Mr. Culme, and the Counsel and Agents for the other Petitioners, the Voters of the said Borough, and the Counsel and Agents for the Sitting Members, were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House was locked.

And the Counsel for Mr. and the Voters, respectively acquainted the House, that they appeared on distinct Interests — That the said Petitioner Mr. Culme, Complained only of the undue Election and Return of Mr. Darby, and claimed, on the Part of the Freeholders within the said Borough, only a concurrent Right, with the Freemen, to vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that the other Petitioners, the Voters, complained of the undue Election and Return of both Sir Frederick Leman Rogers and of the said Mr. Darby, and claimed a Right to vote at such Elections by virtue of their Freeholds, exclusive of the Freemen of the said Borough.

And the said Petitions, and also the Act of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend an Act, made " in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act " to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," were read.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Members making no Objection to the said Petitioners appearing as separate Parties on distinct Interests;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of the said Select Committee accordingly.

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Forty-nine Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Thirty-seven other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside with the Names ofthofe who were absent from ilte House; Four, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; Seven, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions weredepending; Thirteen, on Account of their then fervingon Select Committees; and Thirteen, on Account of their having already, in this Session of Parliament, served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete. Lists of the said Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Cotinfel.

And the Door of the House being opened; .

The Counsel and Agents withdrew.

A. 178

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Shqf/on, othewife Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset-,

and also the Return for the County of Ayr.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Propositions made by the Court of Directors of the East India Company, or by the Court of Proprietors of the said Company, and submitted as a Balis of an Agreement with Government for the Prolongation of the Charter of the said Company, together with the Proceedings had thereupon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Remainder of the Exchequer Bills issued by virtue of an Act, pasted in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand " Seven hundred and Eighty."

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of allowing, during the present I loftilities, any Goods or Commodities, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture, of any Istand, Colony, or Plantation, belonging to, or under the Dominion of, the Crown of Portugal, and all Sorts of Wool, Barilla, and Jesuits Bark, to be imported into this Kingdom, or Ireland, in Neutral Vessels.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, That they do make Provision therein, for indemnifying such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify J uftiees of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register, or deliver in, their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been damped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Smith be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed-to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, which relate to the reducing the Duties on foul Salt used for Manure, to foul Salt to be used in making Marine Acid and fixed Foffil, or Mineral Alkali.

Mr. Richard Smith presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, which relate to the reducing the Duties on foul Salt used for Manure, to foul Salt to be used in making Marine Acid and fixed Foffil, or Mineral Alkali: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, pasted in the Ninth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads therein described, so far as the same relate to the Road from Henley Bridge, in the Counl v of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Bridge, and to a

Place

3* Apritis.

Shafte&urt Eledioflj

E ft Ind

C.impam Chart cj

Account of ExcheqiM Bills.

Importati of Portuga Goods,

OfHers

and

Employment*

Salt tiled iu makirtg M arise AckL;

Ditto:

Hpnler Bridge to the Mileflone Roads.

2i Geo. III. 30 dpri 335

Place called Milefone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County, was read the Third Time. llejblved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the JNinth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads therein described, so far as the same relate to the Road from Hen-ley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called Milefime, in the Road leading to Magdalen the

laid County.

Ordered, That Lord Charles Spencer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir William Guise reported from the Committee, to a'a°r'* whom the Petition of John John Hopkins, and William]Bartlett, Merchants and Proprietors of the Works Established at Newnham for the Manufacture of Verdigrease, was referred;That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled 44 A Subsidy granted to the King, of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums " of Money, payable upon Merchandize exported and imported:" And also,

An Act, passed in the Ninth and Tenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act " for granting to His Majesty a further Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, towards raising the yearly Sum of Seven hundred thousand Pounds, for the Ser- vice of His Majesty's Household, and other Uses therein mentioned, during His Majesty's Life:" And also,

An Act, passed in the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled,44 An Act for conti- nuing the Duties upon Low Wines, and upon Coffee, 44 Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures; and upon Hawkers, Pedlers, and Petty Chapmen; and upon 1-4 Mullins; and for granting new Duties upon several, 44 of the said Commodities, and also upon Callicoes, 44 China Wares, and DrugsAnd also.

An Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for Encou- ragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; 44 and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported; and for reducing the Duties upon Beaver Skins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs ira- ported, and for Importation of all Furs, of the Pro- duct of the British Plantations, into this Kingdom only; and that the Two Corporations of Assurancfe, 44 on any Suits brought on their Policies, shall be liable only to Single Damages and Costs of Suits;" were read. — And,

The Proceedings of the House, of the 19 th of December 1760, and the 23d of Jan 1761, relative to the

former Petition of the original Proprietors of the Verdigrease Manufacture at Newnham in Gloucestershire, were also read. — Then,

Mr. William Drew produced to your Committee, Extracts from the Rules and Orders of the Society for the Encouragement of Arts, Manufactures, and Commerce; whereby it appeared. That Two Premiums were given to Mr. Bindley, one of the original Proprietors of the Verdigrcafe Manufactory in this Kingdom; one of £. 50, in the Year 1763, for making 500 lb. wt. of good and marketable Verdigrease; and the other in 1764, of £. 100, for making Two Ton Weight.of the fame. — lie also produced to your Committee, a Copy ofaCer-Vot. 38.

1 ‘ r.

mt. *

v - ?

tificate of John Cope and Thomas Druggists at

Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, dated the 14th of February 1780; whereby they certify. That within these Five Years past they have sold to several of the Manufacturers and others of the said Town, sundry Quantities of the Chrystalized Verdigrease, made at the Newnham Verdigrease Works, in Gloucestershire; and that it had effectually answered the Purpose of the several Trades there, who before used the French Sort. — Then,

The Account of the Annual Imports and Exports of Verdigrease, from Christmasi 7Go to Christmas 1778, inclusive, referred to your Committee, was read; whereby it appears, that the Quantity imported and exported

during that Period, has been as follows; viz.

Imported. Exported.

Quantities. Quantities.

Pounds Weight. Pounds Weight.

In 1761 21,409 3*678

1762 68,351 596

1763 79,772 774

*764 111,876 1,632

j75 68,494 99°

1766 67*755 i,95

1767 99,661 2*549

1768 100,926 2,682

*769 I33»144 534

1770 145*463 *35°

1771 73,926 *77r

1772 74.36o 3*400

1773 53»378 170

*774 120,104 706

1775 I73»°95 418

1776 190,121 1,640

1777 189*033 i,6 42

1778 *45*335 1,696

And Mr. Godfrey Sykes being then examined»said, That hq is a Drug Broker — That he imports a great Quantity of Verdigrease, and has fold 10,000 Sacks in a Year- — That the Verdigrease imported is of the Manufacture of France, and is made chiefly at Mon tpelier — What he has for these last Fifteen Years fold English Verdigrease, ma-nufactured at Newnham in Gloucestershire — That he has taken Notice of both the English and FrenchVerdigreafe, and thinks the English preferable to the — That

he has fold the English Verdigrease to House and Sign Painters, and also to Farriers and Hatters, who, in general, think it equal to the French; and he has often fold it to Druggists, who much approve of it — That the Price of Foreign Verdigrease has fallen very much, since the Establishment of the Newnham Manufactory — That the Price of Verdigrease from the Year 1755 to the Year 1765, was from 15 d.to 3*. 4 per lib. according to the Dryness, and the moist Sort was then if. $d.per lib. — That from 1765 to 1775, the Price was from is. to is. 1 cd.and the Moist at is 3d.; and from 177510

1779, the Price was from if. to 2 6d. and the Moist was at is. — -That the present Price is from 10 to is. 8d.per lb. and the Moist at 10 — That

prior to the before-stated Times, from the Year 1747 to 1755, the Price of the dry was about 3^. lb.

and the moist about zod. — dThat the great Increase of the Importation of Verdigrease, from 1773 to 1779, has been greatly prejudicial to the British Manufactory.

A Member present then informed your Committee, That he has received Information from several Woollen Manufacturers of Gloucestershire, That Verdigrease has been disused in the dying Woollen Cloths forfome Years past. — Then,

Mr.

V>r1iereafe

Manuudlory

3 36 3 0 Aprllis. . 1781.

Mr. John Hopkins, the principal Proprietor of the riments of the Goodrtefsof it, and finds that 1 of the Nero n liamManufactory, was called in, and examined; French, whichcoft him is. 8 cl. did not go so far as i who said, That he has been a Proprietor of the fair! Ma- of which cost only 2 — That he tiles the dry

nu factory since the Year 1769 — That a Manufactory Sort, and thou Id prefer the if it was at the fanie

was established before the Year 1760, at which Time an Price as the French — That he had even rather give Application was made for an exclusive Privilege of something more for the than the on Ac-

making Verdigrease in this Kingdom — That, the Maim- count of its Quality

factory at Newnham, was established in the Year .1769; M r. Thomas was then examined, and said, He

and he produced to your Committee an Account of the is a Drug, gift, and has been in the Uufiness Thirty Verdigrease manufactured at Ncivnham, from the Year Years — that he lifts Verdigrease, and has imported it; — 1769 to the Year 1780 inclusive; by which it appears, That he has fold most of the Chrystal Sort t hat has been that 182,441 lb. has been manufactured there within made in — That he neier heard any Obj dioti

that Time; of which 122,556 lb. has bewP'fold" for to it — -That he fells it to Coach Painters — That he has Home Consumption, 19,235/C. exported, and 40,650 lb.fold th Verdigrease ever since it has been made now remains undisposed of at the Works — That the — That he used to fell it at 41'. Oil. per lib. but that it is Verdigrease used for Home Consumption is about, now lowered. — Then,:

50,000 lb, annually; and that there is now near sufficient Mr. Druggifl, being examined, said, That he

for Three Years Consumption upon Hand — That the has been in the Trade about Twenty Years'; and that Demand for Verdigrease of the Nexonliam Manufacture he apprehends the Quantity of Verdigrease ti fed by Paris not so gveat as it was Three or Four Years ago — That t iers to be very incousiderable; and that, the greatert the French Verdigrease is imported anid entered at the Quantity sold to any one Farrier docs mot amount to Customs as Dyers Goods, and is not subject to any Duty 2 Weight in a Year.

— That the Newnham Works have produced, for several Ordered, That the said Report beTtSssed'to the Con-Years past, more than the full Consumption of this sideration of a Committee of the wholmTlo.use. Kingdom, of the chryftalized "Sort; and would be able, this House will, upon Morij-

with Encouragement, ill Two or Three Years Time, to ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole furnish full Confinnption of the common Sort — That Houly, to consider of the said Report, they could afford the moist Sort at about is. per lb.

the Dry at about zs. and the Chfyftal (which has for- A Bill for hepealing the present Duties upon PapeK merly been fold for 5 s. 6dl per lb. and is the Sort Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, tnadc mGrcat usually ex}iorted to Raffia, Holland, and Portugal, and Britain, and for granting other Duties in l:eu thereof is about One Third of the whole Consumption) for was read a Second rime.

about 3.?. 6d. per lib. which would be £. 20 per Cent. Resolve d, I hat the Bill be committed.

cheaper than what it has been supplied at by the French, Rejoiced, That the Bill be committed to a Committee for the Period preceding the I all Three Years — That of the whole House.

a Capital of £. 10,000 has been sufficient to carry That this House will, Morn-

on the Manufactory; but that an additional £.5,000 ing next, resolve itfef into a Committee of the whole will enable the Company to fuVnifli the Whole. — House, upon the said- Bill.

Then,

Mr. Chff/lopher Toddyibeing flrewn the Account of An ingrossed Bill to permit the Importation of Flax

the Verdigreafe made at the MauufaCfory, and produced and Flax Seed into this Kingdom, in any Ship or Vessel by Mr. Hopkins, said, That he extracted the same from 'belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with Ilfs the Books of the Company; and that the same is a true Majesty, navigated with Foreign Mariners, during the Accourit. . present Hostilities, was read the Third Time.

Mr. Daniel Alcxandct was then examined; and fafd, Refolced, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title That he is a Dyer, and lives in the Parish of Saint Tho-be, An Act to per, mit the Importation of Flax and Flax mas, Southwark — That he uses Verdigrease in dying Of Seed into this Kingdom, or Ireland, in any Ship or Vef-Hiits — That be always used the French till he tried that . fd belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with made at the Newnham Manufactory, about Three Or His Majesty, navigated with Foreign Mariners, during Four Months ago — That he thinks it equally good in 'the prefimt Hostilities.

Quality with that of the French, and will answel* the That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the

Purpose of Hat Dying as well — That he means to use it Lords, and desire their Concurrence, in Preference to the Foreign, if the Manufactory is continued — That he ufOs abont Sixty Sacks in a Year, which James Smith, Deputy Messenger to the Great Seal; af-

are from 30 to 50 lb.Weight each — That it. fixes a fine tending, according to Order, was called in; and, at the Gloss upon the Hats; and that lie generally uses about Bar, examined in relation to the fending down of thy 1 lb.in the Dying of Two Dozen of Hats — That he thinks Writ, ordered to be issued upon (he 27th Day of March the Verdigrease mamifadnred at Newnham, clearer last, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present than that of the French — That the Chief of what they Parliament for the Borough of in the County

file is Of the moist Sort, and is, upon an Average, about of Devon.

t \ d. per lib. And then he was directed to withdraw.

Mr. Thomas Davis being then examined, said. That

lie is an Hat Maker, and lives in Nicholas Lane — That The Counsel and Agents beforementioned being

he uses the Verdigrease manufactured at Nexonham only, again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to at-and h&s used it for Fifteen Years and upwards — That tend the said SeledConmiittee, delivered into the House he used tp give from 14 d.to 15 d.per lb. but that it is One of the said Lifts, which had been fu uck by the said

now sold at lor/. — That the Fall is owing to the Rival- Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of fiiip, not to the Change of the Markets — That he uses the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining about 1 lb. to Two Dozen of Hats. — Then, unstruck; which last mentioned Lift was read; and is

Mr. Philip Buck lei/ being examined, said. That he is a as follows:

House Painter and Floor Cloth Manufacturer — That he F.squire, Sir Richard ITotham, John

uses Verdigrease in House Painting and Floor Cloth Shaw Stuart, F.squire, Sir Robert Smy the Baronet, Painting — That he uses from Two to Three Cut. Henry Bankvs, Esquire, Thomas K cm ye, Ekjuirp, Daniel ina Year — That he did not ule the English Verdi- Pfl/7.trG>d\ Esquire, Lord Charles Spencer, RarneBarne, grease till lately — That he has lately made'Expe- Esquire, <S7c>/)£t, Esquire, the honourable

2 { Frederick

Supply Ri!!; Duties on Paper.

In* portion of Flax, &c.

Honiron Licit ioti.

Plymouth L lection.

Ho niton Election.

East India Company'? Charter.

Elr&ion

Petitions.

2i Geo. lit.

3 4

Frederick Robinson, Sir Edward Ajiley, Baronet, Lord Y ifeount Maitland.

And thereupon the said Thirteen Members immediately withdrew.

And the said Counsel and Agents also withdrew.

The Thirteen Members before mentioned being returned to the House, the said Counsel and Agents were again called in to the Bar.

And the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, informed the House, That the said Thirteen Members had, by themselves, chosen Filmer and John Wilmot, Esquires, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And the Names of the said Filmer and

John Wilmot, Esquires, were added to the said Lift, of

Thirteen Members.

And the said Fifteeti Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of John Culme, Esqttire; and also the Petition of the Reverend John Julian, Clerk, John , George Bough-ton. Thomas Woolcnmbe, and Thomas , Gentlemen,

all legal Voters of the Borough of , in the County of Devon, on Behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the same Borough, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew'.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet fbrthwith in the Third Committee Chamber appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Then James Smith, Deputy Messenger to the Great Seal, was again called in, and, at the Bar, further examined in relation to the fending down of the Writ, ordered to be issued upon the 27th Day of March last, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of / in the County of Devon.

And then he was again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said James Smith do attend this House upon ThurJ'day Three Weeks, the 26th Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That Mr. Harry Harmood, Messenger attending the Great Seal, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That the Directors of the India Company do lav before this House, a Copy of a certain Letter, or Paper, communicated by Lord North to the Chairman and Deputy of the East India Company, containing Lord North's Ideas on the Renewal of the Charter of the said Company.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 40 die Afrilit; Anno 2i® Georgii III'11 Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

THE House was moved. That the Resolution of the House, of the 19th Day of March last, " That " this House will not, in this Session of Parliament, take into Consideration any of the Petitions presented to this House, complaining of an undue " Election or Return of Members to fervC in Parliament, which are appointed to be heard after the u Petitions of Robert Ker, of Cockertoun, Esquire, * commonly called Lord Robert Ker, and of the Free-« holders of the County of Roxburgh thereunto fub-VoL. 38.

337

" feribing, severally complaining of an undue Election " and Return for the said County," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The House was moved, That the several Orders, appointing the Days for taking into Consideration the several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, which have been presented to this House, in this Session of Parliament, and have not been already taken into Consideration (except the Order for taking into Consideration the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the'Borough of Milborne Port, in the County of SomerJ'et) might be read.

And the said Orders being severally read accordingly, the same were, on the Questiou being severally put thereupon, ordered to be discharged.

Ordered, That the Petition of Samuel Petrie, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, be taken into Consideration upon the ift Day

of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of John BuUer, Esquire; and also the Petition of Sir William Lemon, and others, Freeholders within the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Comivall, on Behalf of themselves and all the other Freeholders within the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, betaken into Consideration upon the 2d Day of August next, at Three of the Clock iii the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition 0 Mauger, Esquire,

on Behalf of himself and John Adam's, Esquire; and also the Petition of several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants and Housholders, and also paying Scotland bearing Lot, within the Borough and County of the Town of Poole, in Behalf of themselves and others in like Manner Inhabitants and Houftiolders within the same, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town of Poole, in the County of Dorset, be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 3d Day of Au next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Robert Forjteg, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town of Newark upon Trent in the County of Nottingham, betaken into Consideration upon the

4th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Potter, Ef-

quire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, be taken into Consideration upon Monday the 6th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of certain Electors of the Borough of Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Electors of the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 7th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of J Esquire,

complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday the 8th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the After* noon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the honourable Temple Luttrell, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 9th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

4 R Ordered

Milborne

Po»t

Election.

Cricklade

Election.

S*lta(h

Election*

Poole

Ele&iou.

Newark upon Trent Election*

Cambridge

Election*

Ivelchester

Election.

Hindon

Election.

Reading

Election.

?rnrvn

Liution.

Barnstaple

Election.

Elgin,

&c.

Election.

Stockbridge

Election.

Great

Marlow

Election.

Newcastle upon Tyne Election.

Stafford

Election.

Stirling,

Sec.

Election.

Bristol

-Election.

Hellefton

Election.

338 ApriliS. ^.1781,

Ordered, That the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Borough of in the County of Cornwall, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Boron?1', betaken into Consideration upon the 10U1 Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of William,

Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for t he Borough of Banjluple, in the County of Devon, betaken iutoConsideration upon1 ith Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the After*

noon. '

Ordered, That the Petition of Major General James Grant, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Boroughs of Elgin, Cullen, Banff, Kintore, and Inventry, be taken into Consideration upon

Monday the 13th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Sir Willoughby , Baronet, and Robert Mayne, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of bridge, in the County of Southampton, he taken into Considerationupon Tuesdaythe 141I1 Day of Augustnext, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Paul Esquire,

complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Great Marlow, in the County of Buckingham, be taken into Consideration upon Wednes'day the 15 th Day of August uext, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Thomas Delaval, Esquire; and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Burgesses and Electors of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, on Behalf of themselves and others, Burgesses and Electors of the said Town, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Town, be taken into Considerationupon Thursdaythe 16th Day of at

.Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Electors of the Borough of Stafford, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 17th Day of next, at

Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition Esquire of Forest, Burgher and Guild Brother of the Town of Stirling, and Member of the Town Council of the Burgii of Innerkiething, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Burghs of Stirling,

Queensferry, Dumfermline, and Innerkiething, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday the 18th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Henry Cruger, Esquire; and also the Petition of divers Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders and Free Burgesses of the City and County of the City of,

severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, be takeu into Consideration upon Monday the aotli Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of John , Esquire, the Mayor of the Borough of in the County

-of Cornwall, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freemen of the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 2 ill Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Mr. Polk reported front the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Isolds, intituled, An Act to enable John Tripe, Clerk, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and life the Surname and Arms of Sxcele. Was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations*of the Hill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: Aud lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's T able.

And the said Bill was read tbs Third Time,

Re/ulved, That the Bill do pal's.

Ordered, That Mr. Palic do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Herbert Mackioorth, from the Select: Committee

appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Sir James Marriott, complaining of an undue

Election and Return for the Bbrough of Sudbury, ill t he County of Suffolk, informed the House, That Thomas

.Peter Legh, Esquire, one of the Members of the said Select Committee, bad, on the Adjournment of the Committeethis Day, found himself so very much indisposed, in c^nsequence of a Fall from his Ilorfe on Monday last, that he was under Apprehensions he should not be able to attend the said Select Committee To-morrowy and had therefore deli red that the House might be informed thereof, and that he might have Leave to absent himself from any further Attendance on the said Select Committee, if he should be prevented by the Consequences of the said Accident from attending the said Select Committee Tomorrow.

Ordered, That lLeave be given to the said Mr. Legh to absent himself from any further Attendance on the said Committee, if his Health shall not permit him to attend Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do proceed, pursuant to their Ad journment, notwithstanding the said Mr. I-egh should not then attend.

A MefTage from the Lords by Mr. Holford and Mr. Bic knell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Pa-rifli of I lining ton, in the County of Warwick-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, as well within the Parish and Township of Rothley, as within the Extra-parochial Liberty of Rothley Temple, in the County of Leicester; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Ilughfon, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Remainder of the Exchequer Bills issued by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or " Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Eighty."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read;

The said Account is as folJoweth;

T Mp»'s Name.

SudburV

Election;

Ilmington

Inclosure.

Rothley

Inclosure.

Account of

Exchequer

Hills.

ai CjEO. III. 4# Jpritk. 339

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Remainder of the Exchequer Bills issued by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans " or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty."

The Remainder of the Exchequer Bills, issued by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amounts to the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds.

Exchequer* the 4th Day of April 1781.

John Hug

Memorandum:

That besides the above Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, there has been issued at the Exchequer the Sum of One Million Four hundred thousand Pounds, as appears by an Account delivered to this Honourable House the 5th Day of March 1781, which Sums together amount to One Million Nine hundred thousand Pounds, and are in full of the Sum granted by the above Act.

.1

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Hdufe.

Cokhffor Sir Robert Smyth reported from the Committee, to Streets, whom the Bill for continuing and making more effec-

&c* tual several Acts of Parliament, passed for cleansing

and making navigable the Channel from The Hythe at Colchester to Wivenh oe, in the County of Effei, and for repairing and cleansing the Streets of the Town of Colchester, and also for lighting the Streets and

Lanes, and for preventing Annoyances, in the said Town, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several of the Commissioners for cleansing and making navigable the Channel from The Hythe at Colchester to Wivenhoe, in the County of Essex, and of several Merchants, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants of the Town of Colchester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, interested in the Navigation of the said Channel, was referred; That the Committee had coulidered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the CJerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One -, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, W'ith the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Salt vied A Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act, made Matiue Acid. 'n Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, which relate to the reducing the Duties on foul Salt used for Manure, to foul Salt to be used in making Marine Acid and fixed Fofiil, or Mineral Alkali, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Vox.. 38.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Charges, Civil, Military, and Marine, incurred by the EajtIndia Company in Bengal, Bahar, and OriJJa -, also at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and in the Five Northern Circars; also at the Presidencies of Bombay and Bencoolen; from April 1778 to the latest Accounts received from distinguishing

each Year, and specilying the different Heads of such Charges at each Presidency and Settlement respectively, together with the Gross Amount thereof.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of allowing, during the present Hostilities, any Goods or Commodities of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture, of any Island, Colony, or Plantation, belonging to, or under the Dominion of, the Crown of Portugal, and all Sorts of Wool, Barilla, and Jesuits Bark, to be imported into this Kingdom, or Ireland, in Neutral Vessels.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in Execution in Wood Street Compter, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have been confined in Wood Street Compter

above

Account of East India Military Charges.

Importation

of

Portugal

Goods.

Debtors.

340 4 Aprilis.A. 1781.

above Two Years, and flatter themselves that, upon the most minute Enquiry, their Misfortunes will be found to have proceeded from unforeseen and unavoidable Accidents in Trade, and wholly free from any Imputation of Fraud; and that the Petitioners, from their long Confinement, are not only entirely ruined in their Trade and Circumstances, but have beeft obliged to part with every Necessary they had, to support themselves and Families; and representing to the House, that, at the Time of the late Riots, the Petitioners were liberated from the Gaol of Street by the Mob, but, from a Consciousness of the Rectitude of their Conduct, their Hopes of Relief, by the Interposition of the Legislature, and their Unwillingness to any Infringement on, but to act in Conformity to, the Lavvs of their Country, chose rather to return to their Confinement then enjoy an illegal Liberty; and in this Resolution they were strengthened by the Sheriffs 1 Fright and Pugh, who pledged themselves to use their utmost Endeavours in Behalf of the Petitioners; and that, upon the puffing the late Act of Indemnity to Sheriffs, Gaolers, &c. the Petitioners found it was not possible for them to receive the same Benefit as other Prisoners enjoyed by surrendering in Discharge of their Bail, in conformity to the Limitations of the said Act, thereby obtaining their Liberty until called upon to surrender by public Advertisement; and the Petitioners are also deprived of the Benefit of through

their extreme Necessities, although they were advised they are equally entitled to the Benefit of the said Act with the Prisoners of The King's Bench and Fleet Prisons, but chuse wholly to rely on the Humanity of the House: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Bridge Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, Road*, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term of an Act,

made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign c f his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending and widening the Roads leading " from Stretford's Bridge, in the County of Hertford,

" to The Nezo Inn, in the Parish of Winfantow, iii the " County of Salop; and also the Road from' Blue " Mantle Hall, near Mortimer'sl.o in the said County of Hereford; and for repealing so " much of an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year " of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to " the Road from Mortimer's Cross to Bridge,"

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto , which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty;

An Account of Extraordinary Services incurred, and Account of paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Pay- Army

matter General of His Majesty's Forces, between the Extras.

31st of January 1780 and the ift of 17S1,

and not provided for by Parliament.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Account of the Distribution of £.900,000, Part Ditt« of the Sum of One Million, granted to His Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences incurred or to be incurred, on Account of Military or Ordnauce Services, for the Year 1780.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

1

1

J

An

-flj

21 GEQ. Ill

4° Aprilis

341

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, between the 31st of January 1780 and the ift of 1781,

anil not provided for by Parliament.

A

Datfs of Warrants.

iy8o.

July

27.

Jug.

3-

Sept. 30.

Oct. 19.

Nov. 6.

24.

Dec. 13.

*9-

1781. Jan. 10.

To Thomas Harley and Henry Drummond, Esquires, in full of a Warrant for

£. 50,000, to be by them applied and in vested in the purchasing 'ind Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces

serving in North America - - - £. 5,845 9 2

To D\ to be by them inverted in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces

serving in D8 - 100,000 ---

To D*,-to be by them inverted in Spani/k and Portugal Coins, for the Ufcand Serviceof His Majesty's Forces serving in D* - . - - - - 111,987 it 11

To D\ to be by them inverted in Spanish waA Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces

serving in D8.....133,791 8 9

To D°, to be by them inverted in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces serving in Q* - - - - *50,000 — ,

To D\ to be by them inverted in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the UfeandService of His Majesty'sForces,

serving inD8- - - - - . 286,58* 5 7

To D % to be by them inverted in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the JJfeand Service of His Majesty's Forces, serving inD°- - 7 ' - - 14&OI. i«8 6

To D % to be by them inverted in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Serviceof His Majesty's Forces serving inD8 - 154,480 18 9

To I) % to be by them inverted in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Serviceof His Majesty's Forces serving in D* - - - - - 110,712 1* 3

To D % to be by them inverted in Spanish and Portugal

Coins, for the Use and Service of HisMqjerty'sForces . r

serving in D® 12,976 j u

To D8, to be by then invested in the purchasing Spanish and Portugal Coins,' for the life and Service of His Majesty's Forces serving in D8 - 372,950 15 7

To D8,. to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Ufa and Service of His Majesty'sForces serving in D8 - - - t 82,101 7 3

To D*„to be by them inverted in Spanish and Portugal Coins, ordered to be iffned as for the American Ser- . vice, but aehioHy sent for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Troops at Gibraltar and Minaret, and for the Use of the Troops sent with Commodore Johnstone..... - - 75,000 — < -r

s.

d.

Towards the aforegoing Payments to Messrs. and

Drummond, apply the following Sums; .

Cnlh received at sundry Times of General Governor of Gibraltar, on Account of the Subsistence of the Forces serving in that Garrison 34,065 — — Ditto received of General Murray, Governor of Minorca, for D° of the Forces serving in that Garrison - 6,932 5 o

*>845»44-1 4 ft

1780.

Feb. 11.

March 20.

Vol. 38-

4°>997 5 *0

To Sir JVmJames, Baronet, Abel Smith, Wm Baynes, and Rich* Atkinson,

Efrpiires, for Provisiong. delivered at Quebec, for the Use of the

Forces serving in Canada To Sir JP* James, Baronet, Abel Smith, Jr? Roberts, and Richd Atkinson, Esquires, for Pro vifioas delivered

into Storehoufoa at Deptford and elsewhere, on th© River Thames, for the Use of the Forces in D*

4S

31b an

64^56 13 4

1,804,443 18 *

To

4 ° Aprilis

342

A. 1

Dates of Wtrrants.

1780. March 20.

April 11.

29.

May 26.

7"(y 8.

Aug. 11.

Oct. 24. Nov. 13.

March 23.

April 6. 11.

May 24. July*. Nov. 1. March 23.

April 11. May 24. June 28. Aug. 25. Nov. 1. June 22.

March 23.

iVrty 19.

Ju/yS. Aug. 11.

25-

6.

March 23.

April 11. May 19.

24.

July 8. April 11.

May 24.

June 2. April 14.

3-

To Sir Wm James, Baronet, Abel Smith, Jn° Roberts, and

RichdAtkinson, Esquires, for Provisionsdelivered into Storehouses at Deptford, and elsewhere, on the River Thames, for the Use of the Forces serving in Canada To D®, for D* Service ——

To D\ for D® Service ——

To D®, for D® Service ——

To D®, for D° Service ——

To D®, for Provisions delivered into Stores at Cowes, for the Use of D® Forces - -

To D*, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service - -

To D®, for Provisions delivered at Deptford and Cowes, for the Use of D* Forces -To Jtf Durand, Esquire, for Provisions delivered into Stores at Cor he, for the Use of the Forces serving at New York and its Dependencies, in Georgia, and in East Florida ——

To D®, for D° Service ——

To D®, for D* Service - - -

To D®, for D* Service ——

To D°, for D" Service -

To D', for D° Service - -

To Adam Drummond, Moses Franks, and

Esquires, for Provisions delivered into Storehouses at Corke, for the Use of the Forties serving in North America ——

To D°, for D* Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for DtService -

To D®, for D® Service -

To the Representatives of Arnold Nejkitt, and to Adam Drummond and Moses Franks, Esquires, for Provisions spoiled by the Loss of the Betfey Transport -To Sir George Wombwell, Baronet, Jn* Henniker, and Wm Devaynes, Esquires, for Provisiotis delivered into Storehouses at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving at New York and its Dependencies, in Georgia, and

in Raft Florida - - - ‘

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service ——

To D", for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service ——

To D", for D® Service ——

To D®, for D® Service - -

To D®, for D* Service ——

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service -

To D°, for D® Service ——

To Tluf Hazelwood, Esquire, for Provisions delivered into Storehouses at Corke, for the Use of the Forces fervingat NezvYork and its Dependencies* in Georgia, and in East Florida ——

To Render Mason and John Whitelock, Esquires, for Provisions delivered into Storehouses at j for the Use of the Forces serving at New York and its Dependencies, in Georgia, and in East Florida To D®, for D® Service -To D®, for D® Service - -

To D®, for D® Service -To D®, for D® Service -

To Ja‘ Bogle French, Esquires, for Provisions delivered into Storehouses at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving at New York and its Dependencies, in Georgia, and in East Florida ——

To D®, for D® Service - - - - «

To D®, for D® Service ——

To lietift Smith, Wm Filzhugh, and Ja* Powis, Esquires, for Provisions delivered into Storehouses at Corke, for the Use of the Forces serving in America To D®, for D* Service ——

To D®, ibr D® Service ——

c s. d. 5,909 3 10

26,500 ——

7,408 8 2

18,015 5 8

34,885 9 7

77,75* — 10

34,593 8 IO

»2,04 5 18 9

4,122 16 3

9,821 12 6

l99 *5 6

3»>i3 5 —

16,846 *7 6

2,874 18 3

2,364 7 6

9

6,243 *4 9

i4,97 8 9

22,439 11 —

21,848® 2 8

8,236 3 —

8,256 *5 ®

78.3 12 —

11,892 10

11,003 *3 10

4,454 *3 9

2,981 *5 —

11,031 18 4

11,040 *3 6

20,091 2 6

*0,974 — 1

7,601 10 —

1,902 *9 —

9,779 2

10,829 _

9

6

3,42i 7

13,398 18 1,992 7 1,063 11 3

1,786 5 —

5,459 10 ~ 3,374 15 *

1,274 *3 7

24,156 1

14,751 12

35,944 7

s i Geo. III.

40 Aprilts

343

Dates of Warrants.

1780. April 19.

Aug 3-Nov. 13. March 10.

20.

April 11. 29. June 2.

full/ 8j

20. Aug. 11.

Nov. 13.

Dec. 7. March 10.

April 19.

June 19.

A?- 3-Tune 15.

*9-

July z a.

Aug. 3. Nov. 13.

Feb. 22.

t 1 Vol. 3S.

To Maync, Esquire, for Provisions delivered into Storehouses at Corke, for the Use of the Forces, serving in America - -

To D®, for I)* Service -

To D®, for D® Service ——

To Jn° Stephenson and Jif Blackburn, Esquires, for Provisions delivered into Storehouses at Deptford, and else>vhefe on the River Thames, for the Use of the Forces serving in Nova Scotia, and Newfoundland -To D®, for D® Service ——

To D°, for D* Service ——

To D°, for D® Service ——

To D®, for D® Service - -

1 o D®, for D® Service - -

To Jn° StephenJ'on and Jn° Bl Esquires, for vic-

tualling the Forces at Sain John's, and its Dependencies, between 44th December 1778 and 9th December 17/g, and for Provisions condemned -To D® for victualling the Forces at D®, between the 10th and 31st December 1779, and for Provisions condemned _____ »

To D®, for Provisions delivered into Storehouses, at Deptford, and elsewhere on the River Thames, for the Use of the Forces serving in Nova Scotia and Newfoundland -

To D®, for victualling the Forces at Nova Scotia, between the 3d November 1779, and 18th April 1780 To D", for victualling the Forces at Nova Scotia and Saint John's, Newfoundland, between the ill of January and 12th May 1780, and for Provisions condemned at Saint John's, N

To D", for Provisions issued to the Forces at Saint John's and its Dependencies, in Newfoundland, between the 13th May and 28th July 1780, and for Provisions condemned - -

To D®, for Provisions issued to the Forces at Halifax, He. in Nova Scotia, between the 19th April and 13th June 1780 ——

To Jna Stephenson and Jn° Blackburn, Esquires, for Provisions delivered into Storehouses at Deptford, and elsewhere on the River Thames, for the Use of the Forces serving in West Florida -To D®, for victualling the Civil Branch of the Ordnance at Pensacola, between the ift October 1778 and 30th

September 17 79, for Provisions supplied to the Post at Manchae, to 29th August 1779; and for D® delivered to Jn° Larimer, Hospital Surgeon, between the 25th

December 1778 and 24th Dec 1779 To Jn° Stephenson and Jn° Blackburne, Esquires, for Provisions issued to the Troops at Redcliffe, Pensacola, and Mobille, to 24th December 1779 j and for Provisions condemned at Pensacola -To D®, for Provisions condemned in West between the 18th of November 1779 and 20th January

1780 -

To Render Mason, Esquire, for victualling the Forces in EaJ't Florida, and the Out Polls, between the 25th Juncund 24th October 1779 -

To D®, for Provisions sent by him to Saint Augustine, and ordered from thence to Georgia -

To D®, for victualling the Forces in the Garrison of St.

Augustine, between the 24 th Feb* and 3d April 1780 To D®, for victualling D®, between the 25th October 1 779 and 23d February. 1780 *

To D®, for Provisions issued to the Out Polls dependent on the Garrison of Saint Augustine, between 25th October 1779 an(* 24th April 1780, and for Provisions condemned -

To Anthony Bacon, Esquire, for Provisions delivered into Storehouses at Deptford, and elsewhere on the River Thames, for the Use of the Forces serving in the West Indies - - - - t * -

f. s. d. 17,178 — 11

I7»39° 9 11

452 10 —

19,801 7 5

7,500 ——

11,894 11 — 3,191 12 9

29,256 12 5

19,162 19 2

4,047 5 10

807 3 9

1,222 1 3

27>75° 5 6

2,194 — 7

*,563 5 ~

4,534 19 2

9,060 1 5

6,116 12 5

10,523 13 9

623 17 6

4*447 3 6

6,694 10 2

984 17 6

2,438 10 1

1,907 16 8

10,480 . 1 6

To

344

4° Aprilis.

Dates of Warrant!.

1780. April 6.

May 19. June 28. Nov. -28.

Feb. 11. 29'

June 19. Aug. 29.

June 23.

1780. March zo.

July 20. 21.

May 1.

To Anthony Bacon, Esquire, for Provisions delivered into Storehouses at Deptford, and el few here on the River Thames, for the Use of the Forces serving in

the West Indies....

To D°, for D® Service -....

To D*f for D® Service - -

To D®, for D# Service r - t

To D® for Provisions delivered at Cozces, for the Use of 0° Forces t

To George Browne, Esquire, for Provisions, Stores, and Difourfements, for the Use of the Garrison at Gorce - .- - - 3.505 8 5

To D®, for sundry Goods shipped for the Use offhe Troops in Garrison at G/oree - 1,93$

To D®, for Provisions sent to D° - 2,014

To D®, for Wine and other Artioles

sent to D® - - - - 5*957 6 9

3

3

10

9

To Sir George Wombiocll, Contractor for victualling the

Garrison of Gibraltar, for victualling the fame, between the 17th January and 12 th March 1780

Towanjls the Expence of Provisions delivered to the British Forces in North America, Nava Scotia, Ntuor foundland, fee. apply the Sqm voted upon Eilunqte 1789, for that Service - - 112,927 4 —

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the Foreign D*, forving in D\ apply the Sonj voted upon D® 48,801 io 6

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the British D®, serving in the fi'e/i Indies, apply the Sum voted upon D® - - - - 17,73a *4 —

Also the Sum stopped for Provisions delivered to the said Force* between the 45th Q (June 1779 and 24th of December following 1 69,237 la 4!

Ditto for D®, delivered to the iaid

Forces, between the 25th o (

heri9 79andthai4thof7MK<?i7So 64,399 3 lli Towarqs the Expence of Provisions

delivered to the Corpsin Afr

ply the Sum voted upon Estimate 1780, for that Service - - 5,000 -rr. —

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered ta the British Forces ferviqg- at Gibraltar, apply the

1780,

Sum voted upon Estimate for that Service Also the Sqm voted upon D® for Provisions delivered to the Foreign D® fefviqg in Garrison -

- 29,878 11 2

9,390 4Q

iS.477

8.399

4>*®3

19.361

13

*7

5

4

d.

2

3

10

2,601 18 -

10,413 9

8,391 9

6

916,770 19 7

357.367 6 2$

To Thomas Harley, Esquire* upon Account, for IVovisions sent by him for the Supply of thq Garrison of Minorca - - 14,000 — —

To D® for D® Service - - - 6,000 — — -

To D® for a Balance of an Account of Beef sent to D®

Garrison, between the 21 December 1773, and 30th

January 1780 ----- -- 4,254 13 6

To Thomas Farrer, Esquire, for a Cargo of Wheat, shipped for the Use of D® Garrison ... 1,190 — 9

To D®, for D® Service ----- - 896 12 o

To D®, for D® Service ----- - 883 18 —

April 11. To Henry Budd, Esquire, for keeping up Provisions in the Island of

Jersey....

Mayig. To D®, for D® Service in the Bland of Guernsey- - 313 — 4 Aug. 11, To D®, for D* Service in D® - - - - 313 — 4

Nov.24. To D", for D® Service d* the Island of Jersey - - 313 — 4

A. 1781.

59.4^3 13 Ah 27>5 4

s i Geo. IIL

Dues of Warrants.

4° Apri

1780. . April 11.

May 19. Nov. 14. -4*

June 28.

March 20.

July 19. May 19.

>hf 7-27. Aug. 11.

0 25'

Sept. 19.

30.

T Dec. a. March 20.

May 1.

26.

June 30.

31.

Aug. 21.

Oc?. 24.

-V*\ 24. -Dec, 21.

To VF* Budd, Esquire, for keeping lip Provisions in the I Hand of Jersey. ——

To IT, for IT Service in the Iflaivd of Guernsey -To D°, for IT Service in IT

To I)', for D° Service in the Island of Jersey - -

I s- d.

3°° ——

3°° ——

3°o — — 300 ——

To Simon Frafer, Esqnirp, being a Bidance due and payable to him for fun Hilling Bread, Wood, S'c. to the Forces encamped in the \ ear

i/yS

To Jn° Mulon, Esquire, upon Account* for fopplying D° to the Forces encamped in the Summer 1779 To D°, for D° Service -

To Matthew Cox, Esquire, by way of Advance, on Account, for sup plying D° to the Forces encamped in the Summer 1780 -

To IT, in further Advance for D° Service v -

To D°, iti further Advance for IT Service

14,605 12 5

8,500 i53°o'

10,000 . > 4 v5°°

4 >5 00'

To D°, in further Advance for IT Scry ice - - 4,5°° '

rFo IT, in further Advance for D° Service , 4,500 —

To D°, in further Advance for IT Service - - 4x500 " *

To D°, in further Advance for IT Service - - 4,500 —

To D°, in further Advance for IT Service - - 4,207 1 I

To Messers. Mure, Son, & Atkinson, for Freight of sundry Ships employed

in carrying Provisions and Stores to North America, for the Use of the

Forces there - - - - 915 18 8

I'o IT, lor IT Service . - - - i,939 A 1

To IT, for IT Service - - - - 1,092 10 11

To IT, for IT Service - - - - 482 6 6

To IT, for D" Service - - - - 216 19 1

To D°, for IT Service - . - - - 1,440 17 10

To IT, for IT Service - - - - 1.633 6 9

To IT, for IT Service - - - - 752 7 4

T o D % for IT Service . - - - - 17,414 9 1

To IT, for D° Service - - - - 689 7 9

To D°, for D° Service - - - - 2>529 *5 8

To IT, for IT Service - - - 465 5 6

To IT, for IT Service - - - 726 19 10

To IT, for IT Service - - - 51° — 9

To D°, for Dc Service - - - - i°.734 15

To D°, for D° Service - - - - 3.309 6 t

To IT, for D° Service - - - - 158 6 9

To IT, for D° Service - - - - 929 6 8

To D°, for D° Service - - - - 376 7 2

To D°, for D° Service - - 419 J9 1

To D°, for IT Service - - - - 5.001 15 11

To IT, for IT Service - - - - 915 i3 8

To IT, for IT Service - - - - 694 5 2

To IT, for IT Service - - - - .216 19 1

To IT, for IT Service - - - - 5433 9 I X

To IT, for IT Service - - , - ! 499 7 7

To D°, for IT Service - - . - . 2,992 12- 6

To IT, for IT Service - - - 1.039 1 1

To IT, for D° Service - . - - 182 14 —

To D°, for D° Service - - - 379 7 1

To D°, for IT Service - - *. - . 1-453 1 5

To IT, for IT Service - - - - 689 j 9

To D°, for IT Service - - - 1,071 16 9

To IT, for D" Service - - - - 25»2 75 — 3

To IT, for IT Service* _ - - . *>197 5 10

To IT, for IT Service - - 158 6 9

To IT, for IT Service *- - - 746 12 8

To IT, for IT Service _ - - - 694 5 2

To IT, for IT Service - - ' 376 7 2

To IT, for IT Service - - - - 216 19 1

To IT, for D° Service - - - - 4 >73 2 3 5

To IT, for D° Service _ ... - - 1.135 3 6

To IT, for IT Service - - - 43s 9 7

To IT, for IT Service - - - - 1,293 10 4

To IT, for D Service - - - - 182 14 —

To IT, for IT Service - T - - 6,253 5 5

To IT, for IT Service - - - - 633 7 2

345

£ s- <!

i>452 t 4'

656/2 13 6

V.

OL. ;.;8.

4T

To

A. 1781

346'

40 Aprilis.

Dates of Warrants.

1780.

Dec. 21.To MefTrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinfo for Freight of sundry

Ships employed in carrying Provisions and Stores to £. s. d.

North America, for the Use of the Forces there - 470 2 11

March 20. To MefTrs. Mure, Son, and Atfor the Hire and Maintenance of Extra Seamen put on board sundry Ships employed in carrying Provisions and Stores to North America, for the Use of the Forces there - 4,262 7 6

May 1. To I)", for T)* Service ----- - 13,401 1 4

26. To I)*, for 1)° Service ----- - 5,190 9 g

June30. To D°, for IT Service ----- - 1,101 4 1

July 3 1. To IT, for D' Service ----- - 3,854 12 1

Oil. 24.To I)*, for I)0 Service ----- - 1,097 11

Dec.2t. To D", for D° Service ----- - 7,161 7 2

June 30. To MefTrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for the Value of the Ship Duke of

Iteinster, taken by the French, while employed in carrying Provisions to North America ----- - 2,826 5 4

Aug.21. To D° for the Value of the Ship taken by the Enemy while employed in carrying Oats to America - 1,507 10 4

Aug. 31. To the Hereditary Prince of llejfe for Levy Money for 70 Ilanau

Recruits

Nov. 14. To the Margraveofy#«/^iflc/i, towards Payment of an Account of Pay and Levy Money for Recruits -To the Landgrave of Hejje, for Levy Money for 931 Recruits, for the Troops of the said Landgrave -17. To the Prince of Anhalt for D\ for 172 Recruits

March 20. To MefTrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for Shoes sent to

Jamaica ——

To D°, for Clothing, Horse Accoutrements, and Stores sent to Georgia for the Service of the Forces there -July 14. To D°, for Barrack Furniture, and other Stores, shipped for the Forces in Canada - -

To D#, for Vinegar sent to America, for the Service of the Forces there ——

31. To D*, for Oats sent for the Use of the Forces in North America ——

Aug. 11. To D°, for Camp Equipage, Accoutrements, Clothing, and Stores, shipped for the Service of the Forces in America ——

To IT, for D® Service ——

Ocl. 24. To IT, for Oats sent for the Use of the Forces in North America ——

Nor. 28. To IT, for Accoutrements, Clothing, and Stares, sent to America, for the Service of the Forces there -To D°, for Camp Equipage, Accoutrements, and Stores, sent to D®, for the Service' of D® Forces July 14. To Thomas Ilarley, Esquire, for Clothing, Blankets, and I lose, sent for the Service of the Army in Canada 24* To IT, for Clothing sent to the Provincial Troops in North America - -

To IT, for IT Service ——

To IT, for sundry Articles of Clothing sent for the Use of the Army in D® -

To IT, for sundry IT for the 10th, 45th, and 52d, Regiments of Foot, to replace the Clothing of these Regiments, taken for the Use of the Provincial Troops -

1781.

Jan. 12. To IT, for Blankets provided for the Troops in the West Indies ——

1780.

March 11. To IF Knot, Esquire, for Presents to the Indians on the Mujynito Shore ——

May i. To IT, for Presents to the Indians in Canada

To IT, for Presents to the Indians in the South District of America ——

Dec. 14. To IT, for Presents to the Indians in West Florida March 23. To John Trotter, Esquire, for Hospital Bedding, and divers Utensils for the Use of the Forces in Lucia ——

April 7. To IT, for D® for the Use of the Forces in Jamaica

5°5

*> 3

1,230 — —

6,720 13 I

1,602 11 3

i»55g *5 1

2>T93 5 9

7»^43 *7 7

2,230 O O 2

23,420 3 1

9.356 1 1

6,830 10 7

3>9lS T9 9

7'7°.3 5 7

1.699 12 —

6,468 12 6

9.733 6 2

9,282 4 8

6,491 11 5

8 4

I»47I 5 9

4.731 l7 —

13,024 10 6

8,372 1 6

7»225 5 11

2,068 18 3

2,999 10 3

L

d.

112,010 17 8

36,068 14 !

4.333 *5 *

10,058 10 7

To

4° Aprilis

21 Geo. III.

Dates of Warrant*.

1780.

May

Sept. 25.

*77* Dec. r.

1780.

Feb. 8.

March 1.

13-

*7-

20.

12.

April 20.

5.

8.

10.

21.

26. June 2.

I5*

16.

29-

July 4.

6.

To JW/k Trotter, Esquire, for Hospital Bedding, and divers Utensils, for the Use of the Forces in North America - -

To D°, for Stores for the Hospital in North America, and for the Use of the Sick in the Infirmary at bolo House, Chelsea, in the Year 1780 - -

To Captain Wm Barrington, in Consideration of the

Lodes he sustained in the Transport Brig,

in his Passage to Halifax, and in the Minerva Transport in returning from Rhode to New

York r ——

To Captain Step" Watts, for the Cure of a Wound received in Action near Fort Stanwix, in North America ——

To Captain Edwd Barron, being His Majesty's Bounty

for the Loss of the Use of his Leg, in the Action at Bunker's Hill, 17th June 1775 - -

To the Representatives of the late Major General Scott, for Clothing of the 26th Regiment, taken by the Rebels in Canada, A* 1775 - -

To Colonel Geo.Garth, for the Lodes he sustained in Baggage and Camp Equipage, by the Capture of the Ship Champion by the French -To Mr. Ja‘ Mc Ilrailh, for the Value of sundry Articles

delivered at Goree, for His Majesty's Service -To Captain Jit Jones, in Consideration of his L des by the Capture of the Ship Champion, taken by the French the 2 jth September 1779 To Mr. Ja‘ Thomas, for Bread supplied for the Use of the Government of Grenada *

To Mr. Rich* Littlewort, for Repairs of his Ship, damaged during the Invasion of Quebec, in the Years 1775 and 1776 - -

To Captain Urquhart, for Lodes sustained by him by the Capture of the Sloop Be fey, in 1775

To Alex' Boss, Esquire, for sundry Articles provided for the Troops in Virginia, and for his Pay, in the

Year 1776 -....

To the Captains of the 16th Regiment of Dragoons, for their contingent Allowance, from 25th June 1776 to 24th December 1778 -

To Medrs. Shubrick and Clemfor the Charges of a

Boat for the Forces in South Carolina, from 28th May 1775 to 28th January 1776 To Lieut Rob1 Franklin, of the 4 2d Regiment of Foot,

for Lodes sustained by being taken by a Rebel Privateer ——

To Mr. Gilbert Hillock, 'for his Contingencies as Barrack Master, &‘c. in the Island of Saint Vincent's, to the 15th June 1779 ——

To Captain Me Laug/Uin, of the 55th Regiment of Foot, for Lodes sustained by beingdiipwrecked on the Coast of Ireland, in his Return from North America To Captain Cathcart, of the 77th Regiment of Foot, for Lodes sustained by bein^ taken by a Rebel Privateer, in his Padage from Neiv York to England To Medrs. Adair and C°, for Lodes sustained by the Officers of the 4th Regiment of Foot, by being taken off the Grenades by the Count D'E/.aing To John Frafer, Esquire, atting Deputy Paymaster at Montreal, for the Contingencies of his Department To Tho1 Wilkiefon, for the Amount of Brandies taken out of a Dutch Ship by the Order of Governor Elliot, for the Use of the Garrison of Gibraltar To Jit Wentworth, Esquire, being the Balance of his Account as Governor of New from 13th

June 1775to 25th March 1 777 -

To Medrs. Meyricks, to be by them paid over to sundry Officers for conducting Drafts for the Forces in North America - -

I. t, d.

>565 18 ——

i»734 *9 7

71 18 —

ioO ——

90 8 4

969 13 —

160 ——

1,172 1 —

41 ——

tot 7 1

7° 13 — 46----

1,996 12 6

7,60 15 — 218 14 2

48 8 —

222 2 4

43 4 — 54 4 6

165 14 6

250 — 8

2,343 — 2 781 6 4

100 — —

Vol. 38.

348 4

Dates of Warrants.

1780. July 8.

*4-

22.

26.

August 5.

10.

II.

2.1.

23-

30.

3*-

Sept. 12.

13-

19.

25*

29*

oa. 18.

[ .

To th4 HereditaryPrince of ICeJJe, for Pay advanced to

an additional Company of //antfuChaffeurs, and some Redruits for the Troops of Ilanaih, from the Days of their respectiveEnliftments to 29th March 1779; for Levjy Money for the said Company and Recruits; for Ex^ences on the March of D° to Portsmouth; and for proportional Subsidy for the faiffCorapuny, from 29th March 1779 to 24th December following"

To Mary Mince, Widow, and Administratrix of the late WM Mince, for the Hire of a Vessel to bring Dif-patdies from Gambia To Captain Wm Home, Paymaster of the 48th Regiment of Foot, to reimburse flrndry Sums expended for Public Services at Grenada, in November 1778 -

To Gto. Leonard, Esquire, in Part of Payment for Services performed in North America -To Major \V,n Agnew, of the 24th Regiment of Foot, for the Cure of a Wound he received in America, in

! 7 / 7 " - - ' " ' -

To Li^nt. Colonel Ckas O'Hara late Governor of Sene-ganibia, towards further Payment of his Contingent Disturfements for the Service of that Province To Mk Joseph Mc Lough tin, for sundry Articles provided by him as Commissary and Barrack Maher at Grknada - -

To Mr. Robert Aynfley, for the Value of a Vessel and Cai^go, and the Hire thereof improlTed in the ltiver Gahibia, which fell into the Hands of the French on the;Surrender of that Garrison -To John Christopher, Esquire, for his Expences in coming frorti Jamaica, by Order of Governor Dulling, with Plans of War again it Spain -To Cdptain Jn° Money, for examining and hating the Accounts of Jacob Jordan, Contractor for fiirnifliing Holrfes, Waggons, Sic. to the Army in Canada, in the Yeir 1777 ——

Ta the Prince of Waldeck, in Part of extra Claims for Waideck Troops - -

To Lieut. Smollet Campbell, of the 71st Regiment of Foot, for the Cure of a Wound he received in an Action at Savannah, in Georgia -To H. J. Ilanfard, Esquire, to reimburse him sundry Sums advanced by him, for Pay of Two Corps of Provincial Troops, blown from the Const of America, one of which arrived in England, and the other in Ireland -

To Jacob Wilkinson, Inquire, Agent to Patrick Tonyn, Esquire, Governor of East Florida, for a Schooner for the Service of the said Province, for One Year, ending 29th August 1781 -

To Messrs. Ross and Grey, to be paid over to sundry Officers of the 16th Regiment of Light Dragoons, for the Losses they sustained in Camp Equipage, Clothing* and Accoutrements, on actual Service in North Ameridi, or taken at Sea by the Rebels or French - -

To Mr. Jn° Ritding, late Surgeon and Purveyor to the Hospital in Grenada, for sundry Disbursements for the Troops in the said Hospital -To Captain Cohn Camp bell, of the 71st Regiment of Fo6t, for the Cure of a Wound he received in Georgia, the 20th June 1779 -

To Lieut. Rowland Hazelton, of the 16th Regiment of Fobt, for the Expence of the Cure of a Wound he received in South Carolina, in February 1779 To Captain IF" Taylor, of the 28th Regiment of Foot, for! the Cure of a Wound he received in America, in

the Year 1776 - ....

ToCbptainTAo* Banks, of the-70th Regiment of Foot, for Losses he sustained by being taken Prisoner on hia Passage from New York -

I *

2^95 7 —

V>° — —

446 2 —

2,000 -' --

*35 5 11

2,000 — —

637 6 4

1,508 7 —

200 ——

200 — -

2,650 — —

13° ——

1,034 2 — -

4*7 5 "

599 1 10

239 8 5 50 — — 21 ——

20 ——

25 2 6

A- 1781.

To

4" Apr ills

2i Ge6. III.

Dates of Warrant!.

1780. Nov. 1.

Dec. 8."

22.

1781.

Jan. 9.

li.

*7-

25-

1780.

Feb. 15.

June 1. July 8. 1781.

Jan. 26. 1780. Feb. 15.

April 12. June 1. July 8. Sept. 15.

To Wm Left, Esquire, for the contingent Disbursements of t he HanoverianBatta! ions a.tG ibralt ar Minorca,

from 25th December 1.778 to 24th December 1779 -To Lieut. General Jo.' Murrayto make good the De-

ficiency in the Revenues applicable to the contingent Expences of the Government of for One

Year, to 25th June 1780 -

To the Duke of Brunjzvicly in Part of an Account of contingent Expences for Brun/ivick l'roops - -

To Captain Ja‘ Douglas, of the 15th Regiment of Fopt, for Lodes by the Capture of the Brig, by the Rebels, in the River Delaware, in the Year

1777 -

To Lieut. Sir Jf m Tzcyfden, Baronet, of the 7th Regiment of Foot, for Lodes he sustained in the JFolus Transportpafiing Sullivans Island To Brigade Major Frederick Bowes, of the 64th Regiment of Foot, for Lodes he sustained on board the JEolus Transport, which was blown up off Fort Sullivan, in the Month of" April 1780 -To Lieut. Colonel Wm Shirrejf, for Cattle, Shedp, &c. furnished for the Use of the Army at Boston, in the Year 1775....

To Captain Chat Ogle, being His Majesty's Bounty for the Loss of his Left Arm, in Action, on board the Fleet under the Command of Sir G. B. Bodney, the 17th April 1780 -

To Lord Ilervey, for Presentsto Indians in the Gulph of St. Lawrence, and other Expences, to compose a Misunderstanding between the said Indians and the Crew of the Viper Sloop, In the Year 1778 -

To Mrs. Marg? Gilchrijl, in Consideration of her Iluf-band being killed in North America, the 28th June

1778 ....

To Captain Donald M'Donell, of the 71st Regiment of Foot, for the Expence of attending the Cure of Two Wounds he received at the Storming of Fort Clinton, on the North River, the 6th October 1777.

To Lieut. Geo. Fall, late Commandant of Fort Leans, Senegal, for sundry Sums of Money expended by him, for the Service of the Garrison there

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Will"1 Stuart, Esquire, for Public Services -

To D" drawn by TV" Newton, Esquire, for D® - -

To D®, drawn by Evan MLaurin, Esquire, for D®

To D®, drawn by Val. Morris, Esquire,

for D®.....1,348 5 4

To D®, for D® Service - 882 12 —

To D«.for D® Service - - - 343 5 —

To D®, for D® Service

43° ——

To Bills of Exchange for Public Services To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D® Service To D®. for D® Service To D®, for D® Service

drawn by Ja‘ Murray, Esquire,

- 421 17 3

" L642 19 7I

- 1,887 11 4i

- 8,427 16 2

- 3.134 8

Feb. 15. To Bills of Exchange drawn by Patrick Tonyn, Esquire,

for Public Services ... 4,000 ——

Sept. 15. To D® for D® Services - 2,000 ——

— - - ...- A,

Feb. 15. To Bills of Exchange drawn by Geo. Etherington, Esquire, for Public Services -April 12. To Bills of Exchange drawn by Jo. Graham, Esquire, lor Public Services ... 1,054 19 — k June 1. To D®, for D® Service - - - 1,519 19 3 V

Dec. 7. To D®, for D® Service - 1,004 12 1

Vol. 38.

4U

£ s. d. 405 9 8

499 10 9

2,600 — —

29 15 —

38 15 —

20 10 — 671 4 2

182 10 —

156 18 . 4

8S 3 4

34 ——

122 7 I

1,64.3 5 1

2,300 ——

2CO ——

3 °°4 2 4

5*514 12 9*

6,000 ——

10,972 4 2

3679 IO 5

349

179,223 17 4

<^oo£ie

3jo

A. 1781,

Dates of Warrants.

1780. April ii.

June 1. July 8. Dec. 14.

April ii.

Sept. 15.

April iz.

June 1. July 8. Sept. 15. Nov. 7. Dec. 14.

June 1.

Nov. 7. July 8.

Nov. 7. Dec.. 14. 1781.

Jan. 16. 16.

1780.

July 8.

Nov. 7. Dec.7.

July 8.

Sept. 15. Nov. 7.

Sept. 15.

Nov. 7.

Dec. 7.

1781.

Jan. 16. 26.

1779* July

1780. Jan. 22.

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Lord Macartney, for Public Services ——

To Bills of Exchange drawn by And" Rainsjord, Esquire, for Public Services - - 474 18 —

To D®, for D® Service ... 7,147 10 5

To D®, for D® Service - - - 716 10 8

To D®, for D* Service - - 1,601 6 8f

To Bills of Exchange drawn by A. Prevost, Esquire, for

Public Services - 2,300 ——

To D®, for D® Service - 3,000 ——

To Bills of Exchange drawn by MeflT. Brnmc and Collett, for Public Services -To D® drawn by George Fall, Esquire, for Public Services - -

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Dulling, Esquire,

for Public Services To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D* Service To D®, for D® Service

- 9*546

- 2,762

-19,*30

- 22,3*4

- 3,000

- 46,335

8

11

i3

6

4$

3

1

4

To Bills of Exchange drawn by S. Abudarkam, Esquire, for Public Services -

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Ale A Cameron, Esquire, for Public Services - - 2', 8 31 4 5

To D°, for D® Service - 2,314 13 6

To Bills of Exchangedrawn by Philip Callbeck, Esquire, for Public Services ——

To D° drawn by James Rooke, Esquire, for Public Services ——

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Esquire,

for Public Services - 4,407 7 6

To D®, for D® Service ... 5,364 3 — £

To D®, for D° Service - 965 9 6

To D®, for D® Service - - -18,194 3 9

To D®, for D® Service - 7,2,73 8 4I

To Bills of Exchange drawn by G. A. Ellio't, Esquire, for Public Services - - 9,665 12 8

To D®, for D® Service - 8,137 10 —

To D°, for D* Sen'ice - 8,473 10 4

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Esquire,

for Public Services - 540 ——

To D°, for D® Service - 2,560 6 4

To D®, for D® Service - 530 ——

To Bills of Exchange drawn by 77j0' Brown, Esquire,

for Public Services - 500 ——

To D®, for D® Service - - - 536 6 5

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Geo. Adorns, Esquire, for Public Services ——

To D® drawn by Peter Chester, Esquire, for EF -To D®, drawn by FrecP Haldimand, Esquire, for D* -

£. s. d.

2,500 ——

9»94° 5 9f

5,300 ——

2,712 < 6 4

45° ——

103,099 — 6£

' 1,157 7 10

5>H5 17 137 7 — 455 l$ —

36,204 12 i\

26,276 13 —

3,630 6 4

1,036 6 5

i,437 9

2,863 19 21

5,850 — *-

To D®, drawn by Dan1 Me Neil, Esquire, for D® - - 858 8 —

To D®, drawn by Rob1 Pringle, Esquire, for D® - - 2,351 16 —

To Bills of Exchange of this Date, drawn by Haldane Bradshaw, Esquire, Deputy Pay mailer of the Forces in the West Indies, on Account of extraordinary Expences for the Use and Service of the said Forces- - 1,229 6 8

To D® of this Date, drawn by D®, for D® Service ----- 3,098 15 —

To

1

2i Geo. III. 4*

Dates of Warrants.

1780.

March 15. To Bills of Exchange of this Date, drawn

by Rob' lJaldaneBrad/haio Esquire, Deputy Paymaster of the Forcesin the West,

1 Indies, on Account of extraordinary s. d. £. s. d.

Expences for the Use and Service of the said Forces - 300 ——

April 25. To D" of this Date, drawn by D4, for

D* Service ----- 4,282 9 —

*8. To D' of this Date, drawn by D4, for

D4 Service - - - 11,185 17 4

May 20. To D9 of this Date, drawn by D#, for

D4 Service - - 9,312 *6 4

June 17. To D° of this Date, drawn by D4 for

D4 Service ----- 595 10 —

30. To D* of this Date, drawn by D°, for

D° Service ----- 764 — — -

Sept. 1. To D* of tills Date, drawn by D*, for

D* Service.....6,375 5 —

: ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ---37>r43 4

1780. ——

Feb. 9. To sundry General and Staff Officers, and Officers, of the Hof-pitals in Great Britain, for their Pay in the Year 1778 and

1779 .....7j4.*° 16 —

Feb. 29. To Rob' Gordon, Esquire, for 92 Days Pay, as Commissary of srovisions at Corkto the 21st November

1779 r.....92 ——

To M. G. 7Vm Faucilt for qa Days Pay, as Commissary

in Germany, to the 2d February 1780 - - - 460 — —

March 7. To Jonatli" Clarke, Gent, for 184 Days pay, as Afftflant Commissary in America, to the 30th September

1779.....- - l84 ——

To Major Duncan Drummond, for 309 Days Pay, as

Commissary of Accounts-in America, to 2 ift December

_ lm.....927 ——

20. To Colonel Jn° Burgoyne, for 184 Days Pay, as a Commissary for mustering Foreign Troops in North America, to 29th January 1780 - - - 3^8 — — -

22- To Jn° Fenton, Esquire, for 184 Days Pay, as Captain and Commander of William and Mary Fort, in New

Hampshire, to the 5th of January 1780 - - 184 — —

23. To M. G. Geo. Morrison, for 730 Days additional

Pay, as Quarter Matter General, to 24th December

1779.....73° ——

31. To Messrs. Pozvell and Cooke, for the Pay offeveral fu-pernumerary Officers of Invalids late reduced, from 25th December 1778 to 24th December 1779 - G431 12 11

April 7. To Sir JVm Iloice, for his Pay as Commander in Chief in

North America, from 24 th May 1778to2d following, being the Day of his Landing in England - 390---

20. To Captain Rich11 Bailey for 366 Days Pay, for superintending the Embarkation of Troops, Sic. to North

America, to the 10th March 1780 - - -' 183 ——

May5. To F. W. Ilecht, Esquire, for 265 Days Pay, as Assistant

Commissary in America, to 24th December 1779 - 265 — —

To Roger Johnson, Esquire, for 183 Days Pay, as Assistant"

Commissary in North America, to 20th December 17 79 183 -

xo. To Lieut. John Lloyd, for Pay as Adjutant and Quarter Matter to a Detachment of the 75th Regiment of Foot, from 2d January to 15th Augttfl 1779 - - - 9718 8

12. To M. G. Faucift, for 90 Days Pay, as Commissary for mustering Foreign Troops in Germany, to 2d May

17,80.....45° ——

24. To FleetioooodParkhurst, Esquire, for 172 Days Pay, as a

Deputy Commissary in Canada, to 20th A1 ay 1780 - 258 — —

To J. P. Kiernan, Gent, for 767 Days Pay of Arch"

Borland, deceased, as Surgeon's Mate at Senegal, to 2ad August 1778 - - - - 19115 —

June 26. To John Drtimrnond, Esquire, for 183 Days Pay, as Deputy Commissary in Canada, to 23th June 1780 - 274 10 —

30. To Wm Butlei', Esquire, for 265 Days Pay, as Assistant

Commissary in America, to 14th December 1779 - 265 — —

To Gregory Townshend, Esquire, for 600 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary in America, to 24th December 1779 - 600 —

Vol. 28.

3£i

|C»

2.9 *765 8 9

4° ApHlis.

A. 1781.

352

Dates of Warrants.

1780.

June 30. To the Hereditary Prince of for Pay of Officers employed in conducting Recruits for the . Troops to Canada -

July il. To Lieut. Colonel Sir Tin? Eger ton, for the Pay of a Surgeon's Mate and Two Fifers added to his Corps, and Difference of Pay of 2 Lieutenants and 2 Ensigns, front 5th October 1779 to 24th June 1780 21. To Jn°Fenton, Esquire, for 182 Days Pay, ns Captain

and Commander of William and Mary in

Hampshire, to ,5th July 1780 -

31* To Colonel Jn? Burgoyne, or 182 Days Pay, as Commissary for muttering Foreign Troops in to

29th July 1780 ——

Aug. 11. To M Faucitt, for 92 Days Pay, as Commif-

fary for muttering Foreign Troops in Germany, to 2d August 1780 ——

12- ToColqnel Jn° Campbell, for 17 7 Days Pay, as Brigadier General in North America, to 24th December 1777 -23* To Jn° Morrijon, Esquire, 285 Days Pay, as Deputy Commissary in America, to 5th July 1780 Sept. 19. To Geo. Brindley, Esquire, for 183 Days Pay, as Deputy

Commissary in Amei'icto 3d April 1780 21. To Dan1 Weir, Esquire, -for 365 Days Pay, as Commissary General in North America, to 24th December

1778....

061. 24. To Fred* Wm Hecht, Gent, for 189 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary in America, to 30th 1780 -To Wm Butler, Gent, for 233 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary in North Ato 13th 1780 -

31* To Francis Rush Clarke, Esquire, for 366 Days Pay, as Inspector and Superintendant of the Provision Train of Horses and Waggons attending tlte Army in North America, to 3d April 1780 -

Nov. 1* To M. G. Wm Faucitt, for 92 Days Pay, as Commissary for muttering Foreign Troops in Germany, to 2d November 1780 - -

14. > To Jonath" Clarke, Gent, for 183 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary in America, to 31st March 1780 -To Nath1 Day, Esquire, for 325 DaysPay, as Commissary in Canada, to 12th September 1780 To Dan1 Weir, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay, as Superintendant of Forage to the Army in America, to iff February 1780 - -

ToPeler Paumier, Esquire, for 3G6DaysPay, as Deputy Commissary in North America, to 2d April 1780 Dec. 14. To FleeltvoodParkhurst, Esquire, for 194 Days Pay, as Deputy Commissary \x\Canada, to 30th 1780

ii. To Mefl'. Gray and Ogilvie, for the Pay of Nine additional Surgeons Mates to Major Corps of

Foot at Jamaica, for several Detachments of the said Corps, from 1 jth Febru 1777 to 1778

1781.

Jan. 11. To M. G. Tlio‘ Clarke, for 236 Days Pay, as Major General in Canada, with One Aid de Camp, to 24th December 1780 -

15. To Rolf Adair, Esquire, for 366 Days Pay, as Inspector General of the Hospitals, to 24th December 1780 -17. To Messrs. Poivell and Cooke, for the Pay of several fu-pernumerary Officers of the Invalids lately reduced, from 25th December 1779 to 24th December 1780 -

24. ToM. G. Morrison, Quarter Matter General, for the Pay

of Two Assistants, from 25th December 1779 to 24th December 1780 -

25. To Isaac WinJUrwClarke, Gent, for 366 Days Pay, as

Assistant Commissary in Canada, to 20th 1780

To D % for 101 Days Pay, as a Deputy Comnoissary in

Canada, to 8th July 1776....

To Jn° Fenton, Esquire, for 184 Days Pay, as Captain and Commander of anil Mary Fort, in New

Hampshire, to 5th January 1781 -

To Ja'FarquharJbn, Esquire, for 366 Days Pay, as Afiitt-.

ant Commissary in Canada, to 1 Stii 1780 -

To Jn°Drummond,\L[{]mre, for 183 Days Pay, as Deputy Commissary in Canada, to 24th December 1780

I s. d.

333 C5 3

99 ——

182 ——

3G4 ——

460 ——

265 10 —

427 10 —

274 10 —

1.095 ——

189 ——

233 — —

366 — —

460 — —

183 ——

650 ——

730 —

549 —

291 —

687 14

59° —

732 —

1,403 11 7

183 ----- ---|

366 ——

lot ——

184 ——

3G6' ——

274 10 —

1

To

V

li Geo. III. 4° Jprilis.

Dates of Warrants;

1781.

Jan. 31. To Lieut. Colonel Rob1 Kingston, for ",55 Days Pay, as Deputy Adjutant General in North America, to 30th' September 1779 - - . - .

To 366 Days Allowance to Major Dayman as

Major to the late.98th RegirfieHt of Foot, to 24th December 1780 - -

To 366 Days Pay of George Munro, Esquire, as Commissary of Stores in North Britain, to D*

To 366 Days Allowance to Lieut. Colonel Birch, in lieu of a Troop of Light Dragoons, to D° - -

To 366 Days D" to Major General in lieu of

D*, to I)° - - - ,

To 17 Days Pay of Jn° Montagu, Eft)nire, as Governor of NeU'foundland, to the 1779 -

To 366 Days D° of Richd Edwards, Esquire, as D % to lit April 1780. - - - -: - -

£. s.

277 10 —

274 10 —

183 — — 283 13 — *83 13 — 25 10 —

549 ——

'Jtc b.23.

March 31. April 7.

iS.

1780. JuguJ 30.

To Sir Jrf Inglis, Baronet, and Tho' , Esquire, Executors to the

late Colonel Ja‘ Mastertony for Oatfneal, Firing} Candles, &'c. fu rubbed

to the Forces at Fort William, Ca/ile Du Fort George, and the Barrhcks of Bernara, Invern Corgarjf', and Brunner, and the Out-Post Stations in their Neighbourhood, froln 1 It January 1779 to 31st December following, both inclusive - - 3*525 3 6

To Sir Jat Adolphus Oughton, for Contingent Expences

in North Britain - - - - goo — —

To Major General Rob‘ Skene, for Expences of embarking sundry Regiments in North Britain, in the Spring 1779 " " - - - 186 2 8

To the Bank of Scotland, for One Year's Allowance for furnishing Specie to the Troops in North Britain, to

Christmas 1779 - - - 225 4 2

To Captain Jnm Cleve PUydell, beirtg an Allowance for . assisting to complete a Plato of North Britain, for 731 Days, to 24th June 1780 - - - - 365 10 —

Feb. 11.

To Mr. Sam1 Martin, on Account for 148 Chaldrons of Coals delivered

at Neio York, for the Use of the Forces there - 666 ——

To Joshua Darwin, Esquire, for Coals, Candles, Ac. furnished by him for the Forces in Tyitfnouth Barracks, to 24th December 1779 - - - - 105' 12 —

March 1. To // Ilenderson, Esquire, for Coals, Candles, and divers Utensils provided for the Use of the Barracks at PortJ'mouth - - - - 288 15 4

To the Earl of Darlington, for Coals and Candles for the Use of the Forces in the Garrison of Carlisle, from 25th December 1778 to 24th 1779 78 8 —

To Lieut. Governor Singleton, for D°, for the Use of the Forces in Landguard Fo/'t,from 25th June to 24th

December 1779 - - - - 163 16 10

To And" Clinton, Esquire,- upon Account, to enable him to provide D°, for the Use of the Forces in the Barracks at Plymouth Dock - - - -: - 500 — —

To Lieut. Governor Wemyfs, for D* for the Forces in

Edinburgh Castle, from ill January to 31st March 1780 172 17 9

To Mr. Sam1 Martin, on Account for Codisdelivered at Rhode Island, for the Use of the Forces there -To D° for D° Service - - - .

To Captain Geo. Brifac, for Coals and Candles for the Use of the Forces in Chatham Barracks, ffom 5th

October 1779 to 5th April 1780 - 1 »799 J9 S

To Lieut. Governor Corbett, for Coals for the Forces in.

JcrJcj, for One Year, to Lady Day 1780 - - 1,420

To D*, for Candles for D* in D°, for One Year, to D° - 131

To And? Clinton, Esquire, on Account, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Use of the Forces at Plymouth Dock - -

To E.B. De la Fontaine, Esquire, for D°for the additional Companies and Recruits of the Foot Guards in the Savoy Barracks, from 25th December 177910 24th ^z/ztc 1780 - -

To Andr Clinton, Esquire, on Account, to enable him to provide D°for the Use of the Forces at Plymouth Dock

9-

April 20.

27.

29*

May 10. June 21.

29*

July 6.

20. VOL. 38.

1,800

U13 9

10

6

11

1

3

5

2

6

500 ——

218 11 4

500 ——

4 X

2,88 6i Q

o

To

uj.

554

Dates of Warrant*.

1780.

July 20.

21.

40 Aprili$.

A. 1781.

Aug. 12.

Sept. 25.

29.

Ocl. 11.

Note. 1.

23-

Dec. 8.

1781. Jan. 24.

1780.

April 7.

27. AL/j/ 8. 24.

2.

7«/y 12. A'yr. k.

To Lieut. Governor* Wemyfs, for Coals and Candles for the Forces in Edinburgh Cajile, from id Apriltoqoth June 1780 - -

To Mr. Sum1 Martin, upon Account, for Coals delivered at Neiu York, for the Use of the Forces there To And" Clinton, Esquire, for Coals, Candles, and sundry Utensils.for thcTroops in the Citadel of Plytnouthi and Saint Nicholas Island, from 25th December 1779 to 2.4th June 1780 - ,

To A. Singleton, Esquire, for Coals, Candles, Sic. for the Use of the Forces in Landguard Fort, from D°, to

D* - -

To Joshua Darwin, Esquire, for Coals and Candles for the Forces at Tyn mouth Barracks, to 25th 1780

To 77/o" Best, Esquire, for D® for the Forces in Dover Cajile, from 25th June 1779 to 24th June 1780 To Lieut Governor Wemyjs, for D® for the Troops in Edinburgh CaJUe, from ill July to 30thScptembet 1780 To Moses Corbet, Esquire, for D° for the 95th Regiment of Foot in Jersey, from 13 th June 178010 Lady Day 1781. - - - - . - -

To Sirs. Mary Brifac, Administratrix of Captain Geo. BriJ'ac, for D° for the Forces at Chatham Barracks, from 5th April to 5th October 1780 -

To Andrew Clinton, Esquire, on Account, to enable him to provide D° for the Forces at Plymouth Dock

To D", for Coals, Candles, and Utensils, for the Citadel of Plymout/iand Saint Nicholas Island, from 2 5th June to 24th December 1780 - -

To E. B.Dela Fontaine, Esquire, Barrack Matter of the Savoy, for supplying additional Companies and Recruits of the Foot Guards with Coals and Candles in the said Barracks, between 25th June and 24th December 1780.....-

To Lieut. Governor Wemyfs, for Coals and Candles for the Forces in Edinburgh Castle, from ill October to 3 ill December 1780 -

£. s. d.

206 12 6

1,075 18 1

564 6 5

164 12 9

114 — 2

S03 19 7

204 1

G44 5 10

1,305 i 10 500 ——

226 14 —

178 1 10

203 14 —

To M. G. Manners, for Grass Money for the 19th Regiment of Dragoons, in the Summer .1779 - -

To the Ear) of Pembroke, for D° for the ill Regiment of D°, in D® Summer ——

To M. G. Phillipjbn, for D® for the aoth Regiment of

D°, in D° Summer ——

To Lieut General James Jolinston, for D® for the 6th Regiment of D®, in D° Summer -To Sir Geo. Howard, for D° for the ill Regiment of Dragoon Guards, in D® Summer - -

To Lord Bob' Manners, for D® for the 3d Regiment of D", in 1)° Summer - - -; -

To Lieut. General James Jolinston, for D° for the 1 ith Regiment of Dragoons, in D® Summer To Lieut. General Carpenter, for D® for the 4th Regiment of D®, in D® Summer —

To Lord Viscount Toionjhend, for D® for the 2d Regiment of Dragoon Guards, in D" Summer To the Earl o iPanmure, forD® for the 2d Regiment of

Dragoons, in D# Summer -

To Lieut. General Fitzroy, for D® for the 3d Regiment of D", in D® Summer -

To General Eliott, for D® for the 15th Regiment of D®, in D® Summer - -

To Lord Viscount Toxonjhend, for D® for the ad Regiment of Dragoon Guards, in the Summer 1777 To General Eliott, for extra Feeding, and Allowance to tlieNon-commissionedOflicersandPrivateMenof the 15th Regiment of Light Dragoons, while attending the Royal Family, in the Year 1779 -

To M. G. Douglajs, for Grass Money for the 2ill Re-

giment of Dragoons, in the Summer 1779 To Lieut. General Ja' JolmJion, for D® for the nth Regiment of D % in the Summer 1780 - - *

479 8 4

34° l9 7

496 5 9

347 13 9

558 17 2

338 8 6

31,8 iS 9

00 no <0 —

329 1 3

292 8 9

641 5 6

Oi CO 00 14 —

395 14 6

3°° —

494 *7 7

638 13

£ *d-

15,676 14 j

t

J

51 Geo. HI. 46 Aprilis.

tiates of Warrants.

' 1780.

Nov.29. To Si. G. Dougtajs, for Grass Money for the 21 ft Regiment of Dragoons, in the Summer 1780 To the Earl of Pembrokefor D° for the ail Regiment of D®, in D® Summer -

To Sir Geo. Howard, for D® for the lft Regiment of Dragoon Guards, in D® Summer -To M..G. Maimers, for D® for the 19th Regiment of Dragoons, in D" Summer -

/ Dct. 15. To Lieut. General James for D° for the 6th

Regiment of D®, in D° Summer -To Lieut. General Carpenter, for D°for the4thRegiment of D®, in D® Summer -To Lord Rob' Manners, for D" for the 3d Regiment of

L

s.

d.

957 x7

638 13 —

957 x7 ~ 957 x7

Dragoon Guards, in D® Summer

for the ad Regi-

IX;

T 78 X. Jan. 15.

1780. March 9.

To Lord Viscount Torvnjhend, for D‘ ment of D®, in D° Summer To Sir II. Clinton, for D® for the ^tli Regimeftt of Dragoons, in D® Summer - -

To Mess. Cox, Mair, and Co r, for D® of the 10th Regiment of D®, in D® Summer - -

To Major Lifter, for D® for his Regiment of D®, in D® Summer -

To Lieut. Col. J. B. Ilolroyd, for D® foil the 22d Regiment of D®, in D® Summer - -

To M. G. Pliillipfon, for D® for the 20th Regiment of D®, in D* Sumtrier ——

638

638

638

638

655

*3 "

13 —

x3 —

x3 —

9 —

®55 9 "

480

638

13 —

957 , 17 "

To Lieut. Colonel Holroyd, for the Subsistence of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of his Regiment of Dragoons, from tire respective Dates of their Attentions to the 14th 1779 (ex-

Aug-. 4.

12.

elusive) the Commencement of their Establishment , To Colonel Du did/ Ackla for Subsistence of D1 of his

Regiment of Foot, froth D® to the ift December 1779 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establifii-ment* -

April 12. ToColonel M'Carmick, for Subsistence of D® of his Regiment of Foot, from D° to the 7th February 1780 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establish-ment -

May 10. To Colonel Tottenham, for Subsistence of D® of his Regiment of Foot, from D® to the 25th November 1779 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -

To Lord Viscount Chert tfor Subsistence of D® of his Regiment of Foot, from D®to 4th October \ 779 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Militia, for Subsistence of additional Companies to their respective Regiments, previous to their Establishment To Lieut. Colonel Fullarton, for Subsistence of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of his Regimentoffoot, from the respective Dates of their Attestations to the 29th May 1780(exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment - . -

To Colonel Reid, for Subsistence of D" of his Regiment

of Foot from D® to 7th April 1780 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -

To Colonel Dundas, for Subsistence of the Non-commi flioned Officers and Private Men of his Regiment of Foot, from the respective Dates of their Attellations to 2d March 1780 (exglufive) the Commencement of their Establishment - -

<9i.7. 24. To Lieut. Colonel Humberstone, for Subsistence of D® of his Regiment of Foot, from D° to ,5th 1780 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Elia-blishment -

Nor. 1. To Lieut. Colonel Whyte, for Subsistence of D® of his Regiment of Foot, from D° to 8th 1780 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment . -16. To Colonel Stanton, for Subsistence of D° of hisRegiment of Foot, from D® to 10th April 1 780 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establiilunent -

Vol. 38;

1,224 6 3

1,786

11

2,225 11

2,039 *9 8

1,154 6 8

849 12 5

»>°59

3»263 7

2 >9 5 9 8 4

2,194 7 a

4,104 9 —

2,876

355

16,654 5 £

T*

356

4° Apt ills.

A. 178 c;

Dates of Warrants.

- 1780. A'wr. 29.

To Lord >//« Murray, for Subsistence 0^ the Xon-commiflibned Officers and Private Men of the 2d Battalion of the 4 2d Regiment of Foot, from the respective Dittos of their Attestations to -21st March 1780 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment Dec. 8. To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Militia, for Subsistence of additional Companies to their respective Regiments, previous to their Establishment

d- ,

1,889 *§ 4

1779-08. 20.

1780. Jan. 26.

Feb. 8.

2?.

836 6 6

To Foanr Eheyn, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the Non-Cotnmif-

fioned Officers and Private Men of the 70th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeons and Paymasters Allowances, from 25th December 1778 to 24th June 1779 - - 121 9 9

March 1. April 7.

12.

i7*

July 12.

20.

26.

A Mg. 4.

11.

To J/f Lamb, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D®

of the 72d Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from 25th June 1779 to 24th December following To Alexr Anderfoit, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse

D®of the 42d Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from D° to D° - - t - .

To Edw4 Bifshopp, to enable him" to reimburse D° of the 5th and 29th Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from D° to D®

To Edmd Armstrong, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse

D® of the 8 th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® - -

To Mefl*. Cox, Mair, and1Car, to enable them to reim-butfc D° of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from D® to D®

To Me If. Roberts, to enable them to reimburse D* of sundry Regimentsoffoot, the Stoppages made for D°, from D® to D°

To Mefl'. Bifshopp and C®, to enable them to reimburse D°of fundrv Regimentsoffoot, the Stoppagesmade for; D°, from D' to D" -To fountain Elidyn, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D*of the 70th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D° to D°

To Mefl'. Ross Sc Gray, to enable them to reimburse D® of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D*, from 25th December 1778 to 24th June 1779 -

To D®, to enable them to1 reimburse D® of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D", from 25th June 1779 to 24th December following Ho Adam Wood, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the 31st Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made fot D\ from Db to D® - -

To II. I. HanJ'ard, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D®of Sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D* to D® - -

To Nath1 Colh/er, Esquire, to.enable him to reimburse D® of Sir T. Eget'son'sCorps of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from 5th OStdber 1779 to 24th June 1780 - -

To Shelf. Mcyricks, for Bread Money to lundry Regiments and Parties of Regiments of Foot, in the Year 1779 - - - " -

To Shelf. Adair C®, to enable them to reimburse the

Non-commissionedOflicersand PrivateMen of lundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymasters Allowances, from 25th December 1779 to 24th June 1780 -

To jn° Lamb, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the 72d Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for L)°, from D® to D®

To II. I. Hansard, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D®of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from D® to D°

To Ale.f Andcrjbn, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse

D® of the 42c! Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® -To Shelf RcJ's and Gray, to enable them to reimburse D® of sundry'Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for DJ, from D® to D®

137 10 7

l65 7 "

.237 16 3

120 11 4

3>399 9 6

329 16 10

710 7 \

117 —

2,713 13 8

2,702 6 6

117 ——

252 *3 4

85 M 4

*71 2 9

330 6 8

137 10 7

332 2 2

7

a»9J7 *5 —

£ S % '

s»457‘ \ 4

To

J

si Geo. lit

4° Jprilis.

357

Date* of Warrant*.

1780. dug. 30.

Sep!. 13.

29.

Ocl. 4. 18.

13.

*6.

26.

Nov. 1.

16.

23-

8.

Vol. 3$.

To M'eflT. Ncligan and Robert's; to enable thfem to reing- £. s: d.

burse the Non-commiUibned Officers and Private Men of the 97th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymaster's Allowances, from 10th April 1780 to 24th following - 42 8 5

To Meffi Roberts, to enable them to reimburse D® of

sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from 25th December 1779 to 24th June 1780 , - 329 16 10

To Shelf. Meyricks, to enable them to reimburse D® of

sundry Regiments of Foot* the Stoppages made for.

D®, from D° to D® - - - 1,987 6 —

To Wm Coicden, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D®

of the 29th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for,

D®, from D® to D® - - - - 117 — —

To MdT. Cox, Muir, and Cox, to enable them to reimburse D® of fundrv Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from D® to D® - - - . - 3,303 5 2

To Shelf. Fitter and C®, to enable them to reimburse D° of the 69th and 91 ft Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® - - 235 15 11

To Fount" Elzvi/n, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse

D® of the 70th Regiment of Foit, the Stoppages made for D°, from D® to D® - - - - 117 — —

To Sam1 Clare, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the 93d Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from 7th February 1780 to 24th June following- 75 11 — To Shelf. Bifshopp and C®, to enable them to reimburse

D° of sundry Regiments of Foot, Stoppages made for D®, from 251 hDecember 1779.to 24th June 1780; and

also for the Allowance of Bread Money - - 1,141 1 — *

To K. Mackenzie, for Bread Money for, the 78th Regiment of Foot, from 15th July 1778 to 22d September following - - - - _ _ _ _ 143 8 -i-

To Adam Wood, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the 31st Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Pay matter's AUovyances from 2 5 Hi December 17 79 to 24 th June 17So; and also for the Allowance of Bread Money ' - -

To Shelf. Meyricks, for the Allowance of Bread Money to sundry Regiments of Foot, from 19U1 Dcyeyiber 1779 to 24th July 1780 - -e'--' r> o! r

To Meflf Roberts and Neligan, for Bread Money: to;the:

97th Regiment of Foot in the Year 1780 To K. Mackenzie, to enable him to reimburse;the N0- ( commissioned Officers and Private Men of the* 7.8th;:

Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymaster's Allowances, from 25th June,'.

1778 to 24th December following. - - . j- 4*137- 10 9

To Edmd Armstrong, Esquire, to enablchim to reimburse

D® of the 8th Regiment of Foot; the Stoppages made > -for D®, from 25th December 1779^0 24th 780 , 116 19 ao

To Meffi GYay and Ogilvie, for the Allowance of Bread- c —

Money to the 78th Regiment of Foot at Guernsey, and , .1 , v

Jersey, from 19th November 177,8 to 24th April1780.: *>997\~ — 9

To MeflVs. Iieffe, to enable them to reimburse the Non-

commissioned Officers and Priy^m of the 37th a

Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Sue- geon and Paymaster's Allowances, froth. 25th Jure; ' , '

1778 to 24th December following - , 96 6 10

To D®, to enable them to reimburseD® of D® Regiment,

the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th December . -

to 24th June 1779 - , - - - 1x6.19 11

To D®, to enable them to reimbvtrfeD® of D® Regime »t, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th 1.779 to 24th December following. - - - - 116.19 n

To D®, to enable them to reimhfurfe D° of D® Regiment, the Stoppages made for D®, front 25 th December 1 7 79

to 24th June 1780 - ~ - 1x6 19 11

To Df, to enable them to reimburse D® of the 75th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from ajtji June 1779 to 24th December following -- 137 10. 10

4 V

334 H —

52iv8 6

avx 10 —

To

358 4"

Date* 6f Warrant*.

i78°.

Dee. 21.

1781. Jan. 31.

J77f>»

Ocl. 14.

1780. Jan. 8.

Feb. 8.

10.

23-

Match 9.

*7-

Ipr/V 7.

To hleff ttejpe, to enable them to reimburse the Non- £. d.

commissioned Officers and Private Men of the 75th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Sdr-geon and Paymaster's Allowances, from 25th -her 1779 to 24th June 1780; and also for the Allowance of Bread Money ----- 328 14 a

To Jn° Lamb) Esqtiire, to enable him to reimburse D° of the 72d Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following - 137 10 7

To WmMoone, Esquire, trt enable him to reimburse the Non-commissioned

Officers and Private Men of the East and Well Norfolk Militia, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymaster's Allowances, from 25th December 1778 to 24th June 1779 - - - 13G 9 8

To Find Mathias- , Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the East Riding York and Militia,

the Stoppages made for D#, from 25th June 1779 to 24th December following -To ® Lamb, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Wilif tire Militia, the Stoppages made for D°,

from D® to D® - -

To MelT. Maude, to enable them to reimburse D® of the ill West Riding York Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® -To Tho1 Brook/bank, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the East Regiment Militia, the Stop-

pages made for D®, from D® to D® -To MelT. Bijsitopp mid C", to enable them to reimburse D® of sundry Regiments of Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® - - - »

To Wm Feild, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D®

of the West and East Eft ex Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from I)° to D°

To MelT. Peart nudCoinoay, to enable them to reimburse D® of sundry Regiments of Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® -To John Powell, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D®

of the West Middlesex and Militia, the

Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® -To HeidCritchetf, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Westminster Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D* to D® -

To Jn9 Owens, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Dcnbighjftire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® ——

To Jo* Ballard, Esquire; to enable him to reimburse D® of the Worcester Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D° - -

To Jn° LUnjd, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Cornwall Militia; the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® -

To Geo. Blount, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Cheshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D* -

To Mess. Roberts, to enable them to reimburse D® of the Durham and Merionetfshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® -To Mess. Thorpas and Roberts, to enable them to reimburse D® of the Brecknock and Radnorshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D®

To Mess. Co.r, Mair, and Cox, to enable them to reimburse D° of sundry Regiments of Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from 26th March 1778 to 24th December 1779 ——

To Geo.Auft, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of

the Cambridgeshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th June 1779 to 24th December following -To Edmd Armflrong, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D" of the HertfordshireMilitia, the Stoppages made

for D®, from D® to D® - -

147 14 11 106 13 3

84 5 10

89 9 2

501 5 6

149 16 2

306 1 8

147 18 1

80 1 5

42 11 — 84 4 10

9

86 11 4

76 9 4

67 11 5

41 16 2

470 io 7 65 14 — 76 12 8

a I Geo. Ill; 4°

l)atn cf Warrants.

‘ X78o. April 7.

\2.

40.

47. May 22.

44.

June f>.

July 26.

Jug. 4.

11.

Aug. 12.

23*

You 38.

To Gefl. Snowden, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the Derby/hireMilitia, the Stoppages made for the

Surgeon and Paymaster's Allowances, from 25th June 1 "79 to 24th December following To R. B. Cox, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the OxfordshireMilitia, the Stoppages made for D®,

from 15th July 1778 to 24th December' 1779 To Jn0 Purricr, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D®

of the North Ilampshire Militia, the Stoppages made

for D°, from 25th December 1778 to 24th 1779 To D°, to enable him to reimburse D" of D®, the Stoppages made for D°, from 25th June 1779 to 24th December following ----- I

To II. I. Hanjard, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse

D° of the 2d West Riding York and Devon Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D®

To Jna Femvick, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D° of sundry Corps of Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from D® to D® -

To Jn° Radcliffe, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D°

of the South Devon Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D* to D° - -

To S. Holliday, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D" of the Somerset Militia, the Stoppages made for D°,

from D® to D® ——

To IV" Feild, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D* of the East and West Essex Militia, the Stoppages made

for D®, from Da to D®

To Jn* Ballard, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Worcester Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from 2^th December 1779 to 24th June 1780 To Geo. Snoicden, Esquire, to enable him to reimburseD® of the DerbyshireMilitia, the Stoppages made for D®,

from;D® to D* - -

To Jn°'Lamb, Esquire, to enable him to reimburseD®

of thp Wilt/hireMilitia, the Stoppages made for D®,

from D® to D® -

To Melnr. Fitter and C®. to enable them to reimburse D* of thie Surrpy Militia, ihe Stoppages made for D®, from; D® to D® ——

To II. I. Hansard, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse

D® of the East Devon, and 2d West Riding Yorkshire'Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D° - -

To J)t Martin, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the West Kent Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D° to D"

To Keen Stables, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D' of the Northamptonshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® - -; -

To MeflT. Maude, to enable them to reimburse D" of the ift West Riding, YorkMilitia, the Stoppages made, for

D®, from D® to D® - - . - , ( -

To That Willis, Esquire, to enable him tp reimbqrfe D* of the West, and East Suffolk 'Militia, the Stoppages, made for D®, from 25th June 17 79'to 24th December following - - - . 7

ToD®, to enable him to reimburse D® of D* Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th December 1779 to 24th June 1780 - - - . ,-

To Wm Moone, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse t)° of the West and East Norfolk Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th June 1779 to.24th December. following - - - - . ' -

To D®, to enable him to reimburse D® of D® Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th December 1779 to 24th June 1780 - - - V

To Fine*Mathias, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D"

of the Dorset and East Riding York Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® r - - *

jr. s. d.

76 10 5

214 16 it

77 5 1

73 17 1

16(3 1 2

39 — 3 68 9 5

110 13 — -

155 19 it

84 4 10

76 10 5

.106 13 3

129 2 —

177 *4 3 84 — 6 107 18 5

84 5 10

131 —

148 7 —

142 9 — 146 13 2

«59 18 8

4* Apr H

Dates of Warrants;

I 780-Augji 23;

To ‘John Poxcelt, Efrjuire, to enable him toteimburse the Non-Commissioned Officers rind Private* Men of the West Middleje.rim d Bedfordfliiie Militia, the Stbppages made for the Surgeon and Paymaster's Allowances; from 2.7th December 1779 to 24th June 1780

To MefT. Adair and C°. to enable them to reimburse D° of sundry Regiments of Militia* the Stoppages made for l>°, from D* to IT -

o0k To Moil*. Bifshopp and C\ to enable them to reimburse I)0 of sundry Regiments of Militia, the Stoppages made for D % from D° to D°

To Jnh (keens, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D* oftiie Denhighshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D % from D? to D° - -

To Shelf. Mejjrich, to enable them to reimburse D° of the Leicester/hirc and Warxvickshire Militirf, the Stoppages made for I)0, from D° to D° 1 - -

To Bateman and Barnet., to enable thetn to reimburse D° of the South Hampshire^/l\\\tmythe Stoppages made for IT, from 26th March 1778 to 24th Decent-' her 177 9 - - - / - - 1 -

lo Mell*. Roberts, to enable thefn to reimburse D° of the Durham and Merionellishire Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from 25th December 1779 to 24th June 1780 -

To Me IT. Thomas a ltd Roberts r to enable them to'reimburse IT of the Radnor and Brecknockshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from D° to D* lb Jiin Fenwick, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D° of sundry. Corps of Militia the Stoppages made for \ IT from IT to D° -

Sept. 13. To Henry Critcheit, Esquire, to enable bin to reimburse IToF the Wc/t mitt tier Militia, the Stoppages made for IT, from IT to D° - *

To Geo. Aujl, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D° of the Cambridgeshire Militia the Stoppages made for D % from IT to XT - -

To Tho* Lloyd', Esqntre, to enable him to reimburse D°' of the Cornwall Militia, the Stoppages made for Dd,

from D° to IT - -

To Mess. Conway and Pewf, to enable them toreiinbufe D° of sundry Regiments of Militia, the Stoppages made for IT, from IT to IT Xov. 1. To Edmd Armstrong, Esquire, to enable hirti to reimburse IT of the l&rtfordjliire Militia, the Stoppages made for IT, from D° to IT - -: ' - .

23. To Me(T. Hcffe, to enable them to reimburse D9 of the South Hampshire Militia, the Stoppages made for IT from! D° to D° - - ' ' - r -: l: - -

*7Sl-

Jan. 15.

I7-

31,

1780. Feb. io,

from! ]

r , t 1 *'

To K. Stables, Elqurre, to enableliim.to reimburse XT of the Northamptonshire Militia, 'the Stoppagestriade for D", from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following To MefT. Meyrick^to enable then! to reimburse D°of the Leicester and Warwickshire[Militia, the Stoppages inad£ for IT, from Dtf to IT ' - -

To Jn° I Mini), Esquire, to enable hitrt to reimburse IT of the Willjhife Milida, the Stoppages made for D9, from D° t6 D° - - - v]- -

d.

161 7 4

534 10 8 575 10 6

41 9 "

193 10 9

218 3 10

63 7 5

35 10 6 42 1 — 164 6 9 ,

65 *.4 —

86 11 4

286' z 8 76 12 8

66 7 3

110' 18 ,10

r ‘ .

193' 10 9

106 I3 3

To fun, dry Agents; tb be by thejmpaid over and applied to the Use of the Private Men of the respeffivfe Regiments, Battalions, and Corpsof Militia,; as an Equivalent to the Poundage deduced from the Pay of the ette&ive Private Men of the Regiments of FootOuards and Marching Regiments of Infantry on the Brit ifh Establishment, from 2.5thJJune 177^ to 24th December following - - - . 9,497 8 7

July 12. To fumlry D°, for. IX Service*' from 25th December 1779

to 24th June^ffto1 -: - - . - 9,770 4 6

1781. Jan. 15.

To sundry D°, for D° Service; from 25th June 1780 to 24tliXJ&mte?,^flowing - i - ? -: 9,917

8 10

A. 1781.

£ s- d'

i . T

V. 8,345 17

29,185 I I

F®r

4° Apr

1

i i Geo. III.

Date* of Warrants.

U79-

Nov. 11.

17

1780.

Jan. 14.

26. Feb. 23. March 1.

Jlfay 22. June 1.

July 6. Aug. 4. Sept. 25.

Oc2. it. 18.

Aror. 8.

10.

*779-

Oci. 2$. Nov. 3.

Aou. 3.

11. *7-

1780.

AeA. 8.

For the Marches, &c. of the 79th Regiment of Foot, from8th January 1778 to 24th following -For the D* of the 10th Regiment of Foot, from 25th June 1778 to 24th December following

For the D° of the 59th Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1775 to 24th December 1776 FortheD*ofD° Regiment, from 25th December 1777 to 24th December 1778 -

For the D° of the 79th Regiment offoot, from 25th June 1778 to 24th December following For the D* of the 80th Regiment of Foot, from 17th January 1778 to 24th June following For the D8 of the 7th Regiment of Dragoons, from 25th June 1778 to 24th December following For the D°of the nth Regiment of Dragoons, from D° to D* -

For the D°of the8oth Regiment of Foot, from D° to DJ For the D* of the 78th Regiment of Foot, from 8th January 1778 to 24th December following For the D° of the 8 ill Regiment of Foot, from 19th December 1777 to 24th June 1778 -

For the D® of the ill Battalion of the 73d Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1777 to 24th June 1778 For the D° of Sir Tho* Eger ton's Corps of Foot, from 5th October 1779 to 24th December following

For the D° of Earl Fauconberg's Regiment of Foot, from 25th June 1770 to 24th December following For the D® of the 6th Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1776 to 24th June 1777 -For the D® of D® Regiment, from 25th December 177 7 to 24th June 1778

For the D® of D®Regiment, from 25th June 1778 to 24th December following -For the D* of the 65th Regiment of Foot, from 25th June 1777 to 24th December following For the D# of D® Regiment, from 25th December 1777 to 24th June 1778 -For the D* of D* Regiment, from 25th June 1778 to 24th December following -For the D° of the 85th Regiment offoot, from 25th July 1779 to 24th December following For the D® of the 15th Regiment offoot, from 25th December 1776 to 24th December 1778 For the D® of the 50th Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1776 to 24th June 1777 -

For the D° of the 8th Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1777 to 24th December 1778

£ s. d.

3° 9 3 6

167 3 —

49a 2 —

45i 15 2

*47 12 8

160 2 —

*74 18 4

140 195 11 — 4 —

448 393 11 — 1 12 b

*5* 16 6

216 —

170 4 —

370 17 4

*39 7 J

9* 9 8

73 9 —

211 5 4

60 18 —

*4* 9 9

394 9 8 106 8 9

267 5 —

To Lieut. General Ja‘ Murray, for the contingent Disbursements of the 13th Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1772 to 24th December 1773 ——

To Lieut. General Boyd, for D® of the 39th Regiment offoot, from 2 5th December 17 7 7 to 24 th June 1778 To D°, for D° of D® Regiment, from 25th June 1778 to 24th December following -Lo L. G. Cary, for D® of the 43d Regiment offoot, from 25th December 1777 to 24th 1778 To Melfrs. Cox and Mair, for D# of the 52d Regiment of Foot, from D® to D® t

To L. G. Grant, for D* of the 63d Regiment offoot, from D° to D°

To D®, for D® of D° Regiment, from 25th June 1778 to 24th December following -

To Sir Bob1 Pigot, for D# of the 38th Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1775 to 24th 1776 To D", for D° of D° Regiment, from 25th Juni' 1776 to 24th December; following -To the Duke of Argyll, for D# of the ill Battalion of the ill Regiment of Foot, from 25th December

Vol. 38.

1777 to 24th December 1778

4Z

53 IO 7

*39 2 4

110 2 - 6

121 13 8

189 I 2

1 *3 l6 —

75 2 1

124 13 4

98 II 9

95* I -

361

5,616 15 £

T®

3 62

Dates of Warrants.

1 780. Feb. 10.

23*

28.

March 9.

23-J/oy 10.

40 Aprilis.

Sept. 25.

29.

oa. 18.

JSw. 8.

29.

.To Sir Poi* P/go/, for the contingent DHburfements of the 38 th Regiment of Foot, from 25 th Dec cm-for 1777 to 24th 1778 -

To D#, for D® of D® Regiment, from 25th June 1778 to 24th December following -To MeflT. Cox and Mair, for D® of the 12th Regiment of Foot, from D® to D®

To Lord A. Gordon, for D® of the 26th Regiment of Foot, from D® to D® -To the Earl of Eglintoun, for D® of the 5 ift Regiment of Foot, from D® to D® -To Mess. Pozvcll and Cooke, for D® of a Regiment and Independent Companies of Invalids, from D° to D® To L. G. Evelyn, for D® of the 29th Regiment of Foot, from D® to D®

To M. G. Mqffey, for D® of the 27th Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1775 to 24th June 1776 To D®, for D° of D° Regiment, from 25th June 1776 to 24th December following -To D®, for D® of D° Regiment, from 25th June 1778 to 24th December following -To L G. Taylor, for D® of the 24th Regiment of Foot, from 23th December 1777 to 24th June 1778 To D°, for D* of D® Regiment, from 25th 1778 to 24th December following -To Sir WmBoothb\/, for D°of the 6t h Regiment of Foot, from 2",th June 1777 to 24th December following To Meflf. Car, Mair, and Cor, for D° of the 65th Regiment of Foot, from 25th December i 776 to 24th June 1777 - - - - b -

To L. G. Parker, for D® of the 20th Regiment of Foot,'from 25th December 1777 to 24th June 1778 To D®, for D® of D* Regiment, from 25th June 1778 to 24th December following -To L. G. Cary, for D® of the 43d Regiment of Foot, from 25th June 1778 to 24th December following ——

To Meflf. Cor, Mair, and Car, for D® of the 16th Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1776 to 24th June 1777 - - # -

To D®, for D®of D® Regiment, from 25th June 1777 to 24th December following -To Sir Wm Hone, for D* of the 23d Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1777 to *4^ Jnne 1778 To D\ for D° of D® Regiment, from 25th June 1778 to 24th December following -To Shelf. Ross and Gray, for D® of the 61st Regiment of Foot., from 25th December 1777 to 24th

June .1778' -.....-

To U®, for D®ofD" Regiment, from 25th June 1777 to 24th December following -To M. G. Morris, for D® of D® Regiment, from 25th June 1778 to 24th December following To L, G. Campbell, for D® of the 35th Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1775 to 24th December

n 76....

To D° , for D® of D® Regiment, from 8th April 1775 to 24th December following -

£. s. d.

OB. 21.

Nov. 24.

Dec. jq.

2 780.

Jan. 26.

Feb. 8.

March 1 7. 23.

For the Marches, Sic. of the West Regiment of Norfolk Militia, from 25thyM<?to 24th December 1778 -

For D° of the Duke of Gordon's Fencible Men, from 25th April to 24th December 1778 -

For the D* of the Denbigh shire Militia, from 25th December 1778 to 24th June 1779 -

For the D® of the East Battalion of Middlesex D\ fro:n D® to D°

For the D® of the ift West Riding York D®, from D*

to D®....

For the D® of the Wilshire D°, from D° to D®

For the D® of the Cornwall D°, from D° to D®

109 4 4

66 6 6

116 l5 11

224 7 9

26 14 5

3^4 *7 8

193 11 8

!59 2 7

52 18 10

41 4 3

65 15 3

60 i3 —

153 3 6

112 14 6

I06 9 5

6l 7 —

92 9 11

369 —

IO5 9 —

34 5 4

33 *5 —

26 11 6

26 — 2

20 M 1

162 12 —

269 2 —

Militia, from

128 8 9

168 — —

123 3 —

i°7 8 7

198 6 4

357 1 —

208 7 6

A. 1781.

£. s, d.

4.353 *7 —

For

21 Geo. III. 4*

Dates of Warrants.

I 780.

March 23. For the Marches, Sic. of the Militia, from 2.3th December 1778 to 24th June 1779 For the D8 of the MerioneD°, from D8 to D°

For the D° of the Radnorf D°, from D*to D° April 7. For the I)8 of the Somersetshire D*, from D° to D8

For the D8 of the Pembrokeshire D", from 25th June

1778 to 24th June 1779 -

12. For the D8 of the SurreyD4, from 25th December 1778

to 24 th June 1779 ——

20. For the D° of the Worth Ilampshire D°, from D° to D 27. For the D8 of the Glamorganshire D8, from D8 toD8 -

For the D° of the Rutland D8, from D8 to D°

May 1 o. For the D° of the Westmoreland D % from 26th March 1778 to 24th June 1779 -

22. For the D8 of the Flintjh D8, from 25th December

1778 to 24th June 1779 -

For the l)8 of the West Norfolk D8, from D8 toD8

June a. For the D° of the Northamptonshire D°, from D8 to D8

For the D° of the DrecknD8, from D° to D8 -9. For the D° of the Northam D8, from 25th June

1779 to 24th DecmfaT following -

For the D8 of the East Kent D8, from D8 toD8 -For the D° of the East Essex D8, from D* to D8 -For the D8 of the West Essex D8, from I)8 to D° -For the D8 of the Dorfeff, D8, from D° to D8 For the D8 of the Derbysh D8, from D8 to D° -For the I)8 of the Lancas D°, from D8 to D° For the D8 of the Bu D8, from D8 to

D8.....

For the D8 of the Radnorshire D°, from D8 to D°

For the D° of the CornwaD8, from D8 to D° -For the I)8 of the West Norfolk D#, from D8 to D8 15. For the D° of the Cumberland Du, from D° to D°

For the D° of the Chef hire D°, from D° toD0 l'or the D° of the Northumberland D8, from D8 to D8 -For the I)8 of the Montgomeryshire D°, from D8 to D* -For the D8 of the Sutherland Regiment of Fencible Men, from D° to D8 -

21. For the D° of the North Hampshire Militia, from D°

toD8 - -

For the D8 of the South Lincoln D°, from D8 to D8 For the D8 of the Hertfordshire D°, from 25th June to 24th December 1778 -For the D8 of the East Norfolk D°, from 25th June 1779 to 24th December following - -For the D8 of D8 Regiment, from 25th December 1778 to 24th June 1779 - -

29. For the D° of the South Regiment of Fencible Men, from 23th June 1779 to 24th December following -For the D8 of the Durham Militia, from 25th December 1778 to 24th June 1779 - -

July 6. For the D8of the East Riding York D8, from 25th June to 24th December 1779 - -For the D8 of the If orceflershire D8, from D8 to

D8....

12. For the D8 of the West Kent D8, from D8 to D8 -

For the D8 of the South Devon D8, from 25th December 1778 to 24th December 1779 - -

20. For the D° of the SouthGloucestershire D8, from 25th June to 24 th December 1779 26. For the D8 of the Suffer D8, from D8 to D8

For the D8 of the Cambridgeshire D°, from D8 to D8 Aug. 4. For the D8 of the Huntingdon D°, from 25 th December 1778 to 24th June 1779 ‘ -

11. For the D8 of the Carnarvonshire D8, from D8 to D8 -For the D° of the East Suffolk D8, from 25th March to 24th December 1778 -

23. For the D8 of the Huntingdon D°, from 25th Juneio

24th December 1779- -

For the D° of the ill Battalion of the West Riding York D°, from D° to D8 - -

Sept. 13, For the D° of the East Devon I) % from 25th December' 1778 to December 1779 -

Vol. 38.

L s. d.

I 12 2 —

64 12 —

40 *7 4

57* 9 2

X34 7 6

218 1 —

240 *4 9

162 4

79 '4 ~6

192 *9 —

92 12 1

176 8 —

224 3 8

43 *3 3

214 7 8

75 3 5

i3f> *4 8

145 — 9

276 4 8

161 — —

96 14 2

217 *7 2

26 4 6

94 9 —

229 5 10

124 6 —

258 *7 —

132 2 8

99 18 7

*45 3 4

181 _ _ *

166 *3 6

328 14 2

215 *7 4

190 4 —

263 3 8

r^ GO 6 3

312 496 253 *9 6 3 6

*93 2 IO

123 11 6

645 *5 4

no 7 i

aoi 18 IO

45 *3 ——

168 — —

127 19 IO

JIO *3 —

4/6 *3 —

363

£ s- d.

For

34

4* Apr.

Dates of Warrant*.

1780.

Sept. 13.

2 5*

oa. 4.

Z I.

I*.

a6.

Afoa. 8.

1-6.

*3-

17S1-7««t- *#.

779* iihv. 15.

For the Marches, Jfc. of the Merbnethshire Militia, from 25th to 24th December 1779 Foe the D* of the WiltshireD®, from D* to D* -For the D* of the Surrey D®, from D® to D®

For the D® of the North Devon D°, from D® to D®

For the D® of the South Hampshire D°, from 25th December a 778 to 24th Jane 1779 -

For the D° of the Denbighshire D®, from 25th June to 24th December 1779 ——

For the D® of the Bedfardshire D®, from D* to D®

For the D® of the Western Regiment of Fencible Men, from 2$-th December 1778 to 24th June 1779 -For the D® of D® Regiment, from 25th June to 24th December 1779 ——

For the D° of the North Lincoln Militia, from D*to D® For the D* of the RuHandshire D°, from D® to D®

For the D* of the iVefmoreland I)*, from D* to D®

For the D® of the North GloD*, from D" to D* For the D® of D® Regiment, from 25th December 1778 to 24th June 1779 -

For the D" of the West MiddleD", from 25th June to 24 th December 1779 -

For the D®of the WarwickshireD®, from 25th December 17781024th December 1779 -For the D° of the Westminster D®, from 25th June to 24th December 1779 ——

For the D® of the Monmouthshire D®, from D* to D*

For the D® of the Herefordshire D®, from D® to D®

For the D® of the LeicesterfhireD®, from D® to I)®

For the D* of the Oxfordfiire D®, from 15th July to 124th December 1778 -For the 13* of D* Regiment, from 25th December 1778 to 24th June 1770 ——

For the D* of the wef SuffolkD®, from 25th December 177*8 to 24th June 1^79 -

For the D®k>f the Hertfordshire D®, from 25th December 1778 to 24th December 1 For the D° of the Berkshire D®, from 26th March to 24th December 1778 -

For the D®-of D* Regiment, from 25th December 1778 to 24th Jnne'i'j-jo- -

For the D® of D® Regiment, from 2 5th June to 24th December *779 -

For the D® of the Shropshire D®, from D® to D* -For the D®of the Euft Middlesex D®, from D® to D®.

For the D® of rite North Devon B®,from 25th December 1779 to 24th June 1780 -

For the D® of thp South Gloucefe D®, from D® to D® -For the D® of the DorsetshireD®, from D® to D®

For the id of the DerbyshireD®,.from D® to D® -

277 15 *99 *3

9

4

To Colonel Ward, for thecooti ngent D! fburfements of the CambridgeJhJre Militia, from 25th December 1778 to 24th June 1779 282 4

10

1 780.

A ug. ii- To Major Hughes, for D*of the Fliutshire D®, from

25th June to 24th December 1779 - -

12. To Captain Herbert J, for D" of the Anglesea D®, from D* to D'

Oct.26. To the Earl of Darlington, for D® of the Durham D®, fr om D° to D* -

57 *9 " 105 9 8

48 19 9

Jr'cb.

10.

To Lord M'I.cod, for-divers Camp Necessaries provided for the 2d Battalion of the 73d Regiment of Foot -To Colonel Keating, for O' provided for the 88th D® -March 9. To the Earl of Harrington, for D® provided for the 85th

D®.....-

dpiil 12- To Colonel Ackland, for D* provided for the^ft D° -To Colonel M'Garmick, for D® provided for the 93d D®

27. To Colonel St.Leger, for D" provided for the 86th D*

May5. To Lieut. -General Preston, for D* provided for the 17th Regiment of Dragoons r - -

8.- For D® provided for a Detachment of the Foot Gnat ds

605 2 —

380 13 e

420 17 6

492 7 —

434 18 3

420 7 6

77* 1

270 9

£ s. d.

54 10 4

169 *9 8

358 8 10

125 4 6

M3 5 3

62 9 2

233 *3 6

lI5 *7 4

202 18

288 8 —

77 10 —

91 *9 5

*53 4 6

264 3 —

336 9 5

616 10 10

*57 *9 —

158 16 —

*34 8 6

268 16 6

218 2

*54 6

79 2 9

378 iz -

268 5 -

189 14 8

169 I -

166 I -

224; [8 -

334 1 [5 -

35* 2 1

A. xqcy9-

L *- d-

17,801 15 8

394 n 3

To

% \ Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

1780, May 8

40 Aprilis.

365

24.

29*

To L. G. Gage, for divers Camp Necessaries provided for the 2 2d Regiment of Foot -To L. G. Sir Wm Howe, for D° provided for the 23d D® - - - r - -

To Sir R. Hamilton, for D0 provided for the 40th D® -To L. G. Cary, for D® provided for the 43dD* -To General Abercrombiefor D®provided for the 44thD®

To M. G. Grant, for D® provided for the 55th D®

To L. G. Irioine, for D° provided for the 57th

D® - - -....

To L. G. Fra* Grant, for D* provided for the 63d

D®.....-

To M. G. Hall, for D® provided for the 79th D®

To Sir Wm Erskine, for D® provided for the 80th D®

To Col. Mc Lean, for D® provided for the 82d D°

To Sir H. Clinton, for D® provided for the 2d Battalion of the 84th D° ——

To General Hodgson, for D° provided for the 4th D® -To L. G. Jas Jo It nf 1 oi7, for D® provided for the 6th Regiment of Dragoon* ——

June 21. To M. G. Pigott, for D® provided for the 38th Regiment of Foot -

To M. G. Majfey, for D® provided for the 27th D®

To the Duke of Argyll, for D® provided for the ift Battalion of the lit D® -

To D" for D® provided for the 2d Battalion of D® Regiment ——

To L. G Murray, for D® provided for the 13th Regiment of Foot - -

To L. G. Cunningham, for D® provided for the 14th

D®....

To M. G. Faucitf, for D® provided for the 15th

D®....

To L. G. Campbell, for D® provided for the 35th

D® - -....

To L. G. Maitland, for D® provided for the 49th

D®....

To L. G. Frederick, for D° provided for the 54th

D"....

To Sir David Lindsay, for D® provided for the 59th D® To Lord Amherst, for D® provided for the 60th D°

To Major Dalrymple, for D® provided for his Corps of Foot - - .

To Col. Stanton, for D® provided for the 97th Regiment of Foot -

July 6. To M. G. Prescott;for D® provided for the 7th D®

To L. G. Elphinjtone, for D® provided for the 53d D® -To L. G. Campbell, for D® provided for the 74th

D°....

To L. G. Frafer, forD® provided for the 71st D®

To Lord Viscount Chewton, for D® provided for the

87thD® -....

To M. G. Prescott, for D® provided for 7th D® -To Lieut. Col. Stuart, for D® provided for the 92d D® To Col. Dundas, for D® provided for the 94th D®

To Lord Seaforth, for D® provided for the 78th D® -To M. G. Grey, for D® provided for the 28th D® -

To Earl Cornzoallis, for D* provided for the 33d D®

To M. G. Vaughan, for D® provided for the 46th D° -

To L. G. Pomeroy, for D® provided for the 64th D®

To,the Duke of Argyll, for D* provided for the ill Battalion of the iftD®

To L. G. Murray, for D® provided for the 13th D® - - , -

To Sir David Lindsay, for D" provided for the 59th D® ——

To Sii1 W" Boothby, for D® provided for the 6th D®

To'Sir Jn* Sebright, for D® provided for the 18th D® -To, M. G. Color aft, for D® provided for the 65th

D®.....- - - .

TojCol. Reid, for D® provided for the 95th D® r - .

Vol. 38. ! 5 A

12.

20.

£ s. d.

203 I 6

203 I 6

203 I 6

203 I 6

203 1 6

203 I 6

203 1 6

203 I 6

284 3 —

284 3 —

284 3 —

203 1 6

198 13 —

422 12 9

202 16

202 16 —

213 ii 6

198 13 —

198 13 —

198 *3 —

198 l2 —

198 13 —

198 13 —

198 13 —

108 13. —

7«7 11 —

146 3 —

400 16 —

8 —

251 8

278 3 —

553 l9 "1 1

416 9 —

198 13 —

416 9 —

416 9 — -

26S 3 T-

263 1 6

203 1 6

203 1 6

203 1 6

35.1 7 —

176,17 {*

176 17 — 1

203 I 6

203 I . 6

203 I £

420 17 6

c.:

T*

A. 178!.

366

Datei of Warrant*.

178°.

July 20. To M. G. Robertfonfor divers Camp Necessaries provided for the i6thRegiment offoot -26. To Earl Percy, for D° provided for* the 5th D® -

To Cof. Mc Donnell, for D® provided for the 76th D® -Aug.4. To L. G. Monckton, for D® provided for the 17th D® - -

11. To' C61. Tottenham, for D® provided for the 90th D* -

12. To, M. G. Rainsford, for D° provided for the 99th

B® - ....

To L. G. Sherrard, for IT provided for the 69th

D" -....

To Col. Scott, for D® provided for the 83d D*

23. To Lord Jn° Murray, for D° provided for the 4?.d D* -Sept.30. To Sir T/10' S. iFilfon, for D° provided for the 50th E)® -

08. 4. To L. G. Jones, for Dr provided for the 2d I)®

26. To M. G. Tryon, for D® provided for the 70th D*

To L. G. Frederick, for D® provided for the 54th D* -Nov. 8. To Lieut. Cof. Campbell, for t)® provided for the 74th D" - - ...

29. To Sir E. Cootc, for D* provided for the 37th D®

To D®, for D® provided for E)1® Regiment -

Dec. 8. To Jn*Trotter, Esquire, for providing Camp Necessories for the Use of the Forces in the Ltcroard Islands and Jamaica ——

21.To Sir Tho*'Eger ton, for divers Camp Necessaries provided for One Company of his Corps of Foot -

1779-

08. 1. To Sir R. Milbanke, for divers Camp Necessaries provided Riding of Yorkshire Militia -

1780.

Feb. 23. To Lord Vifooimt Hinton, for D® provided for the East Devon D* - -

To Col. Sawbridge, for D° provided for the East Kent

D" - - - - ....

April 12. To Lord Paget, for D° provided for the Staffordshire D®

20. To ,the Duke of Chandos, for D® provided for the North

HampJItire D® -

27. To Col. Tuffnell, for t>° provided for the East

alefex Ef® -

May zi. To Col. Core, for D* provided for the D®

To Lord Cranbokme, for D® provided for the shire D*

June 15. To Lieut. Col. Myddlelon, for D® provided for the Den-big/shire D" -

To Sir Jn° IFodehouse, for D® provided for the East Norfolk D®

To Major IF" Biirton, for ET provided for the Rutland-shire D® -

To Col. Geo. Sutton, for D® provided for the Nottingham

d® - - -; -

To Lord Rivers, for D* provided for the )® To Col. Lcdim&re, for D® provided for th

d® - - .; 1 .

To Col. Caldecol, for D® provided for the North Lincoln D® -

21. To Sir TUtrish Treife, for D° provided for the Comish D® To'Major In? Jones, for D® provided for the

shire D®

July 6. To thq Earl of Upper 'Offory, for t)® provided for the Bedfordshire D® - ,

To, Sir R.' Milbanke, for D® provided for the North Riding YorkD® -

To; the Dake of Rutland, for D® provided for die Lei-dejlershire D® - -

To Lord Sj)encei', for D° provided for the D"

To the Duke of Mahchester, for D® provided for the HuntingHon E)® - -

To Lord Beauchamp, for D® provided for the 7-

12.

26.

shireD®

Aug. 4. To CoJ. Harvey, for Dk provided for the 2d West Riding Yofk E)® - - - - .

To Lord Hinton, for D® provided for the East Devon t)"

£ s. d.

203 I 6

22 6 16 6-

3*3 8 6

198 3 —

416' 9 —

198 *3 —

217 — 2

284 3 —

311 16* —

2Z8 1 6

265 11 2

222 12 6

l86 18 —

544 14 —

203 1 6

252 12 6

1,811 16 —

33 ro 6

for the North

187 12 ——

173 18 —

103 *7 6

165 *9 —

156 , 9 —

191 7 6

*99 1 3

154 4 —

' 93 i5 6

142 — —

44 6 —

142 — —

*95 9 —

178 — 6

!73 18 —

1 Si 3 —

44 8 6

151 2 6

204 14 —

*74 14

160 7

130 8 6

*35 *3 6

*78 3

207 1 -

22,367

. c. d.

10 3

To

21 Geo. Ill

367

Dates of Warrants.

1780,

Aug. 12.

*3-

31-

Sept. 13.

oa. 11.

26. Nov. 23.

Dec. 21. March 23. 23-

April 20. 27. May 8.

22.

To Col Skottowe, for diversCamp Necessaries provided for the Buclcinghamshire Militia -To Col. Orchard, for D® provided for the North Devon D® -

To the Duke of Devonshire, for D° provided for the Derbyshire D° -

To Lord A. Percy, for D" provided for the Northumberland D°.....-

To the Earl of Powis, for D® provided for the meryshireD® -To Col. Maister, for D* provided for the East Riding York TP ——

To Col. Blackwell, for D® provided for the North- Gbu-cester D° - -

To Lord Bateman, for D° provided for the Hereford-shire D° ——

To Lieut. Col. Johnes, for D* provided for the Carmarthenshire D° ——

To Col. Parker, for D® provided for the South Devon D®

To Cel. Ward, for D° provided for the Cambridgeshire

D"....

To Sir Rich'1 Worjley, for D° provided for the South Hampshire D° -

To the Earl of Suffer, for D® provided for the Northamp-

tonshireD® ——

To Col. Jas Ijxvther, for D® provided for the Cumberland I)® -

To the Earl of Rochford, for D® provided for 2 Additional Companies to the West 1ZffexD® - -

To L. G. Francis Grant, for sundry Accoutrements of the 63d Regi-giment of Foot, loft on Service in North America between 26th

£ s. d.

198 12 —

162 — —

173 l5 —

230 '7 —

113 *9 6

191 12 —

184 11 9

201 — 6

154 ‘4 6

155 16 6

*5* 4 6

18 '7 —

236 2 —

129 l5 —

72 7 —

24. June 2.

Vol. 38.

August 1776 and 19th Jane 1778 - -

To Col. liar court, to replace 12 Horses belonging to the 16th Regiment of Dragoons, which were killed in Service in North Amenta,'between 2d January 1777 an^ 25th October 1778 ' -

To M. G. Vaughan, for sundry Accoutrements of the 46th Regiment of Foot, loft on Service in North America between 6th July and 9th September 1779 -To L. G. Armfirong, to replace sundry D° of the 8th

Regiment of Foot, loft Tr& February 1776, on board a Transport off the Kland of Nevis To L. G. Sorell, to replace sundry D® of 5 Companies of the 48th Regiment of Foot, taken at the Surrender of Grenada - - — ! -

To D', to replace Clothing of D*,taken at D® - - - -To L. G. Preston, to replace 37 Horses of the 17th Regiment of Dragoons, which were killed in Action, taken by the Enemy, or thot for the Glanders; in North America, from their EmbaWtafiQn'-to 24th December 1779 -

To D°, to replace 17 Horses belonging to the Officers of D® Regiment, which were loft in AftieU,-3fr?. m D®, from 25th December 1778 to 24th x 779 -

To D*, to replace sundry Accoutrements of D® Regiment, loft on Service in D®, ^from April 1776 "to 24th , June 1778-.-- - -

To General Eliott, to replace 8 Horses of the fjyth Rest i men t. of Dragoons, which were burnt at Manchester bj' a Fire which happened 27th December 1)79' '

To M. G. Ma'ffly, to replace sundry Accoutrements of the 27th Regiment of Foot* loft on Servicem North America ——

To Sir Tho, Spencer Wit/on, to replacefundry D® of the 50th Regiment of Foot, loft in'Action on "board-the -Fleet in July 1778 - - - 1 -

To L."G. Rom troy, to replace sundry D® of the 64th* Regiment of Foot, toft ori Service in America in 1778 and T779 - - - - -' - r

To L. G. Mackay, to replace D® of the 21st Regiment' of Foot, loft oh Service in*D®in the Year 1776 - *

79

184 9 —

32 9 9

22 i<

217 13

234 18

5^3' l3

260 10 — k

542 16

120 ——

39' *7 3

56 —

56 x —

£ *-

d.

6,344 16 6

22

9 —

T*

368

Dates of Warrants.

1780.

June 14.

July 12.

8.

4° Aprilis.

1781.

Jan, 15.

J7*

To Col. Harcourt, to replace Horses of the 16th Regiment of Dragoons, loll or killed in America, from 25th December 1777 to 24th December 17.78 -To P°, to replace funrlrv Clothing and Accoutrements of D° Regiment, loft or taken by the Enemy, inD*

in the Year 1778....

To Sir E. Cooley to replace fuwlry Accoutrements of the 37th Regiment of Foot, loft on Service in America between 25th November 1777 and 20th February

*779 - - ~ -

To Lieut/General Pref/on, to replace sundry Horses of the 17th Regiment of Dragoons,. which were loft at Sea, killed iii Action, or ftiot for the Glanders, Sic. in America, from 25th December 1779to -4*\rJnne 1780 To D°, to replace 19 Horses belonging to the Officers of D° Regiment, loft at Sea, Sic., from D° to Da -To D°, to replace sundry Accoutrements of the 17th Regiment of Dragoons, which were loft on Service , in North America, between 25th December 1778 and 24th December 1779 - _ -

To I)*, to replace sundry D°, loft on Service in D°, between 25II1 December 17 79 and 24th June 1780

d.

660 — —

169 3 —

2214 9

i,336 -

290 1 c —

97

768

1779. May 31.

1780. Feb. 10.

ToSir E. Coole, in lieu 0f49Days.net Off reckonings of the Additional-

to the 37th Regiment of Foot

To Earl Fauconberg, in lieu of 122 Days D° of his Regiment of Foot -

To Lord ViscountC/rerofott, in lieu of 122 Days D° of the 87th Regiment of Foot - -

To Sir 77/ck Egerton, in lieu of 122 Days D° of his Regiment of Foot - -

To Col. St. Legei'y in lieu of 122 Days D° of the 86th Regiment of Foot - -

To Col. Canjy in lieu of 122 Days D° of the 89th D° -

To the Earl of Harringtoiiy iu lieu of 122 Days D8 of the 85th D* -

To Col. Kealingy in lieu of 122 Days D° of the 88th

59 16 11

746 5 —

746 5 —

445 15 1

746 5

D°

To Col. Tottenham, in lieu of 122 Days D0 of the 90th D° - - _ - , - . - -v; ,

To Col. Acklandy in lieu of 122 Days jD° of the oift (

d° - - - - :v

To Lieut. Col. Stuart, in lieu of 122 Days D°, of the q2d D° -

April 28. To Messrs. Cox and Maii\ to make good deficient Offreckonings of the 65th Regiment of Foot, from 6th July 1776 to 5th July *777 -. -

May 10. To Major Liftery in lieu of 122 Days net Qff-reckon-.

ings of his Regiment of Dragoons - - - - _

To Col. Stanton, in lieu.of 122 Days net. Offreckonings of the 97th Regiment of Foot - -

To Colonel Rsjd, in lieu of 122 Days D° of the 95th v

D* - - - ' w ... , .

To Lieut. Col. Holroyd, in liepof 122 Days D°of the > 22d Regiment of Dragoons - - . - _ -

To Lieut. Col. Whyte, in lieu of 122 Days'D° of the 96th Regiment of Foot To Col. Dundasy in lieu of 122 Days D® of the 94th D* - - .

Aug. 30. To;Lord McLeod, in lieu of 285 Days D° of tire lft (l battalion of the 73d D° - .

To D° in lieu of 24 Days D° of the Second Battalion of; P° Regiment - - r .: ,

Sept 30. To Col. AT Carmick, in lieu of 122 Days D* of the 93d Regiment of Foot - '

Nov. 23. To Lord Jn° Murray, in lieu of 1-22 Days D8 of the 2d Battalion of the 42d D° - . -

To Lieut. Col. North, in lieu of 122-Days D° of his Corps of Foot - - - r r - - . t - v,

: 746

746 746 .746 .746 746

5 — 5 — 5 —

5 ~

5 —

I I I

289 323, 9 6 746 5 — 746 5

431 6 —

> 746. 5 —

746.. 5 — 485 16 7

40 18 3

746 5 —

526 9 —

371 9 3

A. 178-1.

jr. s. d.

V

5.777 *4 6

T®

21 GeovIII.

Dates of Warrant!.

4° Aprilis.

369

1780. Nov. 23.

1780.

Feb.

To Lieut. Col. Fullarton, in lieu of 122 Days net Offreckonings of the q8th Regiment of Foot To M. G. Rainsforc), in lieu of 122 Days D* of the

99th D°....

10.

23* May 26.

July 26. Nov. 23. Dee. 28.

Jan. 31.

£ s‘ d. 519 18 6

746 5 —

To the Duke of Argyll, for one Bat Horse for each of the 2 Additional Companies to the ill Battalion of the ift Regiment of Foot, ordered

to take the Field - - - - 20 ——

To D°, for an additional Bat Horse to D° - - - 20 ——

To the Colonels of Four Regiments of Dragoons, for additional Bat Horses for their respective Regiments, being ordered to take the Field - 240 — —

To ihe Colonels of Three Regiments of Foot, for Bat I lorfes for their respective Regiments, ordered to serve Abroad - - 330 — —

To the Colonels of Four Regiments of Foot, for Bat Horses for their respective Regiments, ordered on

Service - - - - 440 ——

To Sir 77/o* Spencer Wilson, for additional Bat Horses for the 50th Regiment of Foot, ordered to take the Field - -- -- - xoo — —

To Major Dalrymple, for Bat Horses for his Corps of

Foot, ordered to take the Field in Jamaica - - 60 ——

To the Colonels of the 60th and 79th Regiments of Foot, for Bat Horses for their respective Regiments, ordered on Serv ice - - - 220 — — -

To the Colonels of the 78th and 83d Regiments of Foot, for additional Bat Horses for their respective Regiments, ordered to lake the Field - 200 ——

To !\i. G. Rains ford, for Bat 1 lorfes for the 99th Regiment of Foot, oi dered abroad - - - - 110 ——

To tile Colonels of Three Regiments of Foot, for D®

for their respective Regiments, ordered Abroad - 330 — —

To the Colonels of Three Regiments of D°, for D° for

their respective Regiments ordered Abroad - - 330 — —

To Sir Tho'Egerton, for One Bat HorseforOne Company

of his Corps of Foot, ordered to take the Fic Id - 10 ——

To the Colonels of Regiments of Foot, for Bat, Baggage, and Forage, for additional Companies to their respective RegimentSjOrdered to serve Abroad - 195 — —

Feb. 10.

13-

May 26.

£. s- <L

14,687 16

30 —

July 26. Nov. 23. Dec. 28.

To the Duke of Argyll, for Baggage Horses for a Additional Companies . to the 1 ft Battalion of the ift Regiment of Foot, ordered to take the Field -

To the Colonels of Three Regiments of Foot, for Baggage Horses for their respective Regiments, ordered Abroad ——

To the Colonels of Four Regiments of Foot, for D'for their respective Regiments ordered on Service -To Major Dalrymple, for D° for his Corps of Foot, ordered to takethe Field in Jamaica To the Colonels of the iff Battalion of the 60th and 79th Regiments of Foot, for Dq for their respective Regiments, ordered on Service -To M. G. Rainsford, for D° for the 99th Regiment of

Foot, ordered Abroad - -, - -

To the Colonels of Three Regiments of Foot, for D* for their respective Regiments* ordered Abroad -To the Colonels of Three Regiments of D* for D° for their ret pc 6tive Regiments, ordered Abroad' -To Sir 77/o* Kgerton, for One.Baggage Horse for One Company of his Corps of Foot, ordered to takethe Field -

533 15 "

7I3 *5 ~

116 5 --

411 5 —

178 15 —

536 5 —

C15 ——

2,605

15 ——

Vol. 38.

To the Colonels of 10 Regiments of Foot, for 100 Days Wintef Forage for their respective Regiments, ordered to be in Readinefe to take the

Field - 2,405--

To the Colonels of 9 Regiments, of Dragoon Guards and Dragoons, for 100 Days D*'for their respective Regiments, ordered to be in Readinels to takethe

Field ----- --- 5.095--

5 B

3,j5o ——

To

4° JpriUs

37°

i Dates of Warrants,

1780.

10.

*3-

1 . 29-

March 17. J/oy 26.

jGw 2i.

3*

14.

26.

Aw. 23. 29-

JXc. 15. 28.

7'fft. 10.

A. 1781.

To the Duke of Argyll, for Forage for Additional Companies to the ift Battalion of the 1 ft Regiment of Foot, ordered to take the Field -To D®, for Winter Forage for D* -To the Colonels of Three Regiments of Foot, for 100 Days Forage for their respective Regiments, ordered to serve Abroad ——

To the Colonels of the 78th and 83d Regiments of Foot, for 100 Days Winter Forage for their respective Regiments, ordered to be in Readiness to take the Field ——

To Forage Money, for the General and Staff Officers during the Campaign 1779 - -

To the Colonels of Four Regiments of Foot, for 100 Days Forage for their respective Regiments, ordered on Service -

To L. G. Carpenter, for 100 Days Forage for the 4th Regiment of Dragoons, ordered to be in Readiness to take the Field ——

To the Colonels of 11 Regiments of Dragoon Guards and Dragoons, for 100 Days Forage for the Surgeons Mates of their respective Regiments -To Major Dalrymple, for 100 Days D®, for his Corps

of Foot, ordered to take the Field in Jamaica -To the Colonels of the ift Battalion of the 60th and the 79th Regiments of Foot, for 100 Days D® for their respective Regiments, ordered on Service To L. G. Fitzroy, for 100 Days D® for the 3d Regiment of Dragoons, ordered to be in Readiness to take the Field - -. -

To Forage Money to the General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals attending the Forces -To the Flarl of Seaforlh, for 120 Days further Allowance of Forage for the 78th Regiment of Foot, while in Camp at Jersey and Guervfey To Col. Scott, for 72 Days D® for the 83d Regiment of Foot, while in Camp at D® -To M. G. Rainsford, for 100 Days Forage for the 99th

Regiment of Foot, ordered to serve Abroad To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Foot, for 100 Days D° for their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field ——

To the Colonels of Three Regiments of Foot, for- xoo Days D® for their respective Regiments, ordered Abroad - -

To Forage Money to the General and Staff Officers during the Campaign 1780 -

To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Dragoon Guards and Dragoons, for 100 Days Winter Forage for their rofpcciive Regiments, ordered to be in Readi-ness to take the Field ——

To the Colonels of the 3 Regiments of Foot Guards, in lieu of Forage for their respective Regiments, ordered to be in Readiness to take the Field -To the Colonels of 3 Regiments of Foot, for 100 Days Forage for their respective Regiments, ordered to serve Abroad -

To Sir Thos Eger ton, for Forage Money for One Company of his Corps of Foot, ordered to take the Field -To the Colonels of the 78th and 83d Regiments of Foot, for too Days Forage for their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field -

To the Duke of Argyll, for Forage for the 2d Battalion ' of the ill Regiment of Foot, from the Time the said Battalion left the Camp in Hyde Park to the End of the Campaign, being 120 Days -

jr. >. d.

35 ——

35 ——

660 ——

512 10 —

M74 18 —

880 ——

55° ——

55 ——

120 — —

467 xo —

550 ——

4>710 ——

291 — — 174 12 — 240 ——

2,860 ——

660 ——

i^55 3 —

7>15'° ——

6,128 5 6

710 ——

17 10 —

515 ——

264 ——

To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Militia, for Additional BatHorfes for the Additional Companies to their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field - - - - 130 ——

C * L

33^395 8 6

To

4* Aprilis.

a i Geo. III.

Dfttes of Warrants.

1780. Feb. 26.

28.

July 26.

August 30. Nov. 29.

Feb. 28. July 26.

August 30. Nov. 29.

Jan. 31.

Feb. 28.

May 26.

July 26.

August 23.

So.

Nov. 29.

April 7.

41.

Jw£U/? 4.

/>«". 8.

Vol. 38.

To the Colonels of the Leicesterjand Sussex Militia*

for Additional Bat Horses for their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field ... To Col. Tuffnell, for One Bat Horse for the Additional Company to the East Midd Militia, ordered to take the Field ——

To D*, for an Additional Bat Horse for D°, to carry the Blankets ——

To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Militia, for Bat Horses for their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field ——

To the Colonels of sundry D % for Bat Horses for the Additional Companies to their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field -To I xml Bateman, for Bat Horses for the Herefordshire Militia, ordered to take the Field -

To Lieut. Col Johnes, for D° for the Carmarthenshire Militia, ordered to take the Field -

£. s. d. 410 — —

10 ——

420 ——

I3o ——

100 ——

60 ——

To Col. Tuffnell, for One Baggage Horse for the Additional Company to

the East Middlesex Militia, ordered to take the Field 15 ——

To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Militia, for Baggage Horses for their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field - 653 15 —

To the Colonels of sundry D°, for Baggage Horses for the Additional Companies to their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field - - - - 195 — —

To Lord Bateman, for Baggage Horles for the Herefordshire Militia, ordered to take the Field - 155 — —

To Lieut. Col. Johnes, for Baggage Horfrsfor the Car-

mart henshire Militia, ordered to take the Field - 93 15 —

17 *7

10 — 10 —

To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Militia, for 100 Days Winter Forage for their respective Regiments, ordered to be in Readiness to take the Field ----- -- 6,595 — —

To Col. Tuff'nell, for Forage for the Additional Company to the East Middlesex Militia, ordered to take

the Field - ....

To D°, for Winter Forage for D3

To the Colonels of the Leicestershire and North Hampshire Militia, for 100 Days Winter Forage to their respective Regiments, ordered to be in Readiness to take the Field - - - - 400 — —

To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Militia, for 100 Days Forage for their respective Regiments, ordered

to take the Field - - - -7,180- ——

To the Colonels of sundry D*, for 176 Days Forage for their respective Regiments, ordered to be in Readiness to take the Field during the Campaign

1779 ....

To Lord Bateman, for 100 Days Forage for the Herefordshire Militia, ordered to take the Field To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Militia, for 100 Days Winter Forage for their respective Regiments, ordered to be in Readiness to take the Field To Lieut. Col. Johnes, for 100 Days Forage for the Carmarthenshire Militia, ordered to take the Field

4,514 8 —

200 ——

2,527 10 — 122 10 —

To Rob* Adair, Esquire, on Account for his contingent Disbursements as

Inspector General of Regimental Infirmaries - 2,000 ——

To D % on Account, to enable him to pay the Monthly

Allowance to the Regiments encamped - - 2,000--

To D®, on Account,'to enable him to satisfy such Bills

as are drawn for the Pay of extra Surgeons and Mates

in the West Indies and Africa - - - - 1,000 ——

To D° on Account of sundry contingent Disbursements

for Hospitals, Xc. - - - - - - 1,000 -

To D°, being the Balance of his Account of contingent Disbursements for the Sick of the Army, from 25th

Dece?nber 1778 to 24th June 1780 - - - 571 12 3

371

c- * d-

1,070 — -

1,11110

21,574 8 —

To

3?2

Dates of Warrant-. 1780.

Dtd 8. »5-

4* dprilis.

1780. Jan. 19.

i^'6. 10.

23-

March 23. v4prz7 14. April 12. ^Api il zo.

May 12.

22. >/j/12.

21.

24.

4*

10.

11.

12.

Augiifi 23

To Adair, Esquire, being the Balance of Pay of

extnaSurgeons Mates in the CededIJlands, Sc. from 25th December in77 to 24th December innq To D°, 1 -

L- s. d.

303 4 —

825 *3 —

To Lie at General Parker, to reimburse him the contingent Expences of the Army encamped on War ley Common, from 12 th June 1779 to 24th November following . -

To Lieut. General Peirfon, to reimburse him D° of the Army encamped at Coxheath, during the Campaign 1779 -

To Wm Rice, Esquire, Surveyor of the Horse Guards for Work done and Repairs at Whitehall, the Tilt Yard, St. James s, Kensington, Somerset Hou/e, Sc. between 25th December 1776 and 25th December 1777 To Mqjor General Morrison, for the contingent Expences of the Assistants to the Quarter Malter General, in marking out Grounds, Sic. for Encampments, and the Pay of an extra Assistant, from ift December 1778 to 25th Dxccmber 1779, and pay of an extra Clerk from 25th October 1778 to D° - - - " -

To Meffi Rojk and Gray, to make good the Deficiency of Pay to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the i$th Regiment of Dragoons - - -;

To Li$ut. General Amher/I, for his contingent Expences as Adjutant General, from 25th December 1777 to 24th December 1778 To Lieut. Col. Holroyd, for Irjorfe Furniture and Accoutrements of his Regiment of Dragoons -To Chas Eyre9 and Wm Strahan, Esquires, for the Charge of Paper, Printing, Sc. several Acts of Parliament for the Use of the Army To Jif Gore, Esquire, for Necessaries for the Foot Guards in the Barracks of the Tower, from Michaelniis 1779 to Lady Day 1780 To Captain Rich4 Bailey, for Expences in superintending the Embarkation of Parties, Camp Equipage, Sc. from nth March 177910 10th March 1780 - , - -

To Captain. 3^ Bulkely, for Loflbs sustained by him by the Shipwreck of the Ship Catherine, on the Irish Coast: - - - -

To Col. Sam1 Toxvn/hend, for his contingent Expences in lnperiatending the Recruiting Service, from 25th June to 24th December 1779 -To WmRice, Esquire, Surveyor of the Guards, for Work done in Repairs, Sc. of the Foot Guards Rooms* Orderly Rooms, Somerset House Baracks, and Recruit-House, in full for 3 Years from 25th December 1776 to 25th December 1779 . -

To M. G. Hall, for Kuapfacks for the 79th Regiment of Toofc . -To Col. Wn Roy, for his contingent Disbursements as Deputy Quarter Master General and Commiftary General, from 25th December 1779

to z\X\\.June 1780 ....

Te Geo. Gamier, Esquire, on Account, for Medicines, Sc. supplied, and to be supplied, for the Use of the Army -To Tim* Harley, Esquire, for Blankets for the Use of the Troops in England -

To Leonard Morfc, Esquire, for carrying on for 2 Yrears, from Midsummer.

1778 to Midsummer 1780, a progressive Lilt of Commissions o£all the Officers in the Army, and for having a new Lift transcribed in

*77$ ,.....- -. '

To Col. Pits<?n, for Kuapfacks for the 75th Regiment of Foot To Meffi Harley and IJoyd, for Packing, Freight, Iuvuranee, Sc. in fending Clothing for Invalids in the respective Garrisons, in the Year

1779 ....

To M. G. Morrison> for his contingent Expences as Quarter Master

General, from 25th December 1779 to 24th June 1780 -

To Coj. Sam1 Toicnjhend, for D* in superintending the Recruiting Service, from D° to D° - - - * -

To Captain Jn° Whitmarsh, of the Somerset Militia, to defray the Expen^esof a Pro fecutiou carried on againsthipi, foi> pullingdown adif-orderly Booth, rat Cox heath, in the Campaign 1779, by Order of Lieut. General Pierson -: - -

lb Liejut. Tho' Hayklqy, late of the West Suffolk Militia, to defray the Expenses of D°, carried on against hinij for doing his Duty on the Ocgafion of a Disturbance, when he Wf^s on Guard at Coxheath in 1778 To the Agents of the 3 Regiments of Foot Guards, for extra Charges of the said Regiments, during the late Tumults

A. 1781

£. s. d.

7,70° 9 3

108 ——

130 19 3

3>i7a 2.4

363 x9 6

1,946 2 5

406 11 — 1,471 1 —

384 12 8

619 7 6

2-43 1 2

44 1

39° 6 8

a,777 19 — 271 10 —

200 19 ---

O %

0,000 ——

2,242 12 2

250 — 103 8

424 7 3

225 10 —

317

199 1 2

234 10 —

7§3 II 6 1 f

T®

at GeQ. Ill, 4° Aprilis.

Dates of Warrants.

178°.

August 31. To Geo. Gamier, Esquire, Apothecary General, in full for Medicines for the Army, Anno 1779 -

<y&ober 4. To MefT. Powell and Cooke, for Lodes of Officers of Invalids, by the Hope Tender being taken by a French Privateer -18. To Jna Gore, Esquire, for Necessaries fumiflled by him to the Foot Guards in the Tower of London, from Lady Day to Michaelmas 1780 -

To D®, for Utensils furnished by him to D°, from Michaelmas 1779 to Michaelmas 1780 ——

Nov. 1.To MefT. Bifshopp and C6, for the Amount of Bills drawn 011 them by Lieut. General Haviland, for Carriage of Camp Necessaries to Plymouth ——

29. To Sir RichdPierson, for the contingent Expences of the Camp at Dart-

ford ....

Dec.8. To Mrs. Grizie Graham, in Consideration of Losses sustained by her late Husband Captain John Graham of the 71st Regiment of Foot - -

15. To W" Rice, Esquire, Surveyor of the Guards, for Work done in Repairs, Sic. of the Ilorfe and Foot Guards for One Year to 24th December 1778 ——

21. To Col. Sam.1 Tawnfend, being the Balance of his General Account of Expenditures on the Recruiting Service, Sc. for 12 Months, to 24th June 1780 ——

21. To Lieut. General Haviland, for the Hire and Damage of Ground for the Encampment near Plymouth, in the Year 1779 -

To Lieut, General Monckton, to be paid over to MefT. Carter and Ayling for Damages done their Grounds by the Surrey Militia, when encamped near Por If mouth, in the Year 1779 ——

Dec, it.To Lieut. Dart Paterson, Assistant Quarter Mailer General, to be paid over to sundry Persons for Hire of Ground for the Camps near Salisbury, Adborough, and at Fairlight, 1779, and at Blackhcath 1780, and for Damages done by the same ——

1781.

Jan. 12. To Thomas Harley, Esquire, for Blankets for the Use of the Troops in England ....

15, To LeonardMorfe, Esquire, Secretary to General Lord Amherst, for his

Expences for the Service of the Army, from Christmas 17 79 to Christmas 1780 ——

To Jn* Trotter, Esquire, for providing Hospital Bedding for the Use of the Forces ——

17. To Lieut. General Parker, for the Contingent Expences of the Camp at

Tiptree Heath, during the Campaign 1780 - -

To Lieut. General Hall, for D° of the Army under his Command in the Northern District, from 25'th February 1779 to 28th May 1780 -

24. To And" Clinton, Esquire, for providing and repairing divers Utensils, Sc. for the Use of the Barracks at Plymouth Dock, from 25th December 1779 to 24th December 1780, and for his Salary for providing and taking care of the same for the said Period ——

24. To E. B. De La Fontaine, Esquire, Barrack Matter of the Savoy, fot* providing Utensils for the Use of the Infirmary and Barracks there, for the Year 1780 -

31. To MelT. IIaria] and Lloyd, for Packing, Freight, Carriage, and other Charges in fending Clothing for Ten new Companies of Invalids to their respective Garrisons, in the Year 1779 and 1780 -

£. s. d.

4>°43 — 5

36 13 6

335 5 10

81 18 — 1

109 8 11

95 *4 5

49 — —

t,6i6 8 1

2,260 2 10

476 *3 6

109 10 7

118 3 — -

1,119 i 1 11

526 5 4

1,965 *7 —

93 3 —

£2 18 3

287 3 10

112 18 10

124 13 7

-443>217 l9 81

War Office,

4th April 1781.

C.

Vo L.38.

Ax

374

4° — 5°

A. 1781.

Ax ACCOUNT of the Distribution of Nine hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the Sum of One Million, granted to His Majesty, to defray any extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be incurred, on Account of Military or Ordnance Services, for the Year 1780.

Dates of Warrants.

1780.

Jan. 24. To Thomas Harley and Henry Drummond, Esquires, to be by them inverted in the purchasing Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use arid Service of His Majesty's Forces serving in North America1' -Feb. 22. To Ditto, to be by them inverted in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces serving in Ditto -May 12. To Ditto, to be by them inverted in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces serving in Ditto -26. To Ditto, to be by them inverted in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces serving in Ditto -29. To Ditto, to be by them inverted in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces serving in the West„ Indies ——

June 28. To Ditto, to be by them inverted in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces serving in North America ——

To Ditto, to be by them inverted in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces serving in Ditto -July 20. To Ditto, to be by them inverted in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces serving in Ditto, in Part of a Warrant for £. 50,000 ——

L d.

160,658 16 5 114,850 15 3

20.000 ——

336,414 2 6

16.000 -

M5.M7 r9 8 62^773 4

44,154 10 10 900,000 -

War Office, \

4th April 1781.

C. Jenkinson.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday

and Means. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis., 50 die Aprilit;

Anno 210 Georgii IIIlii Regis, 1781. Prayers.

Cokhefter A N ingrossed Bill for continuing and making more Streets, effectual several Acts of Parliament, parted for cleansing and making navigable the Channel from The

Hythe at Colchester to Wivenhoe, in the County of EJJe.r; and for repairing and cleansing the Streets of the Town of Colchester; and also for lighting the Streets and Lanes, and for preventing Annoyances, in the said Town was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and making more effectual several Acts of Parliament, parted for cleansing and making navigable the Channel from The Ilythe at Colchester to Wivenhoe, in the County of Essex; and for repairing and cleansing the Streets of the Town of Colchester, and also for lighting the Streets and Lanes, and for preventing Annoyances, in the said Town.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom the Bjackfor<| Bili for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, inebfure. or Tracts of Commonable Land, called or known by the Names of Tealham Moor, Blackford Moor, Blackford Ham, and Hare Pit, within the Manor of Blackford, in the Parish of Wedmore, in the County of Somerfel, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Six Auster Tenement Rights, who could not be met with; apd that

the

11 Geo. III. 5a Jprilis.

the whole Number of Auster Tenement Rights is about 55; and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

t Plymouth Lord Charles Spencer, from the Select Committee, who

Election. were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of John Cxdme, Esquire; and also the Petition of the Reverend John Julian, Clerk, John

GeorgeBoughton, Thomas and Thomas Squire,

t Gentlemen, all legal Voters of the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, on Behalf of them- selves and many other Electors of the said Borough;

l severally complaining of an undue Election and Return

I for the said Borough, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Sir Frederick Iceman Rogers, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon: And also. That the said Select Committee have determined.

That George Darby, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said , Borough of Plymouth.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be en-

! tered in the Journals of this House.

\ Chard, Mr. Povlcttpresented to the House, according to See. Order a Bill for more effectually amending, widening, £«acts. and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the hall End of the Town of Chard to the South End of West Moor, and from the Well End of the Yeovil Turnpike Road, through llmijler, to Kenny Gate, and from the West End of Pease Lane to Horton Elm, and from Saint Rane Hill to llmijler, and from White Cross to Chillington Down, and from a Place called Three Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to Bridge in the County of Somerset-, and for repealing an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, relating to the ' said Roads: And the same was received; and read the

| First Time.

j Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Yarmouth Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Writ. to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of Southampton, in the room of Edward Rujhworth, Esquire, who since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty'sThreeChiltern Hundredsof and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Parishes o Bradford,

Kighley, Bingley, Gu , Birjlal, Mi? field, Hartishead cum Clifton, ton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Qrd presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and^Employments; and Vot. 38.

to Indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register, or deliver in, their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Bicknell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for declaring certain Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, to extend to all Acts made, and to be made, for repairing Roads, subsequent to the passing of the said Act; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and

keeping in Repair, the High Roads from the Borough of Tannvorth, to Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of

Leicester, and from Saivley Feny, in the said County, to a Turnpike Gate at or near the End of Sioarclif Lane, leading to and in the Parish of Aftiby-de-la-Zouclt aforesaid; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all British Plantation Tobacco which has been imported into the several Ports of that Part of Great Britain called England, from the British West India Islands which appears, by the Clearances, not to have been of the Growth or Produce of those Islands, nor Prize Tobacco, for the Four last Years ending the 5th January last.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the' Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent the Exportation of Foreign " Parts, of Utensils made use to in the Cotton, Linen, " Woollen, and Silk Manufactures, of this Kingdom,'* might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Duncombe and Sir George Savile do prepare, and' bring in,-the fame.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House,- by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Expence of the new Roads of Communication, and of building the Bridges in the Highlands of Forth Britain, pursuant to the Orders of Lieutenant General Alexander Mackay, commanding His Majesty's Forces in North the Year 1781.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

estimate

General

Turnpike

a a.

Tam worth Roads*

Account of Tobacco.

Cotton

Manufacture.

Highland

Roads and Bridges.

7 6 5° Apritis178/.

ESTIMATE of llie Expence of the hew Roads of Communication, and of building the Bridges, in llie Highlands of North Britain, pursuant to the Orders of Lieutenant General Alexander Mack ay, commanding His Majesty's Forces in North Britain, for the Year 1781.

To a Party to work on the Road from Fort Augustus, towards Berner a and the Hie of Sky; copfifting of One Subaltern Officer at 3Jh. per Diem, Two Serjeants at 1 Jh. each. Two Corporals at 8rf. each, One Drummer and Forty Private Men at 6d. each, for 92 Days -Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, Underground Drains, Lime, and incident Exigences ——

To a Party to work on the Road from Stirling, by Drummond, in Lennox, to Dumbarton; confiding of One Subaltern, Two Serjeants, Two Corporals, One Drummer, and Forty Private

Men, at the aforesaid Rates, for 92 Days each.....- - -

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Sic. ——

To a Party to work on the Road from Fort William, over the Black Mountain, to Stirling, from Tyndrom to Inverary, and from Dalmalie to Brandon; confiding of one Subaltern, Two Serjeants, Two Corporals, One Drummer, and Forty Private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, for 92 Days each ——

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Sic. -

To a Party to work ou the Road from Stirling, by Crees and Toy Bridge, to Dalnacardoch; consisting of Two Serjeants, Two Corporals, and Twenty-four Private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, for 92 Days each ——

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Sic. - -.....-

To a Party to work on the Road from Inverness, by Pitmean and Dalwhinny, to Dalnacardoch; confiding of One Subaltern, Two Serjeants, Two Corporals, One Drummer, and Forty Private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, for 92 Days each ——

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Sic. ——

To a Party to work on the Line of Road from Fort George, through Strathspey, to Cor garff' Barracks, Braemar Ca file, and to Blairgowrie and Cupar in Angus; confiding of one Subaltern, Two Serjeants, Two Corporals, One Drummer, and Forty Private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, for 92 Days each ——

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Sic. - - - - . - -

To a Party to work from Dumbarton, up Lochlomondfide, to Tar bet and Inverary, and through Glenfattach and Glenfruen, to the Junction of the Road with the Black Mount Road; confiding of One Subaltern, Two Serjeants, Two Corporals, One Drummer, and Thirty Private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, for 92 Days each ——

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Sic. -

To a Party to work on the Road from Dunkeld, by Blair in Athole, to Dalnacardoch; confiding of Two Serjeants, Two Corporals, and Twenty-four Private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, for 92 Days each ——

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts Sic.....-

To a Party to work on the Road from Fochaber's, on Speyjide, to Stralhbogie; confiding of Two Serjeants, Two Corporals, and Twenty-four Private Men, at D° Rates, for 92 Days each -Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Sic. ——

To a Party to work on the Ro^d in Glenapt, betwixt Ballantrec and Stranraer; confiding of Two Subalterns, Two Serjeants, Two Corporals, Two Drummers, and Sixty Private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, for 92 Days each - -

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Ac. -.....- -

To the New Road from Port Patrick to the River of Sark, and to the Harbour at Port Patrick -To Ensign Cor hie, William Taylor, Alexander Macleod, and David Robertson, Overseers -

£. s. d. 123 8 8

50 ——

123 8 8

9° ——

123 8 8

80 ——

70 10 8

40 ——

123 8 8

75 ——

123 8 8

75 ——

100 8 8

5° — —

70 10 8

40 ——

70 10 8

40 — . —

185 10 8

130 ----- -‘

1,400 ——

100 ——

BRIDGES.

To build One Arch of 50 Feet in Glenapt ——

To build One Arch of 40 Feet in Ditto - - ....

To build One Arch of 36 Feet in Ditto ——

To build One Arch of 22 Feet in Ditto ——

To build Two Arches to the Bridge of Spey, near Pitmean in Badenoch, one carried away by a Flood in March lad, and one an Addition, the Arches being found not to contain the Water in high Floods ——

To build a Bulwark near Blair in Athole, to support the Road carried away by the late Flood in the Water of Geary ——

To build a Bulwark to support the Bridge over the AVater of Ary, upon the Line of Road to Inverary, along Lochfinc Side ——

To repair several Bridges upon the Line of Road from Inverness to Dalwhinny, and Crees to

Stirling....

To repair Bridges upon the Line of Road from Fort William, by Fort Augustus, to Inverness and from Fort Augustus, over Corriarick to Dalwhinny ——

To repair Bridges upon the Road from Fort William, over the Black Mountain, by Lochernficad

to Stirling - -- --.....-

To repair Bridges upon the Line of Road from Tyndrom, through Glens attach to Inverary, and

by Lvfs to Dumbarton - .....-

Lo repair Bridges upon the Line of Road from Fort George, by Corgarff, Braemar, and Blair

gowric, to Cupar in Angus ....

To repair the Foundation of Dumbarton Bridge -

AVar Office, Total - . /.

4th April 1781,

210 10 — 148 8 —

106 10 —

79 6 —

299 12 —

99 9 6

128 10 — 179 8 —

99 8 4

88 10 G

91 8 —

92 2 G

87 - -

4,994 17 6

C. Jenkinson.

Ordered,

i j Gi;O..IIi.

5" — 6° Ap

371

in portation 01 Portugal Goods.

Ordered, That the said I'llimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was refe rred to consider of allowing, during the present Hostilities, any Goods or Commodities of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture, of any Island, Colony, or Plantation, belonging to or under the Dominion of the Crown of Portugal, and all Sorts of Wool, Barilla, and Jeliiits Bark, to be imported into this Kingdom or Ireland, in Neutral Vessels; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's 'fable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Rijblvcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,1 That during the present Hostilities, any Goods or Commodities of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture, of any Island, Colony, or Plantation, belonging to or under the Dominion of the Crown of Portugal, and all Sorts of Wool, Barilla, and Jesuits Bark, be permuted, to be imported into Grea Britain or Ireland, in Neiiti.d Vends.

laid Resolution being read a Second Time; was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the IIoulc.

Ordered, That a Bill he brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Ord and Sir do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Account of Ord-red, That there be laid before this House, an

Dispositi.m Account, ilievving bow the Monies given for the Ser-of Grants, vice of the Year 17 do have been disposed of; distinguished under their level al Heads.

Mr. Wilke!*. The House was moved. That the Entry in the Jour-

nal of the House, of the 17th Day of February 17G9; of the Proceedings of the Ilonfe upon the Return of a Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Middlesex, in the Room of John IVtikes-, Esq uiro, expelled this House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being piit. That the Resolution of this House, of the 17th of February 1769, " That John Wilkes, Esquire, having " been in this Session of Parliament, expelled this " House, was and is incapable of being elected a Mpmber to serve in this present Parliament," be expunged from the Journals of this House, as being.subversive of the Rights of the whole Body of Electors of this Kingdom;

Tiie House divided.;

The Yeas went forth.

~ f Mr. Byng,: -

Tellers for the Yeas, Mr. Alderman Aczvn- 61.

Veneris, 6° die Aprilis;

Anno 21* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1781,

Er AYERS.

SIR Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for further regulating and afeer- Exportation taining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and of Grain, within severalPortsand Places therein mentioned. Corn, &c. was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. W

A Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to Offices qualify thomselves for Offices and Employments; and _ .3n‘f, to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who °y have omitted to register, or deliver in, their Qualifida- ' tions within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify . Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or miftaid, and for allowing them Time' to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give farther Time, to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of tire Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to si Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the wholb House* upon the said Bill.-.

i ham Tellers for the Noes, j So it pafl'ed in the Negative.

s

rib.

Supply Bill; Duties on Paper.

The other Order, of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; upon the Bill for repealing the present Duties upon Paper, Pafi eboartl s, Miilboards, and Scaleboards.made in GrealBrilain, and for granting other Duties. in lieu

thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning* Ten of the Clock.

Vo 1* 38*.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Order* a Bill to- permit, during the present Hbftilities, certain Goods therein enumerated, to be imported-into Great Britain or Ireland, in Neutral: Ships: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a: Secbnd Time.

fJrdcred, That Leave be given to brfngin a Bill for the more effectually securing to the Royal Hospital fob Seamen, at Gieemvich, all forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prize and Bounty Money; and to compel the shore speedy Payment thereof: And that Mr. Peregrine Ctijl, Sir GreyCooper', Mr; Attorney General, Sir Hugh Palliser, Mr. Solicitor General, and . Mr. Stephens, do' prepare* and bring in the fame.

' , - ‘i

. - . '

Sip Robert Lawley prefehtedvto the House, according1'

to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Coim mous o r. Waft e Lainds.;in the Towidhipsbf San/'aw, and Clive, in the Parishes oirGxivJhill dnd Sahti Mdryi in the County of Salop: And the ftme wasres ceiyed; and bead the Eirft Timb; ... 1

Resolved, That the . Bill be bead a Second Time.- '

Sir Edward Ajlley reported from the Comnfittee; to whom the Bill for dividing and inclbiing the Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Valle Lands, withirt the Parish of Winfarthing, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House* of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and, that the Committee had

j D .: . examined

Importation

of

Portugal

Goods.

Crteritvfth

Hospital;

Gnnthifl,

&c.

Iadofnre;

Winfarthlnjj

Inclosure.

Kington

inclosure.

Stourbridge

Road.

Winstone

Inclosure.

Stretford *s Bridge Rqads.

378

6° Apri

A. 1781.

examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; ancfcupon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreeu to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Thomas Bates Rous presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Land, within the Manor and Parish of Kington, in the County of Worcester: And the same jas received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Westcotc presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Market House in Stourbridge to Colly Gate in Cradley, and from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and from Colly Gate to Ifalefowen, and from the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood to Rednal Green, in the Parish of King's Norton, and from Carter's Lane to the Bell Inn at North field, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, as relates to the Road from Dudley Wood to Rednal Green % and from Carter's Lane to the Bell Inn at Northfield: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Codrington presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Winstone, in the County of Ghou-cester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Terra of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled* <c An Act " for amending and widening the Roads leading from " Stretford's Bridge in the County of Hereford, to The " New Inn in the Parish of Whiftantozv, in the County " of Salop; and also the Road from Blue Mantle Hall,

" near Mortimer's Cross, to Aymstrey, in the said County <c of Hereford; and for repealing so much of an Act,

" made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of " His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from " Mortimer's Cross, to Aymstrey Bridge," was read the Third Time.

; Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,„An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act €t for amending and widening the Roads leading from " Stretford's Bridge in the County of Hereford, to The " Nezo Inn in the Parish of IVinftantoza, in the County " of Salop; and also the Road from Blue Mantle Hall, " near Mortimer's Cross, to Aymstrey, in the said County " of Hereford; and for repealing so much of an Act, " made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of " His present Majesty; as relates to the Road from " Mortimer's Cross to Aymstrey Bridge."

Ordered, That Mr. Johnes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

J5

Greeohiil

Moor,

&c.

Roadi.

A Bill for repairing, widening, and altering, the Road from the present Turnpike Road upon Greenhill Moor, near Norton, in the County of Derby, to Hather-sage, in the same County, through the several Parishes of Norton, Dronfield, and HatherJ'age, in the said County of Derby; and also the Road from Stoney Middleton, to Tolley, through the several Parishes of Bakezvell, Hope, Hatiierfage, and Dronfield, all in the said County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Avguftus Henry Cavendish, Mr. Hopkins, &c. An I they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjourn*« House this Day, adjourn till Mfomday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Management and Collection of the Duties upon Male Servants, granted by an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And that the Lord North, the Lord Westcotc, the Lord Palmerston, Sir Richard Sutton, Mr. Butler, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. John Robinson, and Mr. Ord, do prepare, aftd bring in, the fame. *

Dutiet

upon

Servants'.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted tQ his Majesty;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, w An Act for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches " and Chairs; and for charging certain new Duties " upon Stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and on Cards and Dice, and on the Exportation of Rock " Salt for Ireland; and for securing the reby, and by a " Weekly Payment out of the Port Office, and by several Duties on Hides and Skins, a yearly Fund of One hundred Eighty-six thousand Six hundred and " Seventy Pounds, for Thirty-two Years, to be applied to the Satisfaction of such Orders as are therein " mentioned, to the Contributors of any Sum not exceeding Two Millions, to be raised for carrying on " the War, and other Her Majesty's Occasions," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, cc An Act for grant-<f ing to His Majesty several Rates and Duties upon <c Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds; and iC upon News-Papers, Advertisements, and Almanacks, and upon Licences for retailing Wine; and upon c< Coals exported to Foreign Parts; and for applying,

<c from a certain Time, the Sums of Money arising " from the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors; and for raising the Sum " of Three Millions by *\nnuities, to be charged on " the said Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money; and for " making perpetual an Act, made in the Second Year " of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for the better Regulation of Attornies and u Solicitors; and for enlarging the Time for filing " Affidavits of the Execution of Contrafts of Clerks " to Attornies and Solicitors, and also the Time for " Payment of the Duties omitted to be paid for the " Indentures and Contrafts of Clerks and Apprentices," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Con>-mittee, That they do consider of so much of the faii Acts as relate to the Duties ou Almanacks.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com-r mittee.

Mr.

Wayi and Meaafc

r

Supply.

Blackford

inclosure.

Gloucester

Gaol,

&c.

Supply Bill; Duties on Paper.

21 Geo. III. 6° — 90

" 379

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

- Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please vto receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again!

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole "House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma-

My;

And a Motion being made, That it be an Instruction to tire said Committee, That they do consider of an Allowance to be made to the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, in Lieu of a Sum formerly paid to them

by the Stationers Company for the Privilege of printing Almanacks;

The Lord North, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty recommends to the House the Consideration of an Allowance to be made to the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, in Lieu of a Sum formerly paid to them by the Stationers Company for the Privilege of printing Almanacks.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of an Allowance to be made to the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, in Lieu of a Sum formerly paid to them by the Stationers Company for the Privilege of printing Almanacks.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Joshua Clerk of the

Stationers Company, do attend the said Committee, upon Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Commonable Land, called or known by the Names of Tealham Moor, Blackford Moor, Blackford Ham, and Hare Pit, within the Manor of Blackford, in the Parish of in

the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Trails of Commonable Land, called or known by the Names of Tealham Moor, Blackford Moor, Blackford Ham, and Hare Pit, within the Manor of Blackford, in the Parish of Wedmore, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle'do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for erecting a new Gaol and House of Correction, and for removing certain Gateways, in the City of cester; and for amending the several Acts passed for the Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the said City, and lighting, paving, and regulating the Streets there, is committed, have Leave to fit Tomorrow Morning, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the present Duties upon Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards,

Vol. 38.

made in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 90 die;

Anno 21* Georgii III*" Regis 1781.

Prayers.

MR. Peregrine Cust presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectually fe-. curing to the Royal Hospital for Seamen, at,

all forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prize and Bounty Money, and to compel the more speedy Payment thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the East End of the Town of Chard to the South End of West Moor, and from the West End of the Yeovil Turnpike Road, through llmifter to Kenny Gate, and from the West End of Pease Marsh Pane to Horton Elm, and from Saint Mane Hill to llmifter, ^nd from White Cross to Chillington Dozen, and from a Place called Three Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to BridgeCrofs, in the County of Somerset; and for repealing an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pou-lett, Mr. Parker, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Siryfararr Tylney Long presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, regulating, cleansing, lighting, watching, and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Lanes, and Plaffages, within the Borough of Devizes, in the County of Wilts, and for preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for further regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, within several Ports and Places therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 20. 1. 33. After " assembled" to insert " and they are hereby required "

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, within several Ports and Places therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defife their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Beachcroft and Mr. Drummond, Two of the Commissioners for examining, taking, and Hating, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Fourth Report of the Gomtnirtioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

And the said Report was also read.

The said Report is as followeth; viz.

To

Greenwich

Hospital.

Chard,

See.

Roads.

Devizes

Street*.

Importation and Exportation of Corn, &c.

Fourth

Report of

Conr.missionerr of Public Accounts.

A. I ySl*

Fourth To the honourable the Knights, pitizefls.Hnd BmigelTes, Report of jn Parliament aftbmbled.

Comm lifio tiers of Public Accounts.

in Parliament aftbmbled.

The Fourth Report of the Commissioner?, appointed to examine, take, and Hate, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

Proceeding in our Inquiries into Balances in the Appendix Hands of those Accountants who appear upon the |^o j Certificate of Accounts depending in the Office of the Auditor of the imprest, we find therein, next to the Treasurers of the Navy, the Names of several Perilous whole Accounts have not been prosecuted for tip-wards of Seventy Years. We could have no Expectation of profiting by a Pursuit of Claims arising at so remote a Period; and therefore, paffiugon to the next Class, namely, the Paymasters of the Forces, wfe fee Handing first in that Class the Name of Henry Earl of Lincoln; whose final Account of the Forces for Six Months, to the 24th of June 1720, is therein defaulted " to have been delivered into Auditor s Office,

" but, being very imperfect, to have been long since " withdrawn, and not returned." We ifl'ued our Precept to his Grace the Duke of Neiccastle, for an Account of the Public Money in his Hands, Custody, or Power, as Representative of Henry Earl of , late

Paymaster General of the Forces. The Duke of castle, in a Letter dated the 24th of lad, in-

formed us, that " he never had in his Hands, Custod\-, or Power, any of the Public Money which " was possessed by his late Father as Paymaster of " the Forces, nor any of his Accounts or Vouchers " relative thereto; nor could he inform us what Balance, if any, was due from him on that Account; " that his late Father died inteilute, leaving him, and " several other Children, then Infants, and that " Countess of Lincoln, his Widow, administered to " him, and possessed what Effects he left, which the applied towards Dischacge of his DebtsAnd in a subsequent Letter, dated the 23d of November Lift, the Duke informed us, that he took out Adminifixation

bonis non to his late Father, in 1748. In confe-

quence of tliefc Letters from the Duke of we proceeded 110 further in this Enquiry.

Having ifl'ued our Precepts to John Poxcell, Esquire, the only, acting Executor of Henry Lord Holland; to Lady Greenwich, Administratrix to the Right honourable Charles Townshend, late Paymasters of the Forces; to Lord North, and to the Right honourable

Toxvnfhmd, late Paymasters of the Forces, each jointly with George Cooke, Esquire, deceased, for an Account of the Public Money in their respective Hands, Cuf-2. tody, or Power; we received Returns thereto, which we have set forth in the Appendix, with their several Dates and Sums; the Total of which amounts to Three hundred Seventy-seven Thousand Seven hundred Eighty-eight Pounds Five Shillings and Seven Pence.

Having thus obtained a Knowledge of the Balances, our next Step was to examine whether they were liable to any such Services, or subject to any such Payments, in the Hands of these Accountants, as rendered it ne-cellary to permit them, or auy Part of them, to remain longer in their Pollession. For this Purpose we examined John Poioell, Esquire, the Cashier, and Charles 3* Bernbridge, Esquire, the Accountant to the Payinalter General of the Forces; by whom we are informed, that the Money in the Hands of the Paymasters General of the Forces, after they are out of Office, continues, as long as their Accounts are kept open, liable to the Payment of any Claims of the Stall'or I lospital Officers, or of any Warrants for Contingencies and Extraordinaries, which were voted during the Time they were respectively in Office, and have not been claimed: After the final Accounts are cfofi-d, such. Claimants mult apply for Payment, either to the Treasury or the War Office, according to the Nature of the Claim. These Sums remaining in their Hands are

*7

lT.

00

00

rr N°

CO

N*

N*

likewise subject to the Payment of Fees of divers Natures, and of Fees for 'passing their Accounts awl obtaining their Quietus, together with the Payment of a Gratuity to the Officers and Clerks of the Pay Office; who, at the same Time that they trnnl'ad the Business of the Paymaster in Office, carry on allb, make up, and finally elofe, the Accounts of the Paymasters after they are out: of Office; but, having 110 Salary or Reward whatever for this extra Business, it has been customary for them, when the final Account is ready to be passed, to present a Memorial to the Lords of the Treasury, praying them to procure the King's Warrant to the Auditors of the Imprest, to allow them a certain Sum for their Trouble, payable out of the Balance remaining in the Hands of that Psiymaster.

The Sums how in the Hands of these late Pays masters of the Forces, or of the Reprd'entatives of those who are dead, are (till liable to Claims that may be made upon them under various Heads of Services, and subject likewil'e to the Payment of sundry Fees, and of the Customary Gratuities; but neither these Claims, Fees, or Gratuities, do, in our Opinion, fur-niflt any Objection to the Payment of thele Balances into the Exchequer.

Lord Holland resigned this Office in 170.",; Mr, Charles Townshend, in 176b; Lord and Mr.

Cooke, in 1767; Mr. C-v he and Mr. Thomas Toinjkeu'd, in 1 7(18; Iince which, sufficient Time has elapled for all the Claimants upon tliel'e Paymasters to have made their Applications for Payment. The Public are not to be kept out of Post'ession of large Sums of their own Money, nor Public Accounts to be kept open, because Persons may have for lb long a Time n eg lee red their own Business: Not that these Claimants are without Remedy after these Accounts are closed; by applying either to the Treasury, or to -the War Office, as 'the same may require, their Demands may be inquired into end satisfied by proper Warrants upon the Paymaster in Office.

The Fees and Gratuities become payable when the final Accounts are ready to be passed in the Office of the Auditor of the Imprest; how longit. will.be before the final Accounts of these late Paymasters will he hi that Situation, it is not eafv to afeertahi. Lloyd, N* 5.

Esquire, Deputy Auditor of the Imprest to Lord,

informed us, that the final Account of Lord was delivered into that Office in January 1772; the final Account of Mr; Charles ToxvuJhend,\\\ 1777; the final Account, of Lord North and Mr. Cooke, iu October 177c). — John llray, Esquire, Deputy Auditor to U'itlianiAijlabie, Esquire, informed us, that the final N° 6. and only Account of Mr. Cooke and Mr. Thomas Town hendwas delivered into that Office in -1779.

From an Objection herein after mentioned, made by the acting Executor of Lord Holland, to the final doling of that Account, and from the Representntion given to us by these Officers, of the Situation in which the other Accounts now arc in the Imprest Office,.none of them appear to be in so advanced, and perfect'a State as to give us Realbii to expect their speedy Completion; and therefore we do not think the Payment of these Balances into the Exchequer ought to be delayed until the Accounts are settled, especially as we fee no Reason why the Paymaster in Office may not be authorized to pay, out of the Public Money in his Hands, all the Fees and Gratuities, whenever they become pav'ablo.

Seeing the refore, no Objection to strife from the Services or Purposes to which these Balances a!v (till applicable, to the Payment of thorn into the I'xelid-quer, we adverted to such Heatons as might he fug-gefted to us by the Accountants tii ':nlc!v« s, or I y those who have sm Inlercft or Trilft in the Fund; out of which tltel'e Balances tuuft he paid, d o this End we examined the honourable Chwles James- X' 7- Esquire, and John Powell,. Esquire, Executors of »lie N* ft-

late

j

£-73>i49- io- 7. 786,357- 9 £-73^49-0. 7 ^-28,185. 9. 5f £.12,052. 13. 10$ 73,149. 10. J. £.256,456.

ii Ge6» 111

N° 8. late Lord Holland; Lady GreetPwich, Administratrix to N* g, 1 o. Mr. Charles Townjhendj Lord Mr; Thomas Towns-

aN*ii, ii. bendy Colonel George John Cooke, and Mr Charles

Molloy, Devisees of the Estates of Mr. George Cooke j late Paymasters General of the Forces.

Mr. Fox and Mr. Powell object to the Payment into the Exchequer of so much of the Sum of Two hundred Fifty-six thousand Four hundred Fifty-six Pounds Eight Shillings and Two Pence (being the Balance in the Hands of Mr. Powell, as Executor of the iate Lord Holland) as may be affected by the Decision of certain Suits depending in the Court of Chancery: the Sum that may be so affected, according to Mn Powell's Account, amounts to Seventy-three thousand One hundred Forty-nine Pounds Ten Shillings and Seven Pence.

The State of the Proceedings in these Suits is set forth in Mr. Powell's Information to be as follows: — The Accounts of Mr. Robert Paris Taylor, one of the Deputy Paymasters to Lord Holland, in Germany, during the late War, were examined in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest, where he is surcharged with the Sum of Twelve thousand Fifty-two Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Ten Pence Half Penny, which Surcharge he controverts. In the Beginning of lad Year, the Executors of Lord Holland commenced Two Actions in the Court of King's Bench against Mr. Taylor, and the Executors and Devisees of Peter Taylor, his Father, who was his Surety, to recover the Sum of Twenty-eight thousand One hundred Eighty-five Pounds Nine Shillings and Five Pence Three Farthings, being the Balance supposed to be due from him upon these Accounts, in which Sum the Surcharge is included. As the Question in these Causes appears to be, whether Mr. Taylor was indebted to the Executors of Lord Holland in this Sum, or any Part of it, the Balance of Public Money in Mr. Powell's Hands might be increased, but could not be diminifiied, by the Event of these Actions; and therefore Mr. Powell does not infill upon retaining any Part of this Balance to secure him against such Event; but Mr. Taylor, and the Devisees of Peter Taylor, soon after filed Two Bills in the Court of Chancery against the Executors of Lord Holland, suggesting Errors, and praying that these Accounts may be taken in that Court. These Causes have not yet come to a Hearing; but the Ground of Mr. PowelVs Claim to the Detention of this Sum of Seventy-three thousand One hundred Forty-nine PoundsTenShil-lingsand Seven Pence, as collected from his Information, and the Letter of his Solicitor, appears to be this: That should an Account be decreed, every Item in Mr. Taylors Accounts will be open to Litigation; and Mr. Taylor having charged himself before the Auditors of the Imprest, with the Sum of Seven hundred Eighty-six thousand Three hundred Fifty-fev^n Guilders Nine Stivers, which is Seventy-three thousand One hundred Forty-nine Pounds Ten Shillings and Seven Pence Sterling, as a Profit to the Public arising on Money Tran-factions in his Department, as Deputy Paymaster, may fnggeft, in the Progress of these Causes, that he has er-roneously charged himself with this Sum; and therefore Mr. Powell claims to retain it in his Hands, to guard against the Consequences of a possible Decision upon this Sum in Mr. Taylor's Favour.

Subjects under Litigation in a Court of Justice should not be examined elsewhere without an absoluteNeceffity, and not even then but with great Caution. This Point coming thus incidentally before us, in the Progressofan Inquiry within our Province, we may, without Impropriety, venture to say, that, in our Opinion, the bare Possibility that Mr. Taylor may, in the Court of Chancery, object to, and be discharged of, a Sum he has charged himself with before the Auditors of the Imprest, and which he was bound by his Instructions to charge himself with, as a Profit to the Public, and to which, for aught that appears to us, he has never yet objected, but has, on the contrary, in Part applied to the Use of the Yol. 38.

Public, is nota sufficient Reason for permitting the Sum £ 73>*+9- IO- 7-of Seventy-three thousand One hundred Forty*nine Fourth Potlnds Ten Shillings and Seven Pence to continue in r*tpo!£ of the Hands of the Executors of Lord Holland, Until Two of "public*

Suits in Chancery, not yet heard, praying an Accbtint Account*, may be taken of* the Receipt of Nine Hundred Thirteen /. 913,405.. 6. a| thousand Four hundred and Five Pounds Six Shillings and Two Pence Three Farthings, and of the Expend i- N° 13. ture of Eight hundred Seventy-eight thousand and/. 878,008. 18. if Eight Pounds Eighteen Shillings and a Penny Farthing* during upwards of Four Years of the late War in Germany, shall be finally determined in that Coqrt.

Lady Greenwich, Lord North, Mr.

Colonel Cooke, and Mr. Molloy, do not object to the Payment into the Exchequer of their Balances; nor do Mr.

Fox and Mr. Powell, os to the Residue of Lord Hollands Balance, upon severally receiving their Quietus, or a Security equivalent thereto.

Where Accounts must be passed by the Auditors of the Imprest, the Payments into the Exchequer, made by the Accountants, before the final Adjustment, are Payments upon Account only; but should these Accountants be directed to pay in their full Balances, they will be entitled to, and ought in Justice to receive, a Security and Indemnification against all Claims and Payments whatever, to which the Balances were in their Hands subject; the Fund possessed by the Paymaster in Office being substituted in the Place of these Balances, to answer such future Claims and Demands, the Accountant himself will Hand liable only to the Errorsand Oraiffions that may be discovered in the Examination of his Accounts, in the Office appointed for auditing the m:

Should there be Errors, he may either pay the Balance to, or receive it from, the Paymaster in Office, according as it may be determined; then, and not before, he will be entitled to his Quietus; which being the formal official Discharge of every public Accountant, cannot but be subsequent to the complete *Examination, and the Payment of the Balance, if any, according to the final Adjustment of his Accounts.

Having the refore not heard, either from the Accountants themselves, or from those who may be interested in our Decisions, any Reasons to alter ourOpinion, we conceive that the Balance of Public Money now remaining in the Hands of John Powell, Esquire, as the only acting Executor of Lord Holland, and in the Hands of Lady Greenwich, as Administratrix to Mr. Charles late Paymasters of the Forces; and in the Hands of Lord North, and of Mr. Thomas Townshend, as late Paymasters of the Forces, each jointly with Mr.

George Cooke, deceased, ought to be paid into the Exchequer, to be applied to the Public Service; and that such Payments should be without Prejudice, and a proper Security and Indemnification be given to each of them against any Loss or Detriment that may accrue to them in Consequence of such Payment.

During the Course of this Enquiry, Two Circumstances engaged our Observation.

First, The Injury sustained by the Public from not having the Use of the Money remaining in the Hands of the Paymasters of the Forces after they have quitted the Office. We procured from the Pay Office, Accounts of N° 14. 15. the Balances and Sums received and paid every Year, by l»

each of these Paymasters, since they severally went out *

of Office. A Computation of Interest, at Four per jg Cent.per Annum, upon these Balances every Year, from Six Months after they severally resigned the Office, proves that the Loss by the Money left in the Hands of Lord Holland amounts, at Simple Interest, to Two hun-/. dred Forty-eight thousand Three hundred Ninety-four Pounds Thirteen Shillings; of Mr. Charles Townshend, to Twenty-four thousand Two hundred Forty-feveu/. 24 *47. 3 Pounds Three Shillings; of Lord North and Mr. Cooke, to Eighteen thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-/. 18,775. 3. five Pounds Three Shillings; of Mr. Cooke and Mr.

Thomas Townshend, to Three thousand Four hundred/. 3:419. ij.

5 E wild

£*94*3.«-'

F vth Report of

Con iwfliwi*»fi

ot Public Account u

K* 19.

9* Apri

A11781;

;.aitd Nineteen Pounds Fifteen SliiTRttgs'; Total1, Two hundred Minetv-four thousand Eight hundred Thirty-six Pounds Fourteen Shillings.

Such has been the Loss ih {famed the Phttie. Much d<»es it behove them to guard against the Pofftbi-lity of the like Evil for the fiiture. If there exists in Government no Power to compel an Accountant; to dif-dose his Balance* and to deliver back to the Public vliat their Service does not require he shoukldetain, it is Time such a Power wascreated. If it does ex id, the Public Good requires it should be constantly exerted, within a teasonable limited Time after an Accountant' has quitted his Office.

Secondly, The other Circumstance that cfahned our At lent ion is, the Delay in passing the Accounts of the paymasters n£ the Forces.

The making np and paffittg these' Accounts, is the Concern of Three different Parties; the Paymaster whole Accounts they are; the Pay Office where they are made. up, and the Auditor's Office, where they are passed. The fil'd, Step most be taken by the Pay Office; (here the Amounts mud be made up, and from thence sent with thd! Vouchers to the Auditors Office, bef.>re they can be examined. Near Forty-six Millions were issued to Lord Hollandr; his final Account was not delivered into the Auditors Office until Seven Years after his Resignattnn. Above Two Millions were issued to Mr. Charl'es Towujhend-, his final Account was not defivered untill Fje<'ciU Years after his Rdrguatiofr. Near Two Millions were issued1 to Lord North and Mr. Cooke; their final Account was not delivered until Twelve Years after their Rcsignation. Five hundred and Seventy thousand Pounds were issued to Mr. Cooke arid Mr. Thomas Townjkend; their only Account was

not delivered until Eleven Yeats after , their Hedge at ion.

in the Office of the Auditors of tire Imprest, the Culfoni of not paffittg the Accounts of a Suoceilbr until the Predec#ffors are cotnpteted. is a Cause of Dolby. A

Dispute with tv Deputy stops "Lord, Holland's Accounts1; but that can be no Reason for delaying one Moment the1 Accounts of his Successors; they depend not upon, nor are connected with, each other. It is regular to examine and pass Accounts in order of Time; but in the same erf' the Paymaster's Accounts, Convenience, both public and private, will warrant a Deviation from this Rule. Every Accountant has a material Intereli that his Accounts should be passed with Dispatch; the Quiet of himself, his Family, and Fortune. It is not unreaifon-> able to presume, that talcing from an Accountant his Balance, may be a Means of expediting the passing of his Accounts; whiMt he holds a large Suminhis Hands, he may be1 less anxious to come to a final Adjnftment, less eager to procure a Quietus, the Condition of which is the deprivin g himself of that Balance

We are proceeding to examine the Sum in the Hands of the Pay tnafter General of the Forces in Office; but finding, from the Variety and Extent of his Trastf-actions, it will require a considerable Time before we can obtain the Knowledge necessary for forming a Report, we judged it most confonsmt to the Spirit and intention of the Act that regulates our Conduct, to fiibmit with all the Dispatch in our Power, to the Wisdom of the Legislattire, the Consideration of a Sum of Public Money of such Magnitude as that now remaining in the Possession of the Paymasters General of the Foeees out of Office.

Guy (l. s.l

Office of Accounts, T. Anguish, (t. s )

Bell-Yard, (l s.)

gth April1, 1781. Bid? Weave, . (l. 8.)

(l. s;)

.; (t. s.)

2i Geo. III. 90

A P P E N D I X. N* i.

Fourth Report of Commissioners of Public Accounts.

Victuallers' of the > <~r and Partners

Navy. }

Treasurer of theSick,) Executors of Thomas Salary, and Wounded.,) Esquire.

Francis Lynn Esquire

Transport Service. John Nutting, Esquire

Charles Mason, Esquire -

Land Force*. Executors of Mead, Ef-

quire, late Deputy Paymaster of the Forces

Henry Earl of Lincoln

Henry Lord Holland, latePay-master General

The Bight honourable Charles Townshend, late Paymaster General' .

The Right honourable. Lord d North and Geo Ef-

quire, late Paymaster General - -

The Right honourable George Cooke and Thomas hend, Esquire, late Paymaster General - -

The Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General -

CA State of their Inter eft and Vi&uaHing Accounts, for < the Year 1673, was laid before Lord Treasurer Go-f dolphin, but is not prosecuted.

(His final Account, from ill July 171* to the 5th of . \ March following, remains uuprosecuted.

f His Account, from 5th March 1712, to the Time that c Office was incorporated with the Navy, has been examined; but the Account is not prosecuted.

(Has delivered an Account, from 29th March 1704 to i 24th June 1705* which is not prosecuted.

' He is accountable to nth January following.

SHis final Account, to 19th April 1703, is declared, with a Balance due from the Accountant of I.3,170.12.3.

( Are to render an Account of the Profits arising by the T Recoinage of the Public Money delivered by him j into the Mint of his Imperial Majesty as- King of

C Spain.

{His fiual Account of the Forces for'Six Months, to J 24th June x 720, Was deliveredinto Auditor^ i/labie's j Office; but being very imperfect, has been long since withdrawn, and1 not returned*.

(His Accounts, to 24th December 1764, are declared. (His final Account for Haifa Year, from thence to 24th June 1765, is preparing for Declaration.

'His first Account, from 25th June 1765 to 24th De-

cember following, is under Examination; his final

j Account, from thence to 24th June ij66, is also

under Examination.

{Their Account, from 25th June 1766 to 24th -

j ber following, is delivered.

j Their final Account, from 24th December 1766 to the

24th December 1767, is also delivered.

J Their Account, from 25 th December 1767 to 2 4th June j 1768, is delivered.

(His Accounts, from 25 th J 1768 to 24th December ( 1769, are delivered.

N*2.

An ACCOUNT of the Balances in the Hands of the late Paymasters General of the Forces, from the Returns made by them to the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom*

Paymasters. ' Date of the Balance. Sum.

Executors of Henry Lord -» - 2 7th September 1780 256*456 2 4

Administratrix of Charles Townshend, Esquire - - 29th September 1789 44,422 4 8

Lord North and George Cooke, Esquire 10th October 1780 63,738 3 10

George Cooke, and The? Townshend, Esquires - 30th August 1780 - *4 9

c CO w 00 00:

Vol. 38. N*3.

A. 1781,

Fourth Report of Commissiontcn of Public Accounts.

n-s.

The Examination of John Powell, Esquire, Cashier to the Paymaster General of the Forces; taken upon Oath, the 20th and 26th of gth,

nth, 15th, 19th, and 28th 1781.

This Examinant faith. That he is the only acting Executor of Henry Lord Holland, late. Paymaster General of the Forces: That the Sum of Two hundred Fifty-six thousand Four hundred Fifty-six Pounds Twd Shillings and Four Pence, mentioned in his Return to the Precept of this Board, upon the 2 7th of September last, was, to the heft of his Knowledge, the whole Balance then remaining upon the Account of the said Henry Lord Holland, as Paymaster General of the Forces.

When a Paymaster goes out of Office his Accounts of the Year's Establishment are generally carried on, either to the 24th of June, or to the 24th of December, preceding or subsequent to his Resignation or Death, as most convenient for the Public Service. If his Accounts end the 24th of June, he receives his Proportion of that Year's Supply if they end on the 24th of December, he receives the whole Year's Supply, out of the Exchequer as it is wanted in Order of Time. In Lord Hollands Time it was the Usage of the Office to afic of the Treasury, generally every Four Months, a Third Part of the whole Year's ordinary Supply; but since the Year 1759 the Practice has been not to apply for Money for any Service, until near the usual Time for Payment of that Service, at which Time the Paymaster, though out of Office, upon Application to the Treasury, receives it by their Direction from the Exchequer, and applies it to satisfy the Demands of those who have Claims upon that Service.

Lord Hollands Accounts ended on the 24th of June 1765, and his final Account was delivered into the Office of the Auditor of the Imprest on the 11th of January 1772. The Balance for which he is accountable to the Public, as Executor to the late Lord Holland, is at this Time subject to the following Services:

To Claims of the Staff and Hospital Officers and to Warrants for Contingencies and Extraordinaries voted by Parliament during the Time Lord Holland was in Office, and not yet claimed, if there be any such Claims or Warrants existing. If Lord Hollands Accounts were closed, he is inclined to think these Claimants must apply either to the Treasury or to the Secretary at War, to renew their Warrants for Payment. As all the Fees for passing the Accounts, and for the Quietus, are, as he believes, provided for, the only remaining Payment to which the present Balance is subject, is, the usual Gratuity to the Officers and Clerks of the Paymaster General for making up the Accounts of the Paymasters out of Office: The Officers and Clerks of the Paymasters in Office carry on and make up the Accounts of the Paymaster out of Office; for which extra Business they have no Salary or Reward, until the final Account is ready to be passed; at which Time they present a Memorial to the Treasury, praying them to obtain the King's Warrant to the Auditors of the Imprest, to allow them a certain Sum for this Business; which Sum, pursuant to this Warrant, is paid to them out of the Balance.

The Sums received by a Paymaster, after be is out of Office, are either Sums iflfced to him out of the Exchequer, which were due for the ordinary Service of the Army at the Time he went out of Office, and for which he had at that Time Credit at the Exchequer; or Sums received by him from the Paymaster iu Office, by virtue of Treasury Warrants, for Extraordinary Services advanced by him during the Time of his being in Office; or from the Treasury in Ireland, for the Pay of the Irish Regiments serving out of that Kingdom according to the Irish Establishment. Lord Holland has received, as

he believes all the Public Money due to him out of the Exchequer, and from the succeeding Paymasters, and from Ireland,

After a Paymaster has resigned his Office, he has continued to receive Money out of the Exchequer for the following Services:

The Pay of the General and Staff Officers at Home and Abroad; the Pay of the Officers of the Hospital at Home and Abroad; the Pay of the Staff of the Garrisons at Home and Abroad; for Contingencies of the Army at Home and Abroad; for House Pensioners, Servants, and Artificers of C Hospital; for Half Pay Officers, Widows Allowances, Offrreckonings, and the Clearings.

He farther faith, He was Accountant to the Paymaster General from June 176510 March 17 76, when he was appointed Cashier: That during the Time he was Accountant, and, as he believes, from the Year 1759, and since he was appointed Cashier, the Mode of Rating the Army Accounts, and of asking for Moneys was and has been as follows

The Sums voted to pay the General and Staff Officers, and the Officers of the Hospital, are generally asked of the Treasury at the customary Periods of Payment; these Sums, after they are directed by the Treasury, and received, remain in the Hands of the Paymaster until a Certificate comes to him from the Secretary at War, specifying the Names and Stations of the several Officers actually employed: Upon a Debenture, being made out pursuant to that Certificate, and a King's Warrant obtained, agreable to that Debenture, the Sums due to the several Officers are paid to them, or to their Agents, upon their Application.

The Sums to pay the Staff of the Garrisons atHome and Abroad, arealked in like Manner as the Sums to pay the General and Staff Officers; and when received, are paid, fometo the Governors of the Garrisons, or to their Agents; others, to the Officers themfe!ves, or their Agents.

He does not recoiled that the Sums for Contingencies are atked from the Treasury; they are paid, when applied for, pursuant to the Warrants of the Secretary at War, out of any Money in the Hands of the Paymaster; Warrants for this Service are almost every Day presented to the Pay Office for Payment.

The Sums to pay the House Pensioners, Servants, and Artificers of Chelsea Hospital, are asked every Six Months, when Twelve Months are due, and paid into the Hands of the Deputy Treasurer; who is appointed by the Paymaster, and accountable to him.

The Sums to pay Half Pay Officers are aflced every Six Months, when due, and paid to the several Officers entitled, or their Agents, on their Application.

The Sums to pay the Pensions to Officers Widows are not, as far as he can recoiled, afited of the Treasury; they are paid by the Paymaster General, out of any Money in his Hands, to the Paymaster of the Pensions (who is appointed by Patent) upon his Application, and paid by him to the Claimants every Four Months.

When Fifteen or Sixteen Months of the Off-reckon-ings are due, it is usual for the Paymaster to ask of the Treasury for Six Months; and when received Notice is given, and the Money is paid soon after to the Persons to whom the Colonels have assigned them.

As to the Clearings, a Debenture Warrant is sent to the Paymaster by the Secretary at War, signifying the King's Directions to him to make up the Accounts of Certain'Regiments; in consequence of which the Paymaster dates the Accounts of those Regiments, and cei^ tifies to the King the Amount of the full Pay of such Regiments, according to the Establishment (provided no Respite is directed) for the Time specified in the Warrant, upon which Certificate the King's Warrants are obtained for the full Pay of the Regiments, if there is no Respite; and the Paymaster applies to the Treasury >

for

i Geo. III. 90 Apri .585

for the Sums due for Clearings, and upon receiving the m. Notice is given, and they are paid to the Agents of the respective Regiments.

The Sums for these several Services are asked of the Treasury, received, and paid, in the same Manner, by the Paymaster, whilst he is in Office.

It is the Practice of the Office to introduce the Annual Receipts and Payments of the Deputy Paymaster, for Extraordinaries, into the Paymaster General's Account for that Year, which Account is font t o the Office of the Auditor of the Imprest: but Mr. Peter Taylor and Mr. Robert Paris Taylor, who were Two of Lord Holland's Deputies, did, as he is informed and believes, at Lord Holland's Request, make up their own Accounts themselves, and fend them to the Auditor's Office, for their immediate Examination; Lord Holland suggesting, that it would be for his own Advantage, as well as that of the Public, to have those Accounts, which were very voluminous, and contained a great Expenditure, settled and adjusted as speedily as possible, that in case any Articles weredifallovved or questioned by the Auditor, MeflYs. Taylors, and their Assistants, might have then an Opportunity of explaining the m; had they been inlertod into the Annual Accounts, in the usual Manner, these Persons might have been either dead or absentat the Time these Accounts came in course under the Examination of the Auditor.

The Deputy Paymasters are subject to the Contronl of the Paymaster General; they are inflruCled to fend their Accounts to the Office by every Opportunity that offers, and he may call upon them to account whenever he pleases.

This Examinant further faith. That he hath Two Objections to closing the final Account of Lord Holland, and paying the Balance into the Exchequer.

The First, is the final Adjustment of the Account of 'i/lr.Robert Paris Taylor, Deputy Paymaster in Germany in the last 'War,'the Auditors having surcharged Mr. JR. P. TauhiPs Account with the Sum of Twelve thousand and Ttfty-two Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny; which Mr. Taylor does not adroit of, asserting that he has absolutely paid the said Sum.

The Second and principal Objection is, that Mr.

R. P. Taylor has brought a Charge against Lord ‘Holland, of Seven hundred Eighty-six thousand Three hundred and Fifty-seven Guilders Nine Stivers, which, computed at Ten Guilders Fifteen Stivers to the Pound Sterling, amounts to Seventy-three thousand One hundred Forty-nine Pounds Ten Shillings and Seven Pence Sterling, for Profit arising on Money Transactions in the Department of the said R. P. Taylor, Deputy Paymaster in Germany, which Profit has not, as yet, been fully paid to the late Lord Holland, or to his Executors. A Prosecution is commenced against Mr. R. P. Taylor, as the Principal, and the Executors and Devisees of Mr. Peter Taylor deceased (who was Security for R. P. Taylor) for the Balance; who assert, that a Master in Chancery is the ohly competent Judge of the Account, before whom they require the Account to be brought, for the Determination and De-cifion of the Lord Chancellor.

This Examinant further faith, That he has no Objection to close the final Account of the late Lord Holland with the Auditors-, providing he is allowed to detain in his Hands the aforesaid Sum of Seventy-three thousand One hundred Forty-nine Pounds Ten Shillings and Seven Pence, until' the Lord Chancellor has decided ttpon Mr. R. P. Taylor's Account; this being permitted, he is ready to pay the Balance, on receiving a Quietus.

That upon Application to Mr. John who

acts as his Solicitor, be has received from him the fol--lowing Letter; which contains, as he believes, a true -Account of the Proceedings between him and Mr. & Vox. 38.

P. Taylor, as Deputy Paymaster to the late Lohd Holland, and the Executors and Devisees of Mr. Peter Taylor, deceased.

" Sir,

c< In Answer to your Favour of Yesterday, desiring " a Stale of the Proceedings of Lord Hollands Executors, against Robert Paris Taylor, and the Executors " and Trustees of Peter Taylor his Surety; and whether any Questioncan arise, in the Suits depepding, " concerning the Profits on Paris Taylor's Account, as charged by himself, amounting to Seventy-three thousand One hundred Forty-nine Pounds Ten Shillings " and Seven Pence; I am to inform you, that in the " beginning of last Year I commenced Two Actions, for Lord Hollands Executors, in the Court of " King's Bench, the one against Robert Paris Taylor, as " Principal, the other against Mr. Cornewall, Mr. " Popham, and Dr. Schomberg, as Executors and Devitees, of Peter Taylor, upon several Bonds, given and " executed by Robert Paris Taylor, and Peter Taylor, " to Lord Holland, as Paymaster General, to recover " the Sum of Twenty-eight thousand One hundred " Eighty-five Pounds Nine Shillings and Five Pence * Three Farthings, appearing to be the Balance of " Robert Paris Taylor's several Accounts, as Hated by " the Auditors, and approved by the Lords of the " Treasury. In the same Term, or soon after. Two " separate Bills were filed in the Court of Chancery, by " the respective Agents of Robe Taylor, and thd " Devisees and Executors of Peter Taylor, for the same " Purpose; viz.For referring the Whole of Robert " Paris Taylor's Accounts to a Master in Chancery* " infilling that they had a Right so so do; suggesting " many Errors in the Accounts, as stated by the Au- ditors, generally, and also specifically; and controvesting their Authority, as the only Jurisdiction for " settling such Accounts; also praying Injunctions:- — " Which they obtained, it being impossible to put in the Answers in Eight Days, to flay the Proceedings in the said Suits: But the Answers being afterwards " filed, I moved to dissolve the Injunctions, and, upon " the Plaintiff's shewing Cause on the Merits, the Injunctions were dissolved. As it was practicable, by the Rules of the Court of Chancery, to proceed to " Judgments in the Actions at Law, notwithstanding " the In junctions, I availed myself of that Privilege, " and, for want of Pleas, Judgments were entered in " both Suits, and a Scire facias has issued against the " Executors; but that Suit has not been farther prosecuted, owing to the Applications made by their " Solicitor, who avers there are Errors in the Accounts stated by the Auditors.

" The Plaintiffs in the several Suits in Chancery may " proceed to a Hearing as soon as they please, and if " the Court shall Decree an Account, not only the " Item of Seventy-three thousand One hundred Forty-u nine Pounds Ten Shillings and Seven Pence, bat " every other Item in Paris Taylor's Account, will be " open to Litigation before a Master, and finally be " decided by the Court, if either Party should be difsatisfied with the Mailer's Determination.

I am, Sir,

« Your moll obedient Servant,

Bridiwell Hospital*

* Tuefiay, 17th February 1781. John

" John Powell, Esquire.

That by an Abstract of Mr. R. P. s Accounts

delivered into the Office of the Paymaster General, he has charged himself with the Sam of Seven hundred Eighty-six thousand Three hundred Fifty-seven Guilders Nine Stivers, as Profit to the Public.

la the Paymaster General's Instructionto Mr. Robert i F Paw

Fourth , Report of

Commissionert of Public Accounts.

9° Aprilis. 781.

Fourtk Paris Taylor, he directed him to keep an exact, re-Comm'iTionert 8u^ar» an(^ t-‘lear Account of all his Receipts and Pay-oft^ubiiT ments; and if any Profit arose to the Public in the Accounts. Course of his Transactions, he was instructed and ordered to charge himself therewith.

John Powell.

Guy Carleton,

T.

BichdNeave,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 4.

The Examination of Charles Bembridge, Esquire, Accountant to the Paymaster General of the Forces; taken upon Oath, the 20th and 22d of March 1781.

This Examinant faith, That he carries on and makes Up the Accounts of the Paymasters, after they are out of Office, as well as those of the Paymaster in Office.

The only Obstacle to the final Adjustment of the late Lord Holland's Account, is a Dispute relative to the Balance in the Hands of Mr. Paris Taylor, who was one of his Deputies.

The Accounts of the Paymaster General are sent from the Pay Office to the Office of the Auditor of the Im-prest, with near all the Payments inserted, which have at that Time come to the Knowledge of the Office, and the Vouchers for them; after the Auditor has examined them, if any Doubts arise, he fends to the Pay Office an Account of the Queries he makes; if any of these Queries are not answered to his Satisfaction, he fur-charges the Paymaster with the Amount of them, and returns the Account to the Pay Office, who add the Charge, and such Articles of the Discharge as were not before inserted; it is then sent again to the Auditor's Office for Examination, after which the Pay Office adds the Totals, and strikes the Balance.

The final Accounts of Mr. Charles Townshend, and of Lord North and Mr. Cooke, and of Mr. Cooke and Mr. Thomas Townshend, have been sent from the Pay Office to the Auditor's Office, with their several Vouchers; none of them have yet been returned back to the Pay Office, nor any Queries sent thither relative thereto.

The Balances in the Hands of these Three late Pay-mailers are still subject to some Claims upon several Heads of Services, and likewise to the Payment of Fees of divers Natures, and of passing their final Accounts, and of obtaining their Quietus, and to the Payment of the usual Gratuity to the Officers of the Pay Office for carrying on and making up these Accounts.

He knows of no Objection to making up and passing the Accounts of a subsequent Paymaster, though his Predecefior's are not finished,

Bembridge.

Guy Carleton,

T. Anguish,

Bichd Neave,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N*5.

Half a Year, from the 25th of December 1764 to the 24th of June 1765, was delivered into the Office of Lord Sondes, on the nth of January 1772. The Reason why this Account is not yet doled, is, that it came from the Pay Office to the Auditor's Office imperfect, with Blanks: That since it came in Articles have at several Times been added, by the Pay Office, both to the Charge and Discharge: That the greatest Part of this Account has been examined and ingrossed; but there are still some Blanks left, which must be filled up before it can be completely closed: He has several Times applied to the Pay Office to complete this Account, but it is not yet done: Were they to fend it into the Office correct and complete, with the Balance ascertained, it would probably be ready for Declaration within Three Months afterwards. It is the usual and most regular Method in the Office, not to finish one Pay mailer's Account until those of his Predecessors are closed. This Mode is not absolutely necessary; for though the Annual Payments, by successivePaytnaliers, follow each other in Order of Time, and should regularly be examined in the Order in which they are made, yet they are not so connected with each other, as to prevent the passing of a subsequent Paymaster's Account before that of his Predecessor's.

The Balance declared, upon a final Account, to be due from the Paymaster, is usually directed by the King's Warrant to be paid to his Successor.

It appears, from the Books of the Office, that Mr: Charles Toxcnjhend's final Account, from the 25th of

December 1765 to the 24th of June 1766, was delivered into the Office of Lord Sondes on the 12th of 1777; and that the final Account of Lord North and Mr. Cooke, from the 25th of December 1766 to the 24th of December 1767, was delivered into the same Office on the 30th of October 1779.

These Two Accounts are not yet perfect, neither the Charges nor Discharges are completed; but Mr. -Jhend's Account is under Examination.

When an Account is ready for doling, he returns the Book of Accounts to the Pay Office, and desires them to complete it; upon receiving it back again, he examines the Articles that are added, and if both Offices agree in the Balance, the Account is closed- It is not in his Power to form any Judgment within what Time these Accounts will be ready for Declaration, as it does not depend upon the Office of the Auditor.

The Paymasters fend their Accounts to the Auditor's Office at such Times as they think proper; after they are delivered in, they lie open at the Office, for any Additions that may be made to them, at any Time, until they are closed.

The Auditor has no Power of compelling Accountants to deliver in their Accounts for Examination.

John Lloyd.

Guy Carleton,

T. Anguish,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N*6.

The Examination of John Bray, Esquire, Deputy Auditor of the Irapreft to William Esquire; taken upon Oath, the 14th, 16th, and 2iftof March 1781.

The Examination of John Lloyd, Esquire, Deputy Auditor of the Imprest to Lord;

taken upon Oath, the 14th and -16th of March

1781.

This Examinant faith. That the final Account of Lord Holland, as Paymaster General of the Forces, for

This Examinant faith. That it appears from the Books of the Office, that the Account of Mr. Charles Townshend, as Paymaster General of the Forces, from the 25th of June to the 24th of December 1765, was delivered into the Office of Mr. Aijlabie on the 8th of February 1776. This Account is in great Forward-ness and so near being completed, that if the Warrants

2i Geo. III.

9* Aprilis.

rants granting Allowances to the Deputy Paymasters and others are procured by the Pay Office, and delivered to the Auditor's Office in a ffiort Time, and the Regimental Book, and Book of Account attelled, he has Keaton to believe it will be ready for Declaration at Midfummtr next.

The Account of Lord North and Mr. Cooke, from the 25th of June to the 24th of December 1766, wasdeli-vered into the same Office on the 30th of October 1779: This Account is as yet imperfect, but is under Examination.

The Account of Mr. Codke and Mr. Thomas Tozvn-Jhend, from the 25th of December 1767 to the 24th of June 1768, which is their only Account, was delivered into the same Office on the 15th of November 1779: This Account has not yet, that he knows of, been'proceeded upon, as there are preceding Accounts now in Hand. The Auditor cannot make the Accounts of the Paymasters General ready for Declaration until they are made complete by, and the Balance settled at, the Pay Office.

In an Account, intituled, Robert Paris Taylor, Deputy Paymaster in Germany, his general Account current with the Right honourable Lord Holland, Paymaster General, delivered by him or his Agents into Mr. Auditor Aijlabie's Office some Time, as he apprehends, in the Year 1764, Mr. Paris Taylor has charged himself withfeveral Sums, amounting together to Seven hundred Eighty-six thousand Three hundred Fifty-seven Guilders Nine Stivers, which, at the Rate of Ten Guilders Fifteen Stivers to the Pound Sterling, amounts, as he computes the fame, to Seventy-three thousand One hundred Forty-nine Pounds Ten Shillings and Seven Pence, as a Profit to the Public on sundry Payments made by him in Germany or elsewhere. It appears that the First Article in the said Account is dated in April 1759, and is a Sum received by him of Peter Taylor, at sundry Times; the last Article is a Sum re- -ceived by him on the 25th of July 1763.

John Bray,

G?ty Carleton,

T. Angnish,

Richd Neave,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

: N* y. 1

The Examination of the honourable Charle James Fox, Esquire j taken upon Oath, the 26th of March 1781.

N® 8.

The Examination of the Right honourable Caroline Baroness Greenwich; taken upon oath, the 26th of March 1781;

Her Ladyffiip faith, That the Surd of Forty-four thousand Four hundred Twenty-two Pounds Four Shillings and eight Pence, mentioned in the Return made by her to the Requisition of this Board, dated the 29th of September last, is, to the belt of her Knowledge and Belief, all the Public Money at that Time remaining in her Hands, Custody, or Power, as Administratrix to the Right honourable Charles T late Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces.

She has no Objection to the Payment of this Balance into the Exchequer, upon receiving a proper Discharge;

Greenwich

Guy Carletotii

T. Angui/h,

A. Piggott,

Rich1 Neave,

Samf Beachcrofti Geo. Drummond*

N* 9<

The Examination of the Right honourable Lord North; taken upon Oath, the 23d and 30th of March 178 r.

Lord North fays. That the Sum of Sixty-three thousand Seven hundred Thirty-eight Pounds Three Shillings and Ten Pence, mentioned in the Return made by him to the Requisition of this Board, dated the 10th of October last, is, to the belt of his Knowledge

and Belief, all the Public Money at that Time remaining in his Hands, Custody, or Power, as late Paymaster of the Forces jointly with George Cooke, Esquire, deceased.

This Sum is subject to the Services for which it was granted, in case there are any Demands upon those Services unsatisfied, and to the Payment of the Fees of making up and passing his Accounts, and the Payment of the Gratuities to the Officers of the Pay Office for carrying and making up his Accounts.

He has no Objection to pay in the whole Balance into the Exchequer, either upon receiving a Quietus, or a Security equivalent to a Quietus, that may equally secure himself and his Family from any further Claims from the Public upon him, as late Paymaster of the Forces.

This Examimant faith. That he is interested in the Residue of the Personal Estate of the late Henry Lord Holland, together with his Brother Colonel Henry Fox, who is in America, and his Nephew Henry Lord Holland, an Infant about the Age of Seven Years.

That there is a Litigation depending between the Executors of Lord Holland, and Mr. Robert Paris Taylor, who was one of his Deputies, the Determination of which may affect the Balance due from the late Lord Holland, as Paymaster of the Forces: As much of that Balance as may be affected by that Litigation, he objects to the Payment of into the Exchequer; as to the Residue, he has no Objection, upon obtaining a Quietus, or an Indemnification equivalent thereto.

C. J. Fox.

Guy Carleton,

T. Anouilh,

A. Piggott,

Rich4Neave,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

VOL.38,

North.

Guy Carleton,

T. Anguish,

Ric¥ Nea-oe,

Sam' Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N® 10*

The Examination of the Right honourable Thomas Tmonjhend', taken upon Oath, the 27th of

1781.

This Examinant faith. That the Sum of Thirteen thousand One hundred Seventy-one Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Nine Pence, mentioned in the Return made by him to the Requisition of this Board, dated the 30th of August last, is, to the belt of his Knowledge and Belief, all the Public Money at that Time remaining in his Hands, Custody, or Power, as late Paymaster General of the Forces jointly with George Cooke, Esquire, deceased.

This

.Fourth , Report of^ fcommi ttioriers

of P'lbiid Acco until*

3$8 9° Apr 1781.

'Pourrh This Balance is dill liable to such Services as were Repor of voted during the Time he was in Office, and have not CofPubIicrS ^een yet ^d to the Payment of the Fees and

Account*. °bial Gratuities for making up and passing his Accounts.

He has ho Objection to the Payment of the Balance into the Exchequer, upon receiving a proper Security and Indemnification.

Townshend.

Guy Carleton,

T. Anguish,

Ham1 Beacroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 11.

.The Examination of George John , Esquire; taken upon Oath, the 2d of 1781.

This Examinant faith, That he is interested, together with his Brother, Charles Molloi/, Esquire, in the Residue of the real and personal Estates of the late George Cooke, Esquire, deceased, his Father, Paymaster General of the Forces, jointly, at one Time with Lord North, and at another Time with Thomas Esquire.

He has no Objection to the Balances upon the joint Accounts of Lord North and the late George'Cooke, Esquire, and of Mr. Thomas Toumjhend and the late George Cooke, Esquire, as late joint Paymasters of the Forces, being paid into the Exchequer, upon receiving . a Quietus, or an Indemnification equivalent thereto.

Geo. Jn° Cooke.

Guy Carleton,

T. Anguish,

Richd Neate,

Sam1 Reachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 14.

The Examination of Charles taken upon

Oath, the 3d of April 1711.

This Examinant faith, That he is interested, together with his Brother Colonel George John Cooke, in the Residue of the real and personal Estates of George Cooke, Esquire, his late Father.

He has no Object ion to the Payment into the Exchequer of 'the Two Balances, the One upon the joint Account of Lord North and his late Father, and the other

upon the joint Account of Mr. Thomas Townshend and his late Father, as joint Paymasters of the Forces, upon receiving a Quietus, or an Indemnification equivalent thereto.

Charles Molloy.

Guy Carleton

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 13.

Gentlemen,

Agreable to your Precept, dated the 14th March 1781, requiring an Account of the Total Sums received and paid by Robert Paris T Esquire, as Deputy Paymaster of the Forces to the late Lord Holland, &c.

I hereby acquaint you, that in the Account intituled as follows:

Robert Paris Taylor, Deputy Paymaster in Germany, his General Account Current with the Right honourable Lord Holland, Paymaster General,

Sic.

the Sum Total charged in the said Account amounts to 9,819,107 Grs. 2 Sts.; which being reduced into Sterling, at the Rate of Grs. 10. 15. to the Pound Sterling, produces £.913,405. 6. 2$ — That the Total of the Discharge Part thereof amounts to Grs. 0,438,595. 14<SVr.f. 12 Dwhich, reduced into Sterling, at the above Rate, produces£.878,oo8. 18.

— And that the Balance of the said Account is Grs. 380,511. jStrs. 4 D.;which, reduced also into Sterling, at the same Rate, produces 35,396. 8. if

The Surcharges, amounting to £. 12,05a. 13. ia£, for which the proper Vouchers have not been produced to the Auditor, appear to be made a separate Charge in Lord Holland's final Account, euding Midsummer 1765,

and are not included in the aforegoing Total of £.913,405. 6. 2^.

Thefirstand last Dates in the Charge are, April 1759, and the 25th July 1763.

I am. Gentlemen, with Respect,

Your most obedient humble Servant,

Auditors Office, John Bray,

27th March 1781. Deputy to William AJlabie,

: Esquire, Auditor.

The Commissioners of Public Accounts.

Total 7 q Chargej 9.8i9>'°7 2 -

Hollands Currency. Grs. Strs. D.

Sterling. Hollands Currency* Grs. Strs. D. Sterling.

£.913,405 6 a| Total 7 . Discharge } 9.438.595 >4 * Balance due 1 Grs. Str*. D. £. 878,008 18 *i

by Robert^380,511 7 4 Paris Taybr) 35»396 8 i*

G.9,819,107 2 — £ 9*3.405 6

N! 14.

2i Geo. nr.

9® Aprilis.

389

N* 14.

.Av ACCOUNT of the Balance remaining in the Hands of Henry Lord late Paymaster General

of the Forces, upon the 24th of June 1765; and of the Total Sums received and paid by the said Lord Holland, or his Kepresentatives, from the 24th of June 1765 to the 24th of December 1765, and for every Year from the said 24th of December to the 24th of December 1780; with the Total of the Balances remain* fug in his Hands at the End of each Year.

Balance on the 24th June 1765 -

From 25th June to 24 th December 1765 -

Balance on the 24th December 1765

Anno 1766 ——

Balance on the 24th December 1766 ,

Anno 1767

Balance on the 24th December 1767

Anno 1768 ——

Balance on the 24th December 1768

Anno 1769 ——

Balance on the 24th December 1769

Anno 1770 ——

Balance on the 24th December 1770 - -

Anno 1771

Balance on the 24th December 1771 , Anno 1772 ——

Balance on the 24th December 1772 - 2

Anno 1773 -

Balance on the 24th December 1773

Anno 1774 ——

Balance on the 24th December 1774 Anno 1775 -

Balance on the 24th December 1775 Anno 1776 -

Balance on the 24th December' 1776 Anno 1777 - - - _

Balance on the 24th December 1777

Anno 1778 ——

Balance on the 24th December 1778 Anno 1779 ——

Balance on the 24th December 1779

Anno 1780 ——

Balance on the 24th December 1780

Pay Office, Horse Guards,

2d March 1781.

Vol. j8.

Sums received. Sums paid. Balances.

£. r. rf. £- 5*. *?. £ s. d.

- - 497,606 l7 6

4i9»773 16 3 456,59° *5 — 36,816 18 9

_ ' - - - 460,789 18 9

00 r-« i-< 8 7 4i7*385 3 5 J99 14 10

m m - - 460,590 3 11

240,590 — I a45»839 3 i° 5>249 3 9

- - - - 455.341 — 2

I7I>973 11 7 93^350 6 9 78,623 4 IO

_ . - 533.964 5 —

10,234 9 3 47,670 10 2 37.436 11

496,528 4 I

24,978 l7 5 68,605 18 6 43.627 1 I

- - *. A 452,901 3 —

5>4i 1 6 I>799 5 11 3,602 15 7

m m - - 456,503 18 7

*49 *9 10 25*643 6 7 25,493 6 9

- - - - 43L010 11 IO

341 3 9J9 5 3 577 IO "

- . - 430,433 I IO

— 5 6 L998 19 4 1,998 13 IO

— . 428,434 8 —

6,467 1 1,281 8 2 5.185 11 11

- 433»6i9 *9 II

« 433,6i9 *9 11

23,212 l6 5*999 7 1 5 17,2'3 8 7

450,833 8 6

- - 202,123 10 9 202,123 10 9

- - ► p 248,709 17 9

1,166 — 1,181 4 2 15 3 9

- - 248,694 14 —

10,428 4 2 2,666 10 — 7,761 14 2

- -n 256,456 8 2

Jfohn Powell.

5 O N® 15;

Fourth Report of Commtftonert oft Public Accounts.

39°

A. 1781.

Fourth Report of C ommissioner* of Pubik; Account*

9® Aprilis.

' <J '

K°i5.

An ACCOUNT of the Balance remaining in the Hands of the Right honourable Charles Toumshend, Pay-Mailer General of the Forces, upon the 24th of June 1766; and of the Total Sums received and paid by the said Charles Townshend, or his Representatives, from the 24th of June 1766 to the 24th of December 1760, and for every Year from the said 24th December to the 24th December 1780; with the Total of the Balances remaining in his Hands at the End of each Year.

Sums received. Sums paid. Balances.

- £ s. d. £ * d- £ s. d.

196>097 5 —

From 25th June to 24th December 1766 384,640 9 7 499»3°9 8 11 114,668 19 4

Balance on the24^ December 1766 - - 81,428 5 8

Anno 1767 - i . 439>533 16 7 333,100 — 2 , 106,433 16 5

Balance on the 44th December 1767 - - - 187,862 2 1

Anno 1768 - - 3 60,812 16 6 247,214 18 xo 186,402 2 4

/ s k ' Balance on the 24th December 1768 mm m m - M59 19 9

Anno 1769 - 99»203 2 3 64,967 I xo 34,236 — 5

Balance on the 44th December 1769 - „ m m 35,696 — 2

M45 *7 — M45 *7 —

I - < % Balance on the 24th December 1770 - ... 34.25° 3 2

Anno 1771 - - - 4,541 2 8 m- m 4,541 2 $

-Balance on the 24th December 1771 - m m m 38.791 5 10

- Anno 1774 - . 4,000 4,oqo — —

Balance on the 44th December 1772 - 34.791 5 *0

- Anno 1773 - - - 586 12 -6 586 12

fV Balance on the-24th December 1773 - «... 34,204 13 4

-dnw 1774 - - -L 84* 7 ® . 84 -7 — „ ... *

Balance on the 24th December 1774 - i w 34,120 5 8

: Anno 1775 xoo — — , 34 16 J i 65 3"it

.Balance on the 24th December 1775 - 34.185 9 7

\Armo 1776 - 104 -r — — 122 16 8 18 16 8

r Balance on the 24th December 1776 - - ‘ - - 34,166 12 11

Anno 1777 - - . — 7 — —

Balance on the..24th December 1777 - 34,166 12 11

, Anno 1778 - - - — " — T* [

Balance 05 the 44th D'eceviber 1778 ... '34,166 12 11

Anno 1779 - n. , .' - — 7- — .' '

Balance on the 44th 1779 - m m mm - 34,166 12 11

Anno 1780 - - . - 2,217 11 . , 652 8 *4' - i»565 2 7

..Balance on the 24th December 1780 - - 35.731 15 6

Balance as above - ... - . 35.731 15 6 (

Balances in the Hands of furidry Persons - - 8,490 9 2

Amount of the JPublie Moneyin the Hands, Custody, or Power of the Re-

presentative'of the late Rfcht henoifrable Charles Townshend, Pay-

mailer General of the Forces ... 44,222 4 8

.. - *

Cha‘

Pay Office, 31st March 1781. N* 16

XI Geo. III.

9° Apri

39.1

N# 16.

An ACCOUNT of the Balance remaining in the Hands of the Right honourable Lord North and George Cooke, Esquire, Paymaster General of the Forces, upon the 24th December 1767; and of the Total Sums received and paid by the said Lord North and George , Esquire, or his Representative, from 24th of December 1767 to the 24th of December 1768, and for every Year from the said 24th of December to the 24th of December 1780 j with the Total of the Balances remaining in their Hands at the End of each Year.

Sums received. Sums paid. Balances.

Balance on the 24th December 1767 - - - £. s. d. m m m £. s. d. ' £ s. a. 94,758 13 10

A/mo 1768 j - 371,102 2 — 377,281 9 i: 6*I7S 7 3

Balance on the 24th December 1768 - 88,579 6 7

Anno 1769 - - 111,985 l8 I 149,024 l8 I >. 37,039 — —

Balance on the 24th December 1769 - - 51,540 6 7,

Anno 1770 - . - - - . - 1 ‘ 74,196 — 3 56,960 12 7 r7>235 7 £

Balance on the 24th December 1770 — - 68,775 M 3

Anno 1771 - - - - m 11,626 ip 10 11,626 10 10

Balance on the 24th December 1771 ... m m m 0 % 57, M9 3 5

Anno 1772 ----- -- m m 6,no — i. 6,110 — ;i

Balance on the 24th December 1772 - <m m — - 3 4

Anno 1J73 - - - . c ,35,"7 9 35,117 11 ;p

Balance on the 24th December 1773 - Anno 1774 - - - - £ m l.\\ ‘U -15,921 n 7

35, OOOO 5 — ,* *.' . w. i 35»oooo 5

Balance on the 24th December 1774 - - - m 50,921 16 7

Anno 1775 - - ~ - . = m j* i 35><t°o. — r> — i 0 <35»oo8 ‘4~*

Balance on the 24th December 1775 - - m m m - '15,921 16 7

Anno' 1776 - - 2 2 s 35,000 — —; -<173 34,827 — +-

Balance on the x^ih December 1776 - m m m - '50,748 16 7

Anno in'] . - - t 22 2 -8 36»°oo — < — s ' 34,977 *7 '4

I , . ‘ 15,77° *9 3

Anno 1778 - " - m - 35,000 — 2 , 35i°Oo — ► :^ " ~~ '

Balance on the 24th December 1778 ... , i5,77o 19 3

Anno 1779 - - - - 35,ogo — —; ^5,000 — j ' MM 1

Balance on the 24th December 1779 - - m 15,770 19 „3

Anno 1780 ----- - 83.776 — 9 , '42,000 — — 4*s776 — 1 19

Balance on the 24th December 1780 - . - + m m v' - r *y..... , \ P , . .57,547 — —

Balance as above - - - Balance in the Hands of fundryPerfoos -- 57,547 - 6,-191 3 IO" I 01:r

Amount of the Public Money iti the Hands, Custody: or Power, of the K(uT",; , k:

Right honourable Lord North, late PaVmafteF'General bf!the:ro'rdes. i I , . .». 1 \ * 1 V ( % 738 3 10

jointly with George Cooke, Esquire, defeated' v Vi-Ov- . /! £

Pay Office, 31st M 1781.

' cGH(P Be

Vol. 38.

N# 17.

fonrth Report of Comm faTiera of Public Accounts.

9° Apr,

A. 1781.

Fourth Report of Commftlhnerfi of Public Accounts.

N*i7.

An ACCOUNT of the Balance remaining in the Hands of George Cooke, and the Right honourable Thomas Townshend, Paymaster General of the Forces, upon the 24th June 1768; and of the Total Sums received and paid by the said George Cooke, or his Representative, and the said Thomas Toxcnjhend, from the 24th of June 1768 to the 24th of December 1768, and for every Year from the said 24th of December to the 24th of December 1780 with the Total of the Balances remaining in their Hands at the End of each Year.

Balances On the 24th June 1768 -

From 25th June to 24th December 1768

Balance on the 24th December1768 Anno 1769 -

Balance on the 24th December 1769 Anno 1770 -

Balance on the 24th December 1770 Anno 1771

Balance on the 24th December 1771 Anno 1772 -

Balance on the 24th December 1772 Anno 1773 -

Balance on the 24th December 1773 Anno f-- -

Balance on the 24th December 1774 Anno 1775 -

Balance oti the 24th December 1775 Anno 1776 -

Balance on the 24th December 1776 Anno 1777 ..

Balance on the 24th December 1777 Anno 1778 - - 4

Balance on the 24th December 1778 Anno 1779 -

Balance on the 24th December 1779 Anno 1780 -

Balance on the 24th December 1780

Sums received.

jr. s. d. 201,825 4 4

171,507 17 1

4,807 2 10

49 5 2

8,886 3 5

Balance as above - - - !

Balances in the Hands of sundry Persons

Amount of the Public Money in the Hands, Custody, or Power, of the Right honourable Thomas TowjiJhend, late Paymaster Genera} of the Forces, jointly with George Cooke, Esquire, deceased -

Pay Office, jift March 1781*

Sums paid.

£. s. d. 275»677 — 1

I55>9°9 — 50,102 17 8,039 10 1

4,041 12 3 856 2 10

50 ——

46 - -

9.565 5 a 3,606 9 5

' I

Balances.

£. s. <L 117,2U 15 5

73.851 15 9

43.359 19 8 15,598 16 9

58,958 16 5

45,295 14 8

13,663 1 9

7,990 4 11

5,672 16 10 4,041 12 3

1,631 4 7 856 2 10

775 1 ,9

50 ——

7*5 1 9

46 ——

679

679

679

679

679 1 9

8,886 3 5

9.565 5 »

*3,17* »4 7

Chat Bembridge.

N*i«.

21 Geo. III.

9° Aprilts.

393

N® 18.

C A L C U LA TIO N of the Interest, at per Cent, per Annum, upon the Annual Balances in the Hands of the late Paymasters General of the Forces, since they federally resigned their Offices.

Lord Holland's Balances.

interest upon

D® D®

D® D°

D® D®

D" D'

D® D®

D® D®

D® D®

D® D®

D* D®

D® D*

D® D®

D® D*

D® D®

P* D'

J-

460,590,

4S5>341>

533»964*

496,528,

452>9°'' 456»5°3» 431,010,

43°«433» 4*8.4341 433,6*9* 433»6*9» 45°>833» 248,709,

248.694,

248.694,

from 24th from 24th from 24 th from 24th from 24 th from 24th from 24th from 24 th from 24 th from 24th from 24th from 24th from 24th from 24th from 24th

December

December

December

December

December

December

December

December

December

December

December

December

December

December

December

1765 to 24th Decemb 1766

1766 to 24th December 1767

1767 to 24th December 1768

1768 to 24th December 1769

1769 to 24th December 1770

1770 to 24th December 1771

1771 to 24th December 1772

1772 to 24th December 1773

1773 to 24th December 1774

1774 to 24th Decemb 1775

1775 to 24th December 17 76

1776 to 24th December 1777

1777 to 24th Decemb 1778

1778 to 24th D 1779

1779 to December 1780

r

Mr. Charles Toum/hentfs Balances.

Interest upon

D° D®

D* D®

D® D"

D® D®

D® D®

D* D®

D® D"

D® D®

D® D®

D® D®

D® D®

D® D®

D® D®

187,862,

M59>

35*696*

34.25°*

38»79*»

34.791*

34*204>

34,120,

34»i8.5»

34.166, 34»j66,

34.166,

34.166,

34.166,

Interest upon D" D°

D®

D°

D'

D°

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D#

D®

D*

D"

D*

D®

D®

D#

D®

D®

D®

Lord North and Mr. Cooke's Balances.

88,579, from 51,540, from 68,775, from 57,149, from 51,039, from

15.921, from

50.921, from

15.921, from 50,748, from 15»77o, from 15>770, from 15,770, from 15,7 70, from

24th June 1786 to 24th 24th December 1768 to 24th December 1769 to 24th December 1770 to 24th December 1771 to 24th December 1772 to 24th December 1.7^3 to 24th December 1774 to 24th December 1775 to 24th December 1776 to 24th December 1777 to 24th December 1778 to 24th December 1779 to

from 24th December 1766 to 24th December 1767 from 24th December 1767 to 24th 1768

from 24th December 1768 to 24th December 1769 from 24th December 1769 to 24th December 1770 from 24th December 1770 to 24th December 1771 from 24th December 1771 to 24th December 1772 from 24th December 177a to 24th 1773

from 24th December 1773 to 24th December 1774 from 24th December 1774 to 24th December 1775 from 24th December 1775 to 24th 1776

from 24th December 1776 to 24th 1777

from 24th December 1777 to 24th 1778

from 24th December 1778 to 24th December 1779 from 24th December 1779 to 24th jDecewi&er 2780

December 1768 14th Decemoer 1769 24th jDecm&er 1770 24th December 1771 24th December 1772

24th December 1773 24th December 1774

24th December 1775

2 4th December 1776 24th December 1777

24th December 1778 24th December 1779 24th December 1780

Vnnual Interest.

s. d.

18,423 12 —

<8,213 12 —

*‘,358 ii —

19,861 2 —

i8,n6 — —

i8,&6o 2 —

17,240 8 —

17,217 6 —

17»I37 7 —

17»344 *5 —

17*344 *5 —

18,033 6 —

9,948 7 —

9,947 *5 —

9-947 *5 —

7»5*4 9 —

S8 7 ~

*»447 16 —

*,37° — -

*»55* 12 —

*.39* 12 —

1,368 3 —

*,364 l6 —

*,367 8 —

1,366 12 —

1,366 12 — *

1,366 12 —

1,366 12 —;

1,366 12 —

1,77* 11 —

2,061 12 —

2»75* —

2,285 *9 —

2,041 11 —

636 16 — -

2,036 16 —

636 16

2,029 18 —

630 16 —

630 16 —

630 16 — -

630 16 —

Fourth Report of Cornraiffioaen of Publia Accounts*

Total.

M8,394 13 —

24,247 3 —

18,775 3 —

Tot. 38.

5«

Mr.

9* ApriUs.

A. 1781

Fourth Report of €omm<ffioner« of Public Accounts.

Mr. Cooke and Mr. Thcf Balances.

Annual Interest.

Total.

Interest upon 58,958, from 24th & D* u j^tb

D° D° from -24th

D* D° 1,631, from 24th D* ©° 7 75,-tom 24th

D* D*. 725, from 24th

D8 ¥)* 679, Worn 24I&1

D" D* 679, from 24th

D* D* 675, from 24th

te° D* 679, frtem 34th

D* D* $>79, ftom 24th

D* D* $79, ftom 24th

December 1768 to December j 769 -to Decomber a 7 70 to December 1771 to December 1772 to December 1773 to December 1774 to December 1775 to December 1776 to December 1777 to Decentkrr 1-778 to December 1779

24th December 1769 24th December 1 7 70 -2.41th December 177a 24th December 1772 24 th December 1773 24th December 1774 24th Decemberq'775

24th December 1776 24th December 1777 24th December 1778 24th December 17,79 104 th December 1780

Total of Interest

„ 1

£ s. d.

*>35 8 6 -

546 10 —

226 17 —

65 4 —

31 — —

*9 — —

27 3 —

27 3 —

27 3 ~

27 3 —

27 3 —

27 3 —

3,4*-9 15 —

294,8316 14 —

In the above Caicnlbtiotv, tx> Tnberelft re r*ek»tred vuptm rite Balance in the Hands of the Paymaster during the first Six Months uftrt- be -rassigned his Office-; the Balance rremainbag in his Hands at <the End of each Year, is the Sum on Which Intenest ife -cast for l>he foregoing Twe+ne Months. Interest for fthe Year 1780 is reckoned only upon the Balance (of the Yfocr *779* and not opDn any Money received by him during the Year 1780.

N*i9.

Am ACCOUNT of the Public Money issued from 4he Stedmpdt <of she £xdheqner to the following Paymasters General of the Forcfes, by Way of Imprest, and upon Account, from the 1 ft Day of January 1756 to the 30th Day-of &/tf«n£er 1780.

Henry Fox, Esquire^ afterwards Lord 'Holland Charles Townjherid, Esquire - - *

Frederick Lord North and George ,!Esqui.re George Cooke and Thortias Esquires -

45>97,6o7 16 .4

2^38,519 — 4

1 >957»543 *4 3* 570,813 11 — £

Gold used by Toymen, & c.

Ordered, That ftteliaa Number of Copies of the daid Report be printed as-shall be sufficient fbrtlieUfeofihe Memberr of the Hotde.

The Lord Mahon reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Goldfmlths, Toymen, Watchmakers, Cafemakere, Chain makers, Small Worked in Gold, Chafers, and-ether Personsiconoefned in the-tna-nufa&uring or vending-ef Gold Wares, residing within the Cities of Londm-o.nA. Wcfiminfisr, and the ILrbeftties thereof, whose N&mes are thereunto subscribed,<wsS referred; That the Gemtaitteetfiad examined-the-Matter of the said Petition-; and had directed him'to-report the fame, as it appeared do them, to -the Hoofe; -and-he read the Report in4iis3?Iace-; >an Uafterwards -delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same -was read,; and is as followeth-; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James MoriJJet, of Denmark Street, -being exar

mined, find, Tli alt-he was-a Working Goldsmith, Jeweller, and Enameller, and that he undertook all the Branches of the Gold Business to a very great Extent, and that he had followed the said Business in this Metropolis for these Seventeen Years last past.

This Witness informed your Committee, ift. That a Car rat is the Aliquot Twenty-fourth Part of any given Quantity of Gold.

2dly. That pure Gold, when refined to its utmost Perfection, is called Gold of Twenty four Carrots.

jdly. That 'the English -Standard, for Gold Manufactures, (contains Twenty-.tuvo Carrats of -pure Gold, and Two Carrats of Alloy.

4thly. That the Standard of France, for Gold Ma-tnufactures, contains Twenty Carrats of pure Gold, and Four Carrats of Alloy.

gthly. That the'Standand of the Republic of for Gdld Manufactures, contains Eighteen Carrats of pure-Gold, and Six Carrats of, Alloy.

<6tbly. That Copper is the be£t Alloy for-Gold,-wheu Hardness is required: And

ythfe. That to the best of the Witness's Knowledge, Gold |ar Manufactures will not; admit of any Alloy, exoep$ Copper, -or Silver, -or n Mixture of thel'e Two Metals.

And the Witness, being examinod as to the de-pvefled State of the Manufacture of Gold Wares in this Kingdom, in Comparison to the State of the said Manufacture in Foreign Countries, informed your Committee, That every Manufacturer of Gold in this Kingdom, being prevented by several severe Penal Statutes, from making, felling, or exporting any Gold Wares, less than Twenty-two Carrats fine, is thereby totally deprived of all the Advantages which would arise io them from felling Manufactures of Gold of any inferior Standard.

That the natural Consequence of this is, that a great Quantity of Gold Wares and Toys of various Kinds, are brought into this Kingdom from France, Geneva,

Sc.

2i Geo. IIT. tfjprilis. 395

2<c. on Account of such Articles being sold at a lower Generality of Cafes, go as far in making Gold Toys, Gold used Price, and also on Account of the superior Beauty and Trinkets, and other Work, as Four Ounces of Twenty- b>r Toyrae*, Durability of Gofld Mmuifa&ares of Foreign Standards, two Carrat Gold. And that in many Cafes, Three *c‘

wh eh is a very great Detriment to the Manufacturer^ Ounces of Eighteen Carrat Gold will go as far as Four of lib is Kingdom. Ounces and a Quarter of Twenty-two Carrat Gold.

That k confluence of the said Laws now in Force The Witness informed your Committee, That the in this Country, the Manufacturers of France and credit Price of Twenty-two Carrat Gold being at Four Geneva have a very great Advantage iu all Foreign Pounds One Shilling and Seven Pence per Ounce, the Markets, where they very much underfed the Manu- credit Price of Eighteen Carrat Gold was at Three ‘' ia&urers of this Country. Pounds Six Shillings and Nine Pence per Ounce.

The said Witness then informed your Committee, That, therefore, the above-mentionedThreeOuncesof That Gold of Twenty Carrats line, is susceptible of a Eighteen Carrat Gold was worth Ten Pounds and Three much higher Degree of Polith, than Gold of Twenty- Penoe; but that the above-mentioned Four Ounces of two Carrats fine; and that Gold of Eighteen Carrats Twenty-two Carrat Gold was worth Sixteen Pounds fine, will take a Hill higher Polhh than either. And Six Shillings and Four Pence; and that the above-the Reason of this, he said, was, that the more Alloy mentioned Four Ounces and a Quarter of Twenty-two there is in Gold, the harder it is; and that the harder Carrat Gold was worth Seventeen Pounds Six Shillings the Gold is, the higher Polish it wiU take. and Eight Pence Three Farthings.

He also informed your Committee, that the harder The Witness further Ibid. That the Expence of ma-the Gold is, the longer the Polish will last, and the less nufa&uring and finishing any particularPiece of Work, liable it will be to be scratched, or to grow #ull by in Gold of Twenty-two Carrats fine, is much greater Wear. And that, in consequence of the greater Hard- than the Expence of manufacturing and finishing a ness in the Eighteen Carrat Gold, it does not lose so similar Piece of Work in Gold of Eighteen Carrats much of its Poiifh in One Year, as the Twenty-two fine; which is an additional Reason why the Foreign Carrat Gold loses in One Month, whenexposed to the Gold Manufacturers have so great an Advantage, in same Degree of Friction and Wear. Foreign Markets, over the Manufacturers of this

That the Poiifh is given to the Eighteen Carrat Gold Kingdom, in a much shorter Time, and with much less Labour, The Witness informed your Committee, Thai he than it is to the Twenty-two Carrat Gold. was, from his own Experience, perfectly well acquainted

That in fin idling and polishing Gold of Twenty-two with all these Fa6ts, having a particular Shop of his Carrats fine there is a much greater Wade of Metal, own for Jewelry, and other particular Branches than in finishing and polifliing Gold of Eighteen of Business, wherein Gold is permitted by Law to be Carrats fine; not only because the Twenty-two Carrat worked of an inferior Standard to that of Twenty-two Gold is iutrinGcally of more Value than the Eighteen Carrats.

Carrat Gold, but likewise because a greater Quantity The Witness said. That, according to Lis Judgment, of the Twenty-two Carrat Gold Hides to the Teeth of the Colour of the Geneva and French Gold was superior the File, a*id a greater Proportion thereof is absolutely -to that of ours; and that the Generality of his Cuf-Joft. tomere did prefer the Geneva and French Gold, to

The Witness said, It was very much the fame, coo English Gold, in Point of Beauty, parattvely speaking, as in the filing of Lead, though in He further laid. That he had been at , and a much less Degree. - had visitedmost of the principal Goldsmiths there; end

That die Hardnel's and Elaftidty of Gold of Eigb- that, to his Knowledge, the Number of Wanking Gold-teen Carrats fine, was so much superior to the Hard- smiths in Paris is a vafi Number of Times greater than ness and EJaAicity of Gold of Twenty-two Carrats fine, the Number of Working Goldsmiths in the Cities of that it is not near so liable to be battered, or bruised, London and which is most exceedingly

or to lol'e its Shape by Wear, as that of Twenty-two small in Companion.

Carrats is. The Witnesss being asked. Whether the Manufac-

Tha± it is impoffibfe, on Account of the Softness of turers of this Country would be able to meet the the Twenty-two Carrat Gold, for any Workman to French, in Foreign Markets, in Point of Workman-give the same Degree of Sharpness and Beauty of ship, and also in Point of Price, in case the Standard of Worsemanship to that Kind of Gold, as to Gold of English manufactured Gold were reduced from Twenty-Eighteen Carrats fine. two Carrats, to the French Standard of Twenty Carrats ?

Tuat, in particular, it is impossible, for the same he answered, That he thought we -could not imtne-Rea'.on, to make aaaty Engine-toroed Work upon diately, as we have some Parts of the Business yet to Tweniy-two Caraat-Gold, near as fine, ueat, sharp, pr learn with respeffc to Gold of an inferior Standard beautiful, in point of Wookmaaftip, -as may be <foue to our own: but that the Encouragement w.ould be upo -rGold of Eighteen Carrats fine. ' so great as to enable us to meet the French Manu-

And that no Work of the Engine-turned or like factureos.at Market, in a short Time, because (though Kind is near so (durable on dhe Twoky-two Carrat ,in general the Price of Labour be cheaper in France Gold,- as it is on the Eighteen Garret Gold, which is so than in England, yet) in the Goldsmiths Business, -the much harder. Expence of Labour is nearly the same in both Coun-

Thactfrom the fiipeidar Hard ness and Elasticity of ' tries.

(the Eighteen Carrat Gold, any Piece of Work may he The Witness being further asked. Whether the Ma-made thereof much thinner (and will confoqueully nufacturers of this Conntrywould -be able to underweigh much Ids) than :a similar Piece of Work made fell the French, in Foreign Markets, in case the Stan-. of ithe same Siae -and Shape of the Twenty-two-Caveat dard of English manufactured Gold were reduced from Gold; and yet, 'that (the isud thin W ork of Eighteen Twenty-two Carrats to the.Genere Standard of Eighteen Carrat Gold will be full as strong, more datable, Carrats ? he answered. That, in a iliort Time we should and abfotately iu every Respect better for Use. The certainly be able so to do; and he laid, that he was Consequence of which is, that the Workmade inFoveign confirmed in this Opinion, because the Peopleof Geneva Countries, of Eighteen Carrat'Gold, isifold at a much do it now.

lower Rate than the Gold Wares of a like Kind manu- The Witness further said. That it would be perfectly faCiured in tins Country can polfrbly-be affordedby our easy for the Workmen (when they stamp the Initials Manufacturers. of their Names upon their Works) to add rthe Num-

Ttie Witness then informed your Committee,' That bers 18, or 20, or 22, as the same may be, and also

Three Ounces of Eighteen Carrat Gold will, in the for three different Stamps to be kept at Goldsmiths . Vol. 38. Hall,

396 9* Aprili4.1781.

Gold used by Toymen, &c.

Hall, to distinguish the Works made of the Three different Standards above-mentioned; in like Manner as the Two Standards of Silver are now distinguished by the Hall Marks of The Britannia and The Lion.

The Witness further said, That no Inconvenience Could arise by establ idling Three Standards by Law in this Country, asGoldis always fold pure by the Refiner, and never mixed; but that the Alloy is given separate and distinctto the Workmen by the Refiner.

And the Witness informed your Committee, That lie has often employed many Foreigners, who instructed his EnglijfiWorkmen in their Business; but thqt he has

known feme English Workmen as able as any of other

Countries; notwithstanding which, those Ikilfui English Workmen are not able to make their Work appear near so well as the Foreign Work, on Account of the Disadvantage arising from the Imperfection of the English Standard.

The Witness said, That he had been often under the Necessity of refilling many large Orders, because he was forbidden by Law, to make Work of the Standards that were fold'in Foreign Markets — That some of the said Orders came from France, some from Spain, and some from dilF.-rent Parts of America.

1 he Witness further informed your Committee, That different Persons in this Country had, notwithstanding the Laws now in being, made Work of Twenty Car-rats, and of'Eighteen Carrats fine; and that, in order to avoid t lie Penalties of the Statutes, they had fold the same as Metal, not daring to fell it as Gold; all which W< rk is always fold, without being either allayed or marked at Goldsmiths Hall.

That Work of Twenty Carrats fine had often been exported from this Country to France, under the Denomination of Metal, but had been fold in France, as being French Standard Gold.

And that different Kinds of Work made in this Country of Twenty Carrats fine (particularly Chains for Watches) had been preferred by the French to similar Kinds of Work made in their own Country, which shews the great Advantage the English would have, if they were allowed by Law to work Gold of a proper Standard.

The Witness added, That, if the Standard were lowered to that of -Geneva, the Exportation of Gold Wares to German})would be very considerable.

Mr. Thomas Jeffreys,

Mr. Mark Thome gay,

Mr. William Pickett, And

Mr. Andrew Hogg, being severally examined, confirmed all the principal Facts given in Evidence by Mr. Moriffet; and the said Witnesses agreed. That great Inconvenience arose to the Makers and Venders of Gold Wares in this Kingdom, from the great Multiplicity, as well as from the great Imperfection, of our Laws relative to this Branch of Business.

Mr. Thomas Jeffreys being further examined, said. That he was a Goldsmith and Shopkeeper in Cockfpnr Street; that his Customers had often objected to the English Gold Wares in respect to their Colour, Polish, Beauty in Point of Workmanship, and their extraordinary Price. That the great Weight of English Snuff Boxes, and other large Work, had been frequently objected to likewise. That it would be highly advantageous to the Persons concerned in vending, as well as to those concerned in manufacturing. Gold Wares, if the Prayer of the Goldsmiths Petition were complied with by Parliament.

Mr. Mark Thomegay, of Moor fields, being further examined, said, That he was a Working Goldsmith, and that some Years ago the Goldsmiths Company had relaxed in inflicting the Penalties incurred by making Gold Wares of an inferior Quality to the Standard of Twenty-two Carrats, at which Time his Father carried on a very considerable Trade in Gold Manufactures of Twenty Carrats fine to Foreign Parts; but, the Cora-20

pany having enforced the Laws against this Practice, his Father was obliged to decline a Branch of Business very profitable to himself as well as beneficial to this Kingdom.

The Witness informed your Committee, that Three Ounces of Eighteen Carrat Gold will go about as far, in manufacturing Gold Wares, as Four Ounces, or Four Ounces and One Quarter, of Gold of Twenty-two Carrats fine.

That the Manufacturers of Gold Wares in this Country with to have, not only a Standard of Eighteen Carrats fine, but also to have a Standard of Twenty Carrats fine; because Gold of Eighteen Carrats Standard, will not fell in France where the legal Standard is Twenty Carrats fine.

And that the Manufacturers of Gold Wares in this Country wish to have, besides the Standards of Eighteen Carrats and of Twenty Carrats, also, the present Standard of Twenty-two Carrats fine; inafmueh as Gold of Twenty-two Carrats fine is better adapted to enamelled Work and chafed Work, than Gold of any inferior Standard.

The Witness informed your Committee, That the Manufacturers are permitted by Law in this Kingdom, to work Gold in the Jewellers, and some other Branches of Business, of an inferior Quality to English Standard; and that in consequence, a very great Quantity of such Sort of Work is exported from this Country; but that in those Branches of the Goldsmith's Business, where the-English Workmen are obliged to make Use of Twenty-two Carrat Gold, there is little or no Work made for Exportation.

That he had been informed by his Correspondents in Holland, that they send to Paris instead of fending to England to purchase Gold Manufactures, on Account of the extraordinary Price of those made in England, which the Witness imputes entirely to the Difference between the Standards of this and of Foreign. Countries.

The Witness further said, That it was genera'ly reckoned that in making, polishing, and finishing of Gold Wares of Twenty-two Carrats fine, about Two Penny Weights of Gold were unavoidably wasted in -every Ounce; but that not more than One Penny Weight of Gold was wasted in every Ounce in the making, polishing, and finishing Gold of Eighteen Carrats fine.

That in many Cafes, the Labour of finishing and polishing Gold of the English Standard of Twenty-two Carrats was near Twice as great as the Labour of finishing and polishing Gold of the Geneva Standard.

Mr. William Pickett was then further examined, and said. That he was a Goldsmith and Shopkeeper upon. LudgateHill; that there are at present, in this Country, Two Standards, for Silver, the one of Eleven Ounces and Ten Penny Weights of fine Silver in the Pound Troy, which Silver is marked at the Hall with a Britannia; and the other Standard of Eleven Ounces and Two Penny Weights of fine Silver in the Pound Troy, which Silver is marked at the Hall with a Lion.

That little Silver, except of the inferior Standard, is manufactured in this Country; which proceeds from the Lion Silver being cheaper, harder, and more durable, than the Silver of an higher Standard; in like Manner as the Eighteen Carrat Gold is cheaper, harder, and more durable than Gold of a superior Standard.

And that the Lion Silver in this Country, is rather of an inferior Standard to the Silver manufactured in

France; that therefore, the Manufacturers of Silver in this Country, labouring under no Disadvantage in that Respect, have arrived to a greater Degree of Excellence, and have carried the Manufacture of Silver in this Kingdom to a greater Degree of Perfection than if is carried at Paris. And that English Silver Plate has a

great

a i Geo. III. 9 Aprilii397

great Preference in the Foreign Markets; which the Witness further fays, would also be the same with respect to the Gobi Manufactures of this Country, if the Goldsmiths were permitted here to manufacture Gold of Twenty and of Eighteen Carrats fine.

Mr . GedeonMacaire being examined, laid, That he

'was a Native of Geneva, and had been established in this Metropolis these Six Years last past, and that he was, by Prufellion, a Watch-case-maker.

That he was well acquainted with the Standards of France and Geneva; that the Standard of Geneva, for the Manufacture of Gold Wares, is Eighteen Carrats fine; but that the Standard for the Gold Coin of Geneva is Twenty-one Carrats fine — That the Standard of Paris, for the Manufacture of Gold Wares, is Twenty Carrats fine; but that the Standard for the Gold Coin in France, is Twenty-one Carrats and Three Quarters fine; but there being One Quarter of a Car-rat allowed in France to the Manufacturer of Gold Coin, for the Expence of Coinage, the Standard of the Gold Coin in France Hands nominally at Twenty-two Carrats fine.

This Witness further said, That he has been very conversant in working Gold of Eighteen Carrats fine; and that the Waste of Gold in iinishing and polishing of Work of Eighteen Carrats, is not above Half of what the Wade is in finishing and polishing of Gold of the EnglishStandard. And that in regard to the La-

bour in limilar Kinds of Work, it is not so great by One-third (and in some Cafes not so great by One-half) in the Eighteen Carrat Gold, as it is in thp Gold of the established Standard of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Skppjy A Petition of the Commissioners acting under the and Hat kney Authority of an Act of Parliament, made and palfed Coun of in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Ed.©id. Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act 41 for the more ealy and fjpeedy Recovery of Small " Debts within The Totver Hamlets," and of several other Householders and luhabitants of the said Hamlets, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by the said Act, the said Commissioners are authorized to take Cognizance of any Debt under Forty Shillings, sued for in the Court of Requests for The Tower Hamlets; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Bill now depending, for diminishing the Fees payable, and altering the Mode of Proceeding, in the Court of Record within the Manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, the Hamlets and Liberties of the fame, the Powers thereby created are to extend to any Debt above Thirty-nine Shillings, not exceeding a certain Sum therein to be mentioned; and that the Jurisdiction of the said Court of Record is of the same Extent with the Jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests; and there are divers Clauses in the said Bill, which, if the same should pass into a Law, would not only interfere with the Powers of the said Court of Requests, but would be very prejudicial to the Inhabitants of the said Tozcer Hamlets in general; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that an extensive Credit to the lower Order of People would be attended with very mischievous Consequences, and particularly in the said Tower Hamlets, by reason of the numerous Manufacturers and labouring Poor residing in the fame, and that no Benefit can accrue to the Public, by extending the Powers of the said Court, held for the said Manors of Stepney and Hackney: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as may be necessary; and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now (lands.

VOL. 38.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel; before the said Committee, upon their .'etition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time> in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Anguish and Mr-Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ligle for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Harrowd* Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in nc 0 are* the Parish of Little Harrotoden, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also.

The I-ordshave palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Page's veiling Part of the Freehold Estates in the County of Estates. Kent, devised by the Will of Sir Gregory Page, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to sell the same, for discharging Incumbrances, and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the like Uses, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Fairfa*'# confirm and establish an Agrdfement for cancelling and ®®ate*4 making void a Settlement of certain Manors, Messuages,

Lands, and Hereditaments, in the North Riding of the County of York, the Estates of the honourable Ann Fairfax, Spinster; and for making another Settlement of the same Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, to the Uses mentioned in such Agreement; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House *

And also.

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Henley*# naturalizing Dorothy Hannah Lou Harriot Henley, ^at*

the Wife of William Henley, Esquire; to which tho Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Lam- Winfarthing mas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Winfarthing, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Winfarthing, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir Edward AJlley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House .^>1* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Marine AckU upon the Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, which relate to the reducing the Duties on foul Salt used for Manure, to foul Salt to be used in making Marine Acid and fixed Folfil, or Mineral Alkali, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Com* njittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Adam took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Adam reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

5 I to

Coventry

Election.

Office?

and

Employments.

Halifax Road, fro.a Southgate, *c.

Leeds

to

Otiey

Road.

398 90 Aprilis. 1781.

to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for the better regulating Elections of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of Coventry, in the County of Warwick, was, according to Order, read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

ral Roads, so far as relates to the Road from Leeds to Otiey, in the West Riding of the County of York, Was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true > and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify such Personsas have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register, or deliver in, their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omit ted to be damped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Burke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for veiling Part of a certain Close, called Shack Field, otherwise Vicar's Field, Parcel of the Lands belonging to the Vicarage of Halifax, in the County of York, in Truliees, for the Purpose of making a convenient Road from a Street called Southgate, in the Town of Halifax, over and through the said Close, to the Public Hall lately erected in the said Town of Halifax, called The Manufacturer's and to

enable the Vicar of the Parish of Halifax, and his Successors, to grant Building Leases of the other Parts of the said Close; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Strahan reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing feve-

*9

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account Account of the Money remaining in the Exchequer on f ti»< the 5th Day of April 1781, for the Disposition of Par- ^pund? liament, of the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus UQ Monies, of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, after satisfyingall the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account Account of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of of His Majesty's Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1781# on the Two Sevenths Excise granted by an Act of Parliament of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen M ry, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, for the Half Year then ended.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Money that remained in the Receipt of Duties on His Majesty's Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1781, W ine*

of the Duties on Wines granted by an Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for paying Annuities on Angle Lives pursuant to the said Act, after reserving sufficient to satisfy the several Annuities to the 5th Day of January 1781.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Money that remained in the Receipt of Davies on His Majesty's Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1781, of the Duties on Glass, for paying Annuities on Lives, granted by an Act of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, after reserving sufficient to satisfy the several Annuities to the 5th Day of January 1781.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fairfax's to confirm and establish an Agreement for canoe ling Estates. and making void a Settlement of certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the North Riding of the County of York, the Estates of the honourable Ann Fairfax, Spinster; and for making another Settlement of the same Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, to the Uses mentioned in such Agreement, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Verdigrease a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the M»nufaaory. Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John William Anderson, John,

and William Bartlett, Merchants and Proprietors of the Works established at Newnham in Gloucestershire, for the Manufacture of Verdigrease, was referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hu (fey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Huffeyreported from the Committee, That they

had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered,

Ways and Means.

Supply.

State of the East India Company.

A cconnt of Raft-india Afiets.

Way* and Meins.

21 Geo. III. 9* — io

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Jtesolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read j and are as followelh; viz.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Two Pence be charged upon fevery Almanack or Calendar lor one particular Year, or for any Time less than a Year, printed on One Side only of any One Sheet or Piece of Paper.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Almanack or Calendar made to serve for several Years, the said additional Duty be charged for every such Year, not exceeding Three Years.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Qnelxion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Ord, the Lord North, and Sir Grey Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they bad come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whule House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday the 15th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the present State of the East India Company, the proper Method of governing and managing the Territorial Aequisitions and Revenues now in their Possession, and of securing to the Public a jull Proportion of the Profits arising therefrom.

Ordered, That the proper Officer of the East India Company do lay before this House, an Account of the Value of the Assets in the India-House, and on their Passage to England, at the Time when the Company reduced their Dividend to Six per Cent.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Aprilis. 399.

Resolved, That this House will, upon* Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee,

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply Bill > whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the pirefent ^,ies ott Duties upon Paper, Pasteboards, Millbqards, and Scale- aPer*

boards, made in Great Britain, and for granting other -Duties in lieu thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend* men ts thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-njorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clopk.

Martisy io* die Aprilis;

Anno 210 Georgii IIPU Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Grey be added to the Gen- Cro flon tlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring inclosure; in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of, and Persons ioterested in, the Open Fields, Lands, Meadows, and Commonable Places of and belonging to Cropfion, in the Parish of and County of Leicester, on Behalf of themselves and ''

all other Persons interested therein.

Mr. Grey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, and other uninclosed Lands, Meadows, and Commonable Place*, of and belonging to Crop-ston, in the Parift 6f Thurcasion, and County of Lei-qefier: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Speer, from the Account «f Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called hi; DispoGtion and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to of Grant*, their Order,

An Account, ffierwinghow the Money given for the Service of the Year 1780 has been disposed of, distin-guished under the several Heads, until the iothDay of April 17S1, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

" And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account Was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

An ACCOUNT, thewinghow the Money given-for the Service of the Year 1780 has been disposed of, Minguished under the several Heads, until the 10th Day of April £>

1781, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon. ' O

SERVICES.

‘For Wages, and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 85,000 Men, including 18,779 Marines, from the 1st

Day of January 1780 ....

I For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1780 - -

*£ ' Towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty's Yards, and other extra Works, over and above what are preposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1780 Towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy.....- - .

9. i.

4.199.000 ——

385,381 7 7

697,903 ——

1.500.000 — —

Sums voted.

£. #. d.

6,782,284 7 7

Sams paid*

£ d-6,777>634 *8 10*

Remains to be paid.

£ 4^51 81

g f For Ordnance Sea Service - - 921,000 — —

c j For Ordnance Land Service - - - . - - - . 458,136 9 11

c j For defraying the Expences of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament,

in the Year 1779 - .....- 591,466 — 11

1,27 0,60a 10 10

1,270,60a 10 10

For defraying the Charge of 35,005 eflfe&ive Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Jcrjbfy and Guernsey, for the Year 1780 ——

For maintaining His Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Africa, and the East Indies, including those in Garrison at Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, the West Indies, and Africa, for the Year 1780 ——

For the Pay of General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1780 -

For defray ing the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain, and of Four Regiments of Fencible Men in North Britain, for the Year 1780 ——

For defraying the Charge of additional Companies, and Additional, to the Embodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year

1779 ..... - ....

For defraying the Charge of the Cloathiig of the Embodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year 1780

For defraying the Charge of the New Levies ordered to be raised for the Service of the Year 1780 ——

For defraying the Charge of the New Levies, from the Commencement of their respective Establishments to the 24th Day of De» c ember 1779 ——

For defraying the Charge of additional Companies, and Additional, to the Embodied Militia in South Britain, including Cloathing, for the Year 1780 ——

To make good the Deficiency on the Pay of Additional Companies, and Additional, to the Embodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year 1779 ——

For defraying the Charge of Lieutenant Colonel Fullarton*s Corps, from the 24th of February 1780 to the 24th of December following ——

For defraying the Charge of One additional Troop, with a Lieutenant Colonel, to Lieutenant Colonel Holrqyd*s Corps of Light Dragoons, for 366 Days, to 24th of December 1780 -

For defraying the Charge of Major General Rainsford's Regiment of Foot, from the 24th of February 1780 to the 24th of December following ——

For defraying the Charge of Lieutenant Colonel HumberJlone*s Corps, from the 24th of February 1780 to the 24th of December following ——

For the reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1780 ——

For defraying the Charge of Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1780 ——

Towards defraying the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1780 ——

For defraying the Charge of 5 Hanoverian Battalions of Foot at Gibraltar and Minorca, and for Provisions for the 3 Battalions of the said rloops at Gibraltar, for the Year 1780- - -

For defraying the Charge of 13,472 Men, of the Troops of the Landgrave of UeJJ'e Cassel, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year 1780..... ——

For defraying the Charge of 2 Regiments of Hanau, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year 1780 For defraying the Charge of a Regiment of Foot of iValdech, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year 1780

946,'76 3 5

1,418,059 1 2 44,875 8 3

653*926 2 —

8,943 13 8 96,183 4 2 258,206 18 —

30,296 16 S

11,71a 9 6

468 15 8

8.623 17 6 3*179 12 6

12,929 9 2

8.623 17 6

82,905 2 —

608 6 6

87,718 ——

56,228 11 11J

367,892 19 4 35,5io 19 9

*7,529 11 9

10" Jprilis. A. 1781.

o

CO

09

"For defraying the Charge of 4,300 Men, the Troops of the refgning Duke of Brtm/ivicfe, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year 1780 - -

For defraying the Charge of 1,447 Men, the Troops of the Margrave of Brandebourg An Jpach, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year 1780 ——

For defraying the Charge of a Corps of Foot of Anhalt Zerbjl, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year

1780 ----- ----- -r ——

For defraying the Charge for Provifwns for the Foreign Troops serving in Worth America, in the Pay of Great Britain, for the Year

1780 -..... ——

For defraying the Charge of Artillery for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, for the Year 1780

Towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, incurred between the 31st Day of January 1779 and the ift Day of February 1780, and not provided for by Parlia-

meat

From which deduct the following Sums granted towards satisfying the same; vit.

The Amount of the several Sums arising from Stoppages for Provisions for the Detachment of Artillery in North America ——

Savings remaining of the Grant for the Charge of the New Levies ordered to be raised for the Year 1780 -

Savings of the Sums voted by Parliament for the Pensions of Widows of Officers of the Army,

in 1775, 1776, 1777, 1778, and 1779.....-

Savings occasioned by Deaths and Promotions of the Half Pay of reduced Officers of the Army, from the 25th of June 1767 to the 24th of December 1779 -

The Amount of the Sums ordered to be reserved in the Hands of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, out of the Monies voted for the Subsistence of an Augmentation to sundry Regiments of Foot, in the Year 1779, pursuant to His Majesty's Warrant

c

d.

94,'73 12 4i

39,718 18 >£

16,661 6 4f

48,801 10 6

*7*74i 10

2,418,805 18 lljl

£ ' H-405 1*

20,717 7

113>998 7

d.

6

4

4'

10,000 — —

48,300 ——

207,421 1$ 2

4ft

O cq‘ r-H-

n' CD CL cr < 0 i '5 e «,

0

0 *0 «e

P

fT

2,211,384 5 91

To the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seat, to be applied in affixing them in arrying on their Trade -Towards enabling the Trustees of the British Museum to carry on the Execution of the Trusts reposed in them by Parliament - -

For the Expences of the New Roads of Communication, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 1780 -

For maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1780 s- ——

For the Charges of the Civil Establishment of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1779 to the 24th of

June 1780 ----- ----- ....

For the Charges of the Civil Establishment of EuJ Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1779 lo the 24th of

June 1780 - -- -- -....

For the Charges of the Civil Establishment of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1779 to the 24th of June 1780 ——

For the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John in America, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the ift of January 1780 to the ift of January 1781 - - - - _ -

For the Expences attending General Surveys of His Majesty's Dominions in North America, for the Year 1780 - - - - -

For repairing, maintaining, and supporting, the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa ——

Towards carrying on the Buildings at Somerset Hovfe, for the Y'e&r 1780, granted £. 25,000, but satisfied with - -

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum, which has been issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses - -

To replace the like Sum, which has been issued by His Majesty's Orders to Mr. Duncan Campbell,-for the Expence of confining, maintaining* and employing, Convicts on the River Thames - - -: - - - - , — . - -

To make good the like Sum, which has been issued by His Majesty's Orders, to be applied for the Relief and Benefit of sundry American Civil Officers, and others, who have fuflfered on account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Government - -"To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anno 1758, on the 5th Day of July 1779 - - - - " - - - - -.

To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Amo 1778, on the 5th Day of July 1779 - - -. - *

To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anno on the 5th Day of July 1779 - J - -

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted for the Service of the Year 1778, at Lady Day 1780 .

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1778, 2d. Michaelmas, 1780 - - *- - - . ' - _ 1

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants, for the Service of the Year 1779 - - - -, . - - - . - - - . ~ j *

Towards the extraordinary Expence of His Majesty's Mint, pursuant to an Act 9* Georgii 3tl* k - V - ' I

6,589,080 3 7f

10.000 — —

3,500 ——

<5,997 4 3 4,796 10 5

2,866 ——

3>95° ——

3,900 ——

3,150 ——

1,832 5 —

13.000 -

13,734 16 3*

15,700 -

M>348 2 1 9

' ' 1 -- I

r 57,910 12

37,37* 18 ' 9I

33*,l56 ,4 5£

167,036 ,

*53,334 18 7 *<&,475 >6 , 9; 300,687 — 1 7

12,010 7 g

6,589,080 3 7!

10,000 ——

3,500 ——

6,997 4 3 4,796 10 5

2,866 ——

3,950 ——

3,150 ——

1,832 5 — 13,000 — — 13,734 16 ,31 15,700 ——

>4.3+8 2 9

57.9>o M —

37.37, 18 9|

332,856 5i

67.036 ,4 >53,334 18 I ,1

300,6^7 >2,010 7-, g

L

o

w

o

Hi

3,900 — —

<pwp.*0

Tojpay off* and discharg* the pwndpat Sum of £. 1,503*066 iw EkeKeajaer BfHi, made out By virtue of an Act 19* Ocoagii first Aids granted for the Service of tile Year 1760; together with the Inteucft and Chaikas attending the fame

and cHarged upon Rie

To pay off* and discharge the principal Sunn of £. 1,90^000 in' Exchequer Bid!*, made out by virtue of one other, AcLi9* Georgii. 3tl1,..and charged upon the first Aids granted for tie Service of the Y^r 17S0; together with the Interest ancf Charges attending the fame. -To pay off' and discharge the principal Sum of £. 1,000,000 in Eschequer Bills* made out by virtue of one other Act & Qeongii 3tl1* and charged upop^ the first Aids granted for the Serviceof the Ye* 1780; together with the Interest and Charge* attending the fame. -

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be By them distributed and paid to aadajaeogft the Proprietors of the several fortunate Tickets in the Lottery established by'an Act 20* Georgii 3*1 ——

For Discount on prompt Payments, after the Rate of £. 3 perCcnlvm fen Amato, to the ConfcriWor* of £ 1*4*00,000 for A no ui ties, and, £. +to&oo for a Lottery - - - - . - -.*'» - - - - _ - - . - .

To the Bank of England, for receiving* paying, and accountiagfor, the £wd £. 12,000,000, and £..$80*000* t*. * . /* . - -

To enable His Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expeoce* incurred, or to-be incurred, oa account of Military or Ordnance Service*, for the. Service of the Year 1780, and to take all such Meafdres as the Ekigency of Affairs may require ——

Wherrof iffaed te the Pay matter General of His Majesty's Force* - - - - - - j£. 960,000 7

More to the Twaforar of the Ordnance - - - 100,000)

Total of Ways and Mean* toward*answering -the Service* - - £

Deficiency _ £

- t ' 1 - '.I

-»|5«o,5P» t *1*560,500 j

*»933' $|

' . i(,027,*W S *,027,268 a j.

- 480,00* — " "T 1 480,000

101,499 $ 3 s

1 I 1 10,669 10 — 10,669 10 —

,000,000 — — !'

1,000,000 —

*i, 186,470 9i a»i‘77,9»9 *

3t,i77,9»g - i

.. S,ss7^~»

4.

®1551 8 8*

£. „ a

e,000,000 ——

750.000 ——

12,000,000 — —

480.000 ——

a5».457 18 — I *,849.54.3 11

3*76' >3 4i

*5,560 ——

91 5 *

3.000 — —

10,506 5 2

5.000 -

1,500,000 ----- -1

1,900,000 --

1,000,coo — —

*2,177,919 2

8.551 8 8i

£. 22,186,470 10 9*

WAYS and MEANS towardsaeftrewug the Services;

By 4#* per Lib. on Laud*

By the Doty on Malt continued Anno 1783.

By Annuities.

By Lottery.

By disposeable Money of the Sinking Fund on the 5th of April 1780.

Out of the future Produce of the said Sinking Fund.

Remaining in the Exchequer for the Disposition of Parliament.

Remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th of April 1780, of tho Deductions of 6d. in the Pound out of all Monies paid upon all Salaries, Penfioos, and Annuities, Stc. from the Crown.

Out of the Duties upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic.

Out of Money on account of Sale of Lands, fyo. in the Ceded Islandvv Money remaining in the Exchequer unapplied lor the Late Marine Regiments, T>V granted towards building a Lazaret.

By Exchequer Rills, to be charged on the next Aids to be granted in Parliament* By Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the next Aids to be granted in Parliament. By Exchequer Bills, to bs charged on the ue*t Aids to be granted in Parliament.

Deficiency of Ways and Meant*

a.

tTemdum.

The Arrears of former Supplies remaining unpaid, fr Money 5* provided/

are as follow; viz.

For the Late African Company's Creditors

For Georgia Bills, Rest due of £. 15,496. 19s. ljd. *

£. *. S.

- 900 12 10

- 57Q *7 7*

£.1,471 10 5i

i kfenled this loth Day of April 1781#

W. Spec ft

*8"* r

Account of the Sinking Fund.

Account of the a-7*hs E*cife.

1i Geo. IIL iS'.ApriHs. 403

, . 1 *,

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the An Account of the Money that remained in the AlC01V^ of

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer ou the 5th Day of

April 1781, of the Duties on Wines granted by an

The House being informed that Mr. Hughfon, from Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late

the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called Majesty, for paving Annuities on tingle Lives pursuant

in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the said Act, after reserving sufficient to satisfy the

to their Orders, several Annuities to the 5th Day of 1781:

An Account of the Money remaining in the Exche- And also,

quer on the $th Day of April 1781, for the Disposition An Account of the Money that remained in the Re- Account of

of Parliament, of the Snrplusses, Excesses, ana Over- ceipt of His Majesty's Exchequer on the 5th Day of Duties on

plus Monies, of the Fund commonly called The Sink- April 1 y8 i, of the duties on Olafs, for. paving An- GlaU-

tng fund, after satisfying all the Charges and lncum- nuitieson Lives, granted by an Act of the Nineteenth

brances thereupon: And also. Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, after reserving

An Account of the Money remaining in the Receipt jsufficient to satisfy the several Annuities to the 5th Day

of His Majesty's Exchequer on the 5th Day of April of January 1781.

1781, on the Two-Sevenths Excise granted by an Act And then lie withdrew.

of Parliament of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the And. the Titles of the said Accounts were read;

Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen The said Accounts are as followethj viz.

Mary, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon for the Half Year then ended; And V

all'o.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Money remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of , for theDiF

petition of Parliament, of the Surpluses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, of the Fund coipftionly called Tht Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon;

The Money remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1781, for the Disposition of Parliament, of The Sinking Fund, after satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, amounts to the Sum of Seven hundred Filty-leven thousand and Eighty-seven Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten Pence.

Exchequer, the 10th Day 1781.

John Hug»

4

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1781, on the Two-Sevenths Excise granted by an Act of Parliament of the Fifth and Sixth "Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon for the Half Year then ended.

s.

Calli remaining in the Exchequer the 5th Day of April 1781 - - - - 47,053 *4 8f

Jt. s. d.

The Charge for the Half Year then ended »--. 9.481 19 ii

Surplus of the Half Year's Produce, carried to The Aggregate / jmrf purlhaiit

to the Act of the First of Georgy the First 13,863 3 8£

----- ----- ---- *3»345 *

Calli remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of A 1781, after satisfying the several

Charges and Incumbrances thereupon for the Half Year then ended *' £ ^,708 11 io£

IT If IT ill1-

Exchequer, John Hughjon,

the 10th Day of April 17814

Vol. 384

0

IO" Aprilis,

A. iySi

404

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Money that remained in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer on the sth Day of April 1781, of the Duties bn Wines granted by an Act of tlje Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for paying Annuities on single Lives pursuant to the said Act, after reserving sufficient to satisfy the several Annuities to the 5th Day of January 1781.

The Money remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1781, of the Duties on Wines granted by an Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for paying Annuities on single Lives pursuant to the said Act, after reserving sufficient to satisfy the several Annuities to the 5th Day of Jamaiy 1781, amounts to the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, John Hugh/on.

the 10th Day of April 17S1.

dBL

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Money that remained in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1781, of the Duties on Glass, for pay ing Annuities on Lives, granted by an Act of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, after reserving sufficient to satisfy the several Annuities to the 5th Day of January 1781.

The Money that remained in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 178of the Duties on Glass, for paying Annuities on Lives, granted by an Act of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, after reserving sufficient to satisfy the several Annuities to the 5th Day of January 1781,

amounts to the Sum of Fifty-six thousand PoundB.

Exchequer, the 10th Day of 1781.

John Htigfjbn.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Gold The House, according to Order, resolved itself into used by a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Re* Toymen, port which was made from the Committee, to whom *c* the Petition of the Goldsmiths, Toymen, Watchmakers,

Cafemakers, Chainmakers, Small Workers in Gold, Chafers, and other Persons concerned in the manufacturing or vending of Gold Wares, residing within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Polhill took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Polhill reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Polhill accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Ad Of Parliament, all the Laws now in being relative to the mami-faduring or vending of Gold within this Kingdom; and for ascertaining and settling the Standards for the Manufacture of Gold Wares.

And

Salt tiled in making Marine Acid.

Mark

Inclosure.

Expiring

lAws.

ai Geo. III. 10° Apriilis. 40

And Mr. Polhill moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BH1 to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, all the Laws now in being, relative to the ttia-nnfacturing or vending of Gold within this Kingdom; and for ascertaining and settling the Standards for the Manufacture of Gold Wares; And. that Mr. the Lord Mahon, Mr. HuJJinj, Mr. William Pitt, Mr. Parry, Mr. de Grey, and Sir George do

prepare and bring in the fame.

Mr. Adam, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, which relate to the reducing the Duties on foul Salt used for Manure, to foul Salt to be used in making Marine Acid and fixed Follil or Mineral Alkali, was Committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled,

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, called Mark Moor, otherwise Thurll Moor, Mark Liberty Moor, otherwise Yonder Moor, and Foie Moors and Commons, situate within the Parish of Mark, in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true, and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and had also given their Consent to the adding of Two other Commissioners to the Bill (except the Owners of Common Rights, who consented, but would not sign the Bill; and also except the Owners of 6 Common Rights and an Half, who are under legal Disability; and also except the Owners of 143 Common Bights and Three Quarters, some of whom were not applied to, and others who, upon Application, could not be met with, or who were unknown; and also except the Owners of 39 Common Rights, who objected to the Inclosure; anil that the whole Number of Common Rights is 1,084, exclusive of the Lord of the Soil, and the Impropriator of the Tythes, and his Lessee, who have also signed their Consent; and thatno Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was ollered to be added to the Bill, declaring, that the Payments for Moor Metes shall not prejudice or asseft the Rights of any Person.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be m.ide Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near

Vol. 38.

expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had made a further Enquiry, and had come to several other Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutiofts of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committed, That so much of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled; " An Act " for opening and establishing certain Ports in the " Islands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free " Importation and Exportation of certain Goods arid " Merchandizes; for granting certain Duties to defray " the ExpenceS of opening, maintaining; securing, and improving, such Ports; for ascertaining the Duties " to be paid upon the Importation of Goods from the " said Bland of Dominica into this Kingdom; and " for securing the Duties upon Goods imported from " the said Bland into any other British CcAony," as relates to the opening and establishing certain Free Ports in the Bland of Jamaica, which was to continue in Force until the lft Day of November 1773, and frotn thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by another Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, was continued until the lft Day of November 1780, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to allowing the free Importation of Sago Powder and Vermicelli into this Kingdom, from His Majesty's Colonies in North America, for a limited Time, which was to continue in Force until the 1 ft Day of 1781, is

near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year o' the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the fret Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America, which was to continue in Force for Five Years, from the ill Day of June 1769, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by another Act,-made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was continued from the Expiration thereof for the further Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to His Majesty's " Sugar Colonies in America, and to the Hland of Saint " Helena, and to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of " The East Indies, and of Biscuit and Pease to " Joundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Clialeur, and Labrador} " and for indemnifying all Persons, with respect to advising or carrying into Execution His Majesty's Orders of Council already made, for allowing the Exportation of Wheat and other Articles," as relates to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, which was to continue in Force until the lit Day o f January 1777, and which, by several Acts, made in the Seventeenth, Eighteenth, Nineteenth, and Twentieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was continued until the lft Day of 1781, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to al-

5 L lowing

-by

Importation of Flax,

& c.

Teller Lane Road.

4016 i o° Ap. A. 1781.

lowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum llii piped as Stores to be constimed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages, which was to be in Force for Two Years, from the ift Day of April 1779, is expired, and fit to be revived ami continued

'Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of Corn

*f and Grain in Ships the Property of Persons of any " Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty," which was to be in Force until the 25th Day of March 1781, is expired, and fit to be revived and continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " allow the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares, " and Merchandise, from Great Britain to certain " Towns, Ports, or‘Places, in North America, which " are or may be under the Protection of His Majesty's " Artns, and ‘from such Towns, Ports, or Places, to " Great Britain-, and other Parts of His Majesty's-Do-

" minions,'' which was to be in Force until the rft -Day of June is near expiring, and fit to be

continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to im-

power His Majesty to :prohibit the Exportation, " and to restrain the carrying Coastwise of Copper " in Bars, -dr Copper in Sheets, for a limited Time," which was to continue in Force until the rft Day of -May 1781, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The FiHi, Second, Third, Fifth, and Sixth Refoln-tions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were.postponed.

The Fourth, Seventh, and Eighth Resolutions of -the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the Fourth, Seventh, and Eighth Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Ord, and Sir Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be dn Instruction to the Committee , of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of the Acts mentioned in the First, Second, Third, Fifth, and Sixth Resolutions of the£ud Committee, and which have been pollponed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Pec hell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords h&ve agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to permit the Importation of Flax and Flax Seed into this Kingdom or Ireland, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity With His Majesty, navigated with Foreign Mariners, during the present 1 loftilities; without any Amendment.

And then the Mcflfengers withdrew.

Air. Hart ley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending " and widening the Roads from the West End of " Toller Lane, near Bracf/hrtl, through in the County of York, to a Place called Blue Bell, near " Colne, in tile County of Lancaster, and from a Place " called The Two Laws, to Kighley, in the said County " of York," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and fouhtl that the Standing'Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, ted been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and bad ditcfted him to report the same, os it appeared to them, to the HoUfe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the "Clerk's Table: Where the same was read: and is as folleweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said 'Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Rowland Waif on informed your Committee, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which (till remain dtfe, and the same cannot be paid off, and the Roads kept in good Repair, tmleifs the Term of the said Act be further continued, and some Amendments made therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and amending an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads from the West End of Toller Lane, near Bradford, through Haworth, in she County of Tor k,to a Place called near Colne, in the County of Lancaster, and from a Place Called The Two Laxot, to Kig/tky, in the said County of York: And that Mr. and Sir George Savi/e do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hartley reported from the-Cotnmittee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing, " widening, and amending, the Road from Cocking End, " near Addinghuln, in the West Ridin? of the County of York, through Kiidxvick, to Black Lane End, in the County Palatine of Lancaster," was referred; That the Comitiittee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; anti lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: 'And,

Mr. Edward Dixon, Clerk to the Trustees, informed

yoor Committee, That the said Act has been put in Execution, and a considerable Sum of Money borrow-

' y

ed, which has been applied in amending the said Hoad; that the Sum of £. 1,000, and upwards, now remains due, which cannot be paid off, nor the said Hoad kept in Repair, utiless the Term of the fakl Act be further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, widening, And amending, the Road from Cocking End, near Adding/iam, in the West Riding of the County--of York, through Kildwick, to Black Lane End, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Mr. Hartley and Sir George Savile do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon Wednesday last, for taking into Consideration, upon Saturday the 4th Day of August next, the Petition of Robert Foster, Efipiire, complaining of an undue Hec-tion and Ketarn for the Town of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, might be read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House* being informed, that Mr. Foster was delirous to withdraw his fakl Petition;

.And

Cockinfc End through K 5 id wick Road.

Newark T rent Ecdion.

21 Geo. III.

And one of the Sitting Members, in his iftace, haying acquainted the House, that he consented, for himself and the other Sitting Member, to the withdrawing of the said Petition;

Ordered, That the said Order for taking the said Petition into Consideration, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Rob&rt Fofier, Esquire, have Leave to withdraw his said Petition.

407

Mr, S6'ctetary $t 'War ‘^r^iWedWihe WoWe,' by ;HisMkj6fty's C6mmmid,

Estimate of the Charge of T6fty^depehident1 Companies of Foot, to be raised from 25th March 1781 to 24th December following, both iftiliiflvfc, being 275 bays.

And the‘Title of the said ‘Eftiibate Mis read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; vix.

i6*jfprttb.

Estimate of new raised

Corty,

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Forty Independent Companies of Foot, to be raise&'jfrriih 25 th March 1781 to 24th December following, both incliilive,; being 275 Days.

Numbers. Pay of the Companies, &c. Total.

One Independent Company of Foot, from 25th MdMi 1781 to 24th December following, both inclUliVe, t £ I £. s. '.

being 275 Days, at £. 5. 5. 8. per diem - - - -Thirty-nine Independent Companies more, each of the like Numbers and Rates as the Company above-mentioned, for the same Time Towards wlribh may bfe applied the Sum of £. 51,747. 1*7. 6. being Savings on the Charge of several Augmentations to His Majesty's Forces, for "4! 4.446 4,560 1.4 52 18 4; 56,663 15 — r i 58,116 13 4

the Year 1779 - -- 51.747 l7 6

Remains to be provided for by Parliament - - - - r - £ 6,36s 15 10

War Office,

10th April, 1781,

C. Jenkinson.

Ordered, That the Taid Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Importation The House was moved, that an Act, made in the of Goods Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Levanto "dituled, " An Act to permit Goods, the Product or van' " Manufacture of certain Places within the Levant or " Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Bri-u tain or Ireland, in British or Foreign Vessels, from "any Place whatsoever; and for laying a Duty on " Cotton and Cotton Wool imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

| Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House. to conficler of the said Act.

jto.irbndgc a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and cn-I Road* larging the Powers, of so muc h of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for I amending and widening the Road from the Market

I House in Stourbridge to Colly Gate in Crudity, and from Pedmore to Holly Had, and from Colly Gast to

IHalefoxcen, and from, the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood to Rednail Green, in the Parish of King's Norton, and from Carter's Lane to The Bell Inn at North field, Vol. 38.

in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, as relates to the Road from Dudley Wood to Radnal Greta, and from Carter's Lane to The Bell Inn at Nortlifield, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lofd IVejicote, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in fheSix- Exportatioa teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- of Bugles,&c. tituled, " An Act for allowing further Time for the Exportation of, or Payment of the Duties upon, Bugles,

" when warehoused upon Importation into this Kingdom; to impower the Commissioners of the Customs to order all Bonds relative to that Revenue, upon which " no Prosecutions have been had for the Space of Five " Years (except Bonds for Duties, and for the good 4< Behaviour of Officers in the Execution of their Duty)

"to he destroyed; and for repealing the Duties upon " Feather Beds imported into this Kingdom; and for "charging the same with the like Duties as are payable upon Feathers for Beds," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eoniider of so much of the said Act as relates to allowing

Nat.

sage'k

Estatei.

Sttpply.

Supply Bill Duties on P*per.

408 xb9 Apfitis. . 1781.

lowing further Time for the Exportation of, or Payment of the Duties upon. Bugles, when warehoused upon Importation into this Kingdom

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Dorothy Hannah Harriot Hen-

ley, the Wife of William > Esquire, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Freehold Estates in the County of Kent, devised by the Will of Sir Gregory Page, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to sell the same, for discharging Incumbrances, and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the like Uses; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House, which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Annual Sum of One thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to be divided and paid, iu equal Sums of Five hundred Pounds each, to the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, respectively, in lieu of the Money paid to the said Universities by the Company of Stationers of the City of London, for the Privilege of printing Almanacks.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Annual Sum of One thousand Pounds be paid out of the Monies arising by the additional Duties on Almanacks granted in this Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions which were Yesterday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the Resolutions now agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General, Sir William Dolben, Mr John Townshend, and Mr. Page, be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepane, and bring in, the said Bill.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the present Duties upon Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, made in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register, or deliver in, their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Elzoes, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition o {John Fenton, Esquire; and also the Petition

of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being In-Burgesses, Inhabitants within, and Electors of Representatives to serve in Parliament for, the Borough oLPrefion, in the County of Lancaster, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That John Burgoyne, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Prefion, in the County Palatine of

And the said Determination was ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Mr. Elzoes also reported from the said Select Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and the Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it being the Opinion of this Committee, That the Resolution of the 18 th 1661,

by which all the Inhabitants of the Borough of Preston are declared to have Voices in the Election, is a last Determination, within the meaning of the Act 2 Geo. II.: But, it being also the Opinion of the Committee, That such a Right of Election is too indefinite;

Resolved, That the Chairman be directed to move for Leave to bring in a Bill to ascertain the Description of Inhabitants who shall, for the future, have Voices in the Election; humbly recommending it to the House, that the Right be confined to all In-Burgesses resident, and to all other Inhabitants Householders, paying Scotland Lot.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Weeks, the First Day of May next.

Ordered, That the Minutes of the Proceedings, taken before the said Select Committee, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do attend this House, upon this Day Three Weeks, the First Day of May next, with the Charters, Books, Polls, Returns, and other Papers, which were read in Evidence before the said Select Committee.

A Bill

Offices aw! Employ, mem*.

Preflo*

Elccuoa*

J

2i Geo. III.

io* — 11° Aprilis.

Kington a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and-Com-inclosure. rnon Meadows, Pastures, and other Common-

able Land, within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Worcesterwas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Hopkins, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Papers Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies resptdling of all Consultations and Correspondence concerning the East India Public and Private Debts of the Nabob of Arcot, from Affairs. t|ie fjrQ. Dispatches received from Madra/s by the Court of Directors of the East India Company, in the Year 1774, to the last Dispatches received from thence inclusive.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List ofall the private Persons claiming Property in the' said Debt; distinguishing the Principal Money and the Interestdue to each Creditor severally, together with the Transactions on which the said Debts have been incurred.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the net Produce of the Revenues held by the Nabob of Arcot, in the Years 1777 and 1780.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums which ought Annually to be paid by the Nabob of Arcot, to the India Company, for Troops, or otherwise.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Charges of the Military Establishment of the Nabob of Arcot ,distinguishing the Numbers on the said Establishment, the Time when the said Military Establishment commenced, and the State of the same in each Year severally.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies,: of all Correspondence and Consultations concerning the said Military Establishment, and the Garrisoning the Fortresses in the Nabob's Territories.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Treaties and Grants to and with the Nabob of Arcot, and the other Country Powers, relative to the Settlement and Succession of the said Nabob, and his Successors, in The Carnatics together with £opies of all Correspondence touching the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Payments made by, and Sums due or claimed to be due from, the King of Tanjore to the East India Company, or private Persons.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Proceedings in the Court of Directors, or in the Council of Madra/s, relative to the said Debts, and Claims of Debt, together with the Sums received or to be received from the Territory of Tanjore, on account of the Company; and Copies of the Correspondence and Consultations relative to the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Correspondence, Consultations, and other Documents, concerning the Acquisition and Disposal of the' Territory called The Guntour Circar.

409 .

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Three Pence per Pound Weight be laid upon all common Verdigrease imported into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of One Shilling per Pound Weight be laid upon all crystallized Verdigrease imported into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the said respective Duties be liable to the additional Duty or Charge of Five Pounds per Centum, charged by an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Rolte, Mr. Baring, and Sir William Guise, do prepare, and bring, in the fame.

Ordered, That Sir Harbord Harbord have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the Order made Yesterday, for the House to re- Coventry solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, To- e ,on‘ morrow Morning, upon the Bill for the better regulating Elections of Citizens to serve in Parliament lor the City of Coventry, in the County of Warwick, being, read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Fortnight, the 27th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 11° die Apr ills;

Anno ax* GeorgiiHl*11 Regis, 1781.

Praters.

ABI L L for the more effectually securing to the Greenwich Royal Hospital for Seamen, at Greenwich, all Hospital forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prize and Bounty Money, and to compel the more speedy Payment thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

night, the.24th Day, of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Verdigrease Ordered, That Mr. Rolle do make the Report from An ingrossed BUI for veiling Part of a certain Close, Hal;sex Manufactory. the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was called otherwise Parcel of the Roadfronl

referred to consider of the Report which was made Lands belonging to the Vicarage of in the Southgate,

from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John County of York, in Trustees, for the Purpose of mak-William Anderson, John Hopkins, and William Bartlett, ing a convenient Road from a Street called Southgate, Merchants, and Proprietors of the Works established at in the Town of Halifax, over and through the said Newnham in Gloucestershire, for the Manufacture of Close, to the public Hall lately erected in the said Verdigrease, was referred. Town of Halifax, called The Manufacturers Hall; and

Mr Rolle accord i ngly reported from the said Commit- to enable the Vicar of the Parish of Halifax, and his tee' the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to Successors, to grant Building Leases'of the other Parts be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; of the said Close; and for the other Purposes therein and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where mentioned, was read the Third Time, the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, be, An Act for vesting Part of a certain Close, called That the Manufactory of Verdigrease is proper to be Shack Field, otherwise Vicars Field, Parcel of the Lands encouraged in the Kingdom of Great Britain, belonging to the Vicarage of Halifax, in the County of

Vox,. 38. 5 M York,

410 n* Aprilis 1781.

York, in Trusteos, for the Purpose of making a con- tilled, " An Act for raising a further Sum of Money

venient Rond from a Street called in the

Town of Halifax, over and through the said Close, to the public Hall lately erected in the said Town of Halifax, called The Manufacturers Hall; and to enable the Vicar of the Parish of Halifax, and his Successors, to grant Building Leases of the other Parts of the said CJole; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Burke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Leeds from Mr. Lifter reported from the Committee, to whom Otiey to the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en-sj‘, P'<J11 larging the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in

03 the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads therein described, as relate to the Roads from Otiey to Skipton, in the County of York, from Skipton to Clitheroe, in the County of Lancaster, and from Skipton to Colne, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and h^ read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: "Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Hotffe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Grinfliill, A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons or &c- Waste Lands in the Townships of Saif aw,

laclulure. ant| Clive, in the Parishes of Grin/hill and Saint Mary, in the County of Salop, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ord, Mr. Pulteney, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Accounts The House being informed that Mr. Milford, from respecting the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended Navigation at Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre-of Scotland, fen ted to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Total Number and Tonnage of all British Ships and Vessels, in the Merchants Service, arrived and reported in the Out Ports of Scotland, from all other Ports and Places, with an Account of the Number of Seamen, exclusive of the Master, navigating 1'uch Ships and Vessels, diiiinguidling the British from the Foreign Seamen, from the ift of January) 1772 to the id of January 1780; distinguishing each Out Port, and each Year: And also.

An Account of the Total Number and Tonnage of all Foreign Ships and Vessels arrived and reported in the Out Ports of Scotland, with the Number of Foreign Seamen navigating such Ships and Vessels, from the ift of January) 1772 to the ill of January 1780; distinguishing each Out Port, and each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

' The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Pajrers of this Session.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Remainder of the Exchequer Bills issued by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, inti*

" by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1780 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 10th Day of April 1781, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 25th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House way* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Money remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1781, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Surpluses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Money remaining in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1781, on the Two-Sevenths Excise granted by an Act of Parliament of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon for the Half Year then ended, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Money that remained in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1781, of the Duties on Wines granted by an Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for paying Annuities on single Lives pursuant to the said Act, after reserving fuffiei-Cnt to satisfy the several Annuities to the 5th Day of January 1781, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Money that remained in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1781, of the Duties on Glass, for paying Annuities on Lives, granted by an Act of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, after reserving sufficient to satisfy the several Annuities to the 5th Day of January 1781, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That (hey had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was

directed

21 Geo. III. 11° Ap 411

directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 25th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Hcefier Sir William Guise reported from the Committee, to >U &c. whom the Bill for erecting a new Gaol and House of Correction, and for removing certain Gateways, in the City of Gloucester, and for amending the several Acts passed for the Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the said City, and lighting, paving, and regulating the Streets there, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants of the City of Gloucester, paying Taxes for Eliates in the said City, for and on Behalf of themselves and many other Persons, Inhabitants of the said City, paying Taxes likewise, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

ffinftone A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and nclosure. Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Winstone, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Guise, Sir William Codring See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Elwes presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Preston The M inutes of the Proceedings taken before the Se-Ekaion. left Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of John Fenton, Esquire; and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being In-Burgesses, Inhabitants within, and Electors of Representatives to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Preston, in the County of Lancaster; severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough.

And the said Minutes were read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Minutes be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Minutes are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

RkftminAer Mr. Fox reported from the Committee, to whom the c"* Ad* r Bill for further continuing the several Acts passed for preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Giles in the Fields and Saint and such Part

of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex, was committed; and to whom

the Petition of John Paulin and John Arbuthnot, the principal Land Coal Meters of the City and Liberty of Westminster, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had gone through the

Vol. 38.

Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 24th Day of this Inilant April.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Importation a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an of p°°dl Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of Levant. His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to permit " Goods, the Product or Manufacture ofcertqin Places " within The Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imr " ported into Great Britain or Ireland in or

Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever; and " for laying a Duty on Cotton and Cotton Wool imported into this Kingdom, in Foreign Ships or Vef-' iels, for a limited Time."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Exportation whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made of Bu8lc,» in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present &c' Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing further Time " for the Exportation of, or Payment of the Duties " upon. Bugles, when warehoused upon Importation " into this Kingdom; to empower the Commissioners " of the Customs to order all Bonds relative to that " Revenue upon which no Prosecutions have been had " for the Space of Five Years (except Bonds for Duties,

" and for the good Behaviour of Officers in the Execution of their Duty) to be destroyed; and for " repealing the Duties upon Feather Beds imported into this Kingdom, and for charging the same with " the like Duties as are payable upon Feathers for " Beds," as relates to allowing further Time for the Exportation of, or Payment of the Duties upon Bugles, when warehoused upon Importation into this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message by Mr. 2uarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Royal Assent Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several to Bills. Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of

41 a ii0 —

of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal AlTent to the several Public and Private Bills therein ihentioned; and also empowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of the Lord High

Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Privy Seal, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to permit the Importation of Flax and Flax Seed into this Kingdom, or Ireland, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, navigated with Foreign Mariners, during the present Hostilities:

An Act for declaring certain Provsions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, to extend to all Acts made and to be made for repairing Ronds, subsequent to the passing of the said Act:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the High Roads from the Borough of Tamworth to,

in the County of Leicesterand from Ferry, in

the said County, to a Turnpike Gate at or near the End of Swarcliff Lane, leading to, and in the Parish of Afiby-de-la-Zouch aforesaid:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, within the Parish of Ilmington, in the county of:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows^ Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and' Grounds, as well within the Parish and Township of Rot/iley, as within the Extra-parochial Liberty of Temple, in

the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Little , in the County of Northampton:

An Act to enable John Tripe, Clerk, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Sicete.

Ordered, That Mr. Dempster have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Linen Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Manufacture. Fortnight, the a6th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Linen Manufacture of Great Britain.

Aprilis. A. 1781*

thority of the Court of Directors, concerning the Affairs of the Coast of Coromandel.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Correspondence, and other Documents relative to the Affairs of Hyder Ali Khan (not contained in the Books aforesaid) from the Year 1765 to the last Advices received from Madrass.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Correspondence and Consultations relative to the letting and managing the Jaghire Lands belonging to the East India Company in The Carnatic, from the Acquisition of the fame, to the last Advices from Madrass.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Correspondence and Consultations relative to the lettingandmanaging the Territories called The Northern Circars, from the Acquisition of the same to the last Advices from India.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Correspondence and Consultations relative to the Princes or Chiefs on the Coast of , called

Polygars, and the State of their several Countries, from the Year 1762 to the last Advices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Correspondence relative to a Change of Government in The Decan, from the Year 1762 to the last Advices received.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Correspondence, Consultations, and other Papers relative to any Convention or Treaty entered, or to be entered, into with the Country Powers of India, relative to the present War with the Maratta State.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Correspondence and Consultations, with the annexed Documents, concerning the Rohilla War, and the several Transactions with the Nabobs of Oude, from the Period at which the printed Papers termi-

nate, to the last Advices from India; together with all Papers received by the Court of Directors relative to the late and present State and Condition of the said Countries, the Revenues received therefrom, or Sums of Money charged on the Revenues thereof, on account of the Company; as also the Military Establishment in the said Countries, under the Company's Orders, from the Year 1773, to the last Advices from India, both inclusive, distinguirtiing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all additional Salaries, Allowances, and Accommodations, given to any Civil or Military Offices within Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, together with the Amount of the Salaries and Profits of the Offices to which such additional Salaries, Allowances, and Accommodations, have been joined, from the Year 1777 to the last Advices from India.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning; Ten of the Clock.

Account of Ordnance Store*.

Paper*

respecting Bast India Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. IluJJey have Leave to make a ~

Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Jovisy 12° j

Account of all Guns, Shot, Powder, and other, Gunners Stores, delivered into His Majesty's Ordnance, Anno at* Georgii III*U Regis, 1781. !

being Stores from the Transports employed under the Direction of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury. Prayers.

before the 31st of December last; distinguishing the |

Sort, Quantity, arrd Quality, of such Guns and Stores, JDESOThat this House will, at the Rising Adjournmay and the Times when they were received respectively. of the House this Day, adjourn till Tuesday Seven-

night, the 24th Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That Mr. Burke have Leave to make a Motion. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of

And he moved the House accordingly. Account of the Quantities of Linen Cloth exported Linen

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, all from that Part of called during pcted,r7

Books containing Letters, or Extracts of Letters, or the last Four Years, ending at Christmas 1780; distin- cotan ‘ other Records in the India House, printed by the Au- guilhijig the Quantity exported in each Year.

iti Mr.

1

Toller Lane Road.

Cocking End through Kildvrick Road.

Forfeiture of Skips used for Smuggling.

Halifax, dec. Small Debts.

Preston

Election.

Ways end Meant.

21 Geo. lit. 12'.

Mr. Hartley prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and amending an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads from the WestEnd of Toller Lane, near through

Haworth, in the County of York, to a Place called Blue Bell, near Colne, in the County of and from a Place called The Two Laws, to Kigliley, in the said County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hartley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, widening, and mending the Road from Cocking End, near in the West

Riding of the County of York, through Kildwick, to Black Lane End, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Thomas Clavering presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for explaining and amending the several Laws now in Force, respecting the Forfeiture of Ships or Vessels in certain Cafes; and for further securing the Property of the Owners in such Ships or Vessels against the Misconduct of the Mailers, Mates, and Seamen: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guiseley, Batley,

Mirficid, Hartishead cum Clifton, Kirk-

heaton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Stanhope,&c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, such Extracts of the Charters granted to the Borough of Prefion, as were read in Evidence before the Select Committee, appointed for trying the Merits of the last General Election for the said Borough; and also. Copies of all the Returns for the said Borough, which were read in Evidence before the said Select Committee.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Seven hundred Fifty-seven thousand and Eighty-seven Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten Pence, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1781, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen of the Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, cotnpofing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Twenty-

Yol. 38.

4pwis. 413

three thousand Seven hundred and Eight Pounds Eleven Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny-, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1781, of the Two-Sevenths Excise granted by an Act of Parliament of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, after satisfying the several Charges and Incum-. brances thereupon for the Half Year then ended.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1781, of the Duties on Wines, granted by an Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for paying Annuities on Single Lives, pursuant to the said Act, after reserving sufficient to satisfy the several Annuities to the 5th Day of January 1781.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Fifty-six thousand Pounds, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1781, of the Duties on Glass, for paying Annuities on Lives, granted by an Act of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, asser reserving sufficient to satisfy the several Annuities to the 5th Day of January 178 r.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for opening and establishing certain Ports in the " Islands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free " Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and " Merchandizes; for grantingeertain Duties to defray " the Expences of opening, maintaining, securing, and " improving such Ports; for ascertaining the Duties to " be paid upon the Importation of Goods from the said Island of Dominica into this Kingdom; and for " securing the Duties upon Goods imported from the " said Island into any other British Colony," as relates to the opening and establishing certain Free Ports in the Island of Jamaica, which was to continue in Force until the ill Day of November 1773, and from thenc? to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by another Act; made in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's. Reign, was continued until the ill Day of November 1780, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to allowing the free Importation erf Sago Powder and Vermicelli into this Kingdom, from His Majesty's Colonies in North America, for a limited Time, which was to continue in Force until the ill Day of December x 781^ is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That lb much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His. present Majesty, as relates to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from /re* land, and the -Brrtj/A Plantations in America, which was to continue in Force for Five Years from the ift Day of June 1769, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by another Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was continued from the Expiration thereof for the further Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to allowing aDrawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be cmfunedon board Merchant Ships on their Voyages, wuich was to be in Force for Two 5 N Yewrs

4T4

i a® Aprilis.

A \1781*

Importition

of

Portugal

Goods.

Supply.

Exportation of Bugles, dec.

Years from she ift Day of April 1779, i» expired, and fit to be revived and continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for "* allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British Corn and Grain, in Ships the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty," which was to be in Force until the 25th Day of March 1781, is expired, and fit to be revived and -continued.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Fourth, Seventh, and Eighth of the Resolutions which upon Tuesday last were reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion from Time to Time to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Five last of the said Resolutions, now agreed to by the House.

A Bill to permit, during the present Hostilities, certain Goods therein enumerated, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in Neutral Ships, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night, the 24th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for allowing the Importation of Linen Yarn into Great Britain and Ireland, in Neutral Ships and Vessels.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One Million Nine hundred thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by " Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year - One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in this Session of Parliament

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Five hundred and Fifty-one Pounds, Eight Shillings, and Eight Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1780.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing further Time for the Exportation

" of, or Payment of the Duties upon* Bugles when " warehoused upon Importation into this Kingdom: to impower the Commissioners of the Customs to " order all Bonds relative to that Revenue, upon " which no Prosecutions have been had for the Space of Five Years (except Bonds for Duties, and for the :t good Behaviour of Officers in the Execution of " their Duty) to be destroyed; and for repealing the " Duties upon Feather Beds imported into this Kingdom, and for charging the same with the like Duties " as are payable upon Feathers for Beds," relates to allowing further Time for the Exportation of, or Payment of the Duties upon, Bugles when warehoused upon Importation into this Kingdom, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Time allowed by Law for the Exportation of, or Payment of the Duties upon. Bugles when warehoused upon Importation into this Kingdom, be enlarged.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution; and that Mr. Ord and Sir Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare and bring in the said Bill, That they do make Provision therein for obviating a Doubt with respect to the charging the Duties on Rum imported from Scotland into the of Man.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain " Places within The Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to " be imported into Great Britain or Ireland in British " or Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever; and " for laying a Duty on Cotton and Cotton Wool imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships or Vessels " for a limited Time," the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Goods the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within The Levant or Mediterranean Seas, be permitted to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in British ox Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, for a Time to be limiteJ.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny Farthing per Pound Weight be imposed upon all Cotton and Cotton Wool imported into this Kingdom, in Foreign Ships or Vessels for a Time to be limited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be liable to the additional Impofi or Duty of Five Pounds per Centum, laid by an Act of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Ord and Sir Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Seven-night, the 24th Day of this Instant April, Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Importarkui of Goods from tue Lev am.

2i Geo. III. 24°

Mart is, 24* die Aprilis;

Anno 21* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1781*

Prayers.

'ey mouth f\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his 'War-

Writ. rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weymouth, and Melcombe Regia, in the County of Dorset, in the room of William Chufin Grove, Esquire, who since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty's Manor of East Hendred, in the county of,

Me of A Bill to explain and amend an Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution aContraft made " pursuant to the Act of Parliament of the Twelfth of " his late Majesty King George the First, between the " Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and the Duke and Duchess of the Proprietors of The

" Isle of Man, and their Trustees, for the Purchase of

" the said Island and its Dependencies, under certain " Exceptions therein particularly named;" and to ascertain and establish the Jurisdiction of the Manerial Courts of the Most Noble John Duke of Atholl in the said Istand; and to enable the said Duke, and his Heirs, to exerciseand enjoy certain Powers and Remedies therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Se-

vennight, the 3d Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Henley's An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Nat. naturalizing Dorothy Hannah Louisa Harriet Henley, the Wife of William Henley, Esquire, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rolle, Mr. Toionjhend, &e.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Greenwich The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Hospita). resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more efleftualfy securing to the Royal Hospital for Seamen At Greemoich, all forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prize and Bounty Money, and to compel the more speedy Payment thereof;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, the 4th Day of May next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Cror.fton A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open lndofure. Fields, and other uninclosed Lands, Meadows, and Commonable Places, of, and belonging to Cropfon, in the Parish of Thurcafon, and County of was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Grey, Mr. Ord, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Salt afed in A Petition of Samuel Garbett, of Birmingham, in the making County of Warwick, Merchant, was.presented to the Marine House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner Cl ' hath, for many Years, had Worksestablished Birmingham, and at Prefonpans in Scotland, for making an Acid Spirit, for the Use of Dyers, Bleachers of Linen, and Printers of Linen, from Materials which have annually paid considerable Sums to the Public Revenue; and representing, that if the Duty should be taken oft' Salt, as proposed by a Bill now depending before the House, it

Vol. 38.

Aprilis. 415

may not only be a great Injury to him, but will probably decrease the Revenue some Thousand Pounds a Year: And therefore praying to be heard against the said Bill, by himself or Counsel. 'j

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, which relate to the reducing the Duties on foul Salt used for Manure, to foul Salt to be used in makingMarine Acid and fixed Foffil, or Mineral Alkali* be read the Third Time; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by himself or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon this Day Sevennight.

A Petition of Peter Johnson, of Camfalloch, Esquire, Kirkcudbright

was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, £l<"aion-That, previous to the last General Election, John Gordon of Kenmore Esquire, Colonel Alexander Stewart of Crae, and the Petitioner, severally offered themselvps as Candidates to representthe Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, in Scotland, in the then ensuing PaHiament; and that the said John Gordon and Colonel Alex

that a very considerable Number of the Freeholders of the said Stewartry had resolved to support the Petitioner, did, with a View ofdisappointing the Petitioner, enter into an illegal and unconstitutional Agreement, whereby it was agreed, between them and their friends, that the said Colonel Alexander Stewart and his Friends should unite with the said John Gordon and his Friends, in endeavouring to procure the said John Gordon to be returned Member for the said Stewartry at the then ensuing Election; in Consideration whereof, the said John Gordon engaged that, in case he should be elected, he would, at the End of the first Three Years of the Parliament, vacate his Seat, and that thereupon he and his Friends should join with the said Colonel Alexander Stewart and his Friends in electing the said Colonel Steioart for the Remainder of the Parliament; and that, in consequence of such Agreement, the said John Gordon alone flood Candidate against the Petitioner at the last General Election; but the Petitioner, notwithstanding such Junction of the Friends of the said John Gordon and Colonel Stewart, was then returned Member for the said

Stewartry; and that the said John Gordon, having presented a Petition to the House, complaining of the Petitioner's said Election, the Committee, to whom the same was referred, were pleased to resolve. That Nine of the Twelve Votes who tendered for the Petitioner, and were refused by the Praefes of the Election, fh ould be added to the Poll, the Consequence of which Resolution was, that the said John Gordon then had a Majority upon the Poll against the Petitioner; but the said Committee having likewise resolved, that the said John Gordon was guilty, of Bribery at th? last Election for the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, and was therefore incapable of being elected, they determined, that the last Election of a Commit* fioner to serve in this present Parliament for the said Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, was a void Election; and that in consequence of the above Determination, a new Writ issued, to elect a Member for the said Stewartry, and the Petitioner and the said/o/>>i Gordon again offered themselves as Candidates; and that the Petitioner, being advised that the said John Gordon having, by the said Committee, been found guilty of Bribery at the last Election, was therefore rendered incapable of serving in this present Parliament for the said Stewartry, did, at the Meeting of Election, in order that the Freeholders then met for the Purpose of Election might not pretend Ignorance of the Resolution of the said Committee, publicly read the same to them, and at the same Time informed them that the said John Gordon was thereby rendered ineligible for the said Stewartry at any Period of

4itf 24* Aprilis. A. 1781*

the prese nit Parliament, and more particularly so to flip* ply the then present Vacancy; and that notwithstanding

'such Intimation, tire Friends of the said John Gordon

and Colonel Alexander Stewart, still acting under the Influence of the Agreement entered into by them previous to the former Election, did again unite together*

and Vote for the said John Gordon, in Opposition to the

Petitioners and that, at the said Election, not only feve-tal Persons acting under the Influence of the said Agreement, but also several other Persons having no Right to vote, were admitted to vote for the said John Gordon j and several Freeholders in the Interest of the Petitioner \vere refused to be inrolled, who were clearly entitled to be inrolled, and who, if they had been inrolled, would have voted for the Petitioner; and that, By the Means aforesaid, and by divers other corrupt and illegal Practices, the said John Gordon hath procured himself to be illegally returned for the said Stewartry, in Prejudice to the Petitioner, who was the Only legal Candidate, was <hily elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Confederation, and to grant him such Relief as

shall seem meet. , Safety, Use, and Convenience of the Public; the Peti-

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Confi- tioners therefore pray, That they may now have Leave deration upon Friday the 24th Day of August next, at to presenta Petition to the House, to bring in a Bill for Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. the Purposes aforesaid.

Memorandum: Ordered, That, in Confederation of the particular

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be x ith Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to given to present a Petition, asdefired by the said Gover-regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or nor aftd Company of the Bank of England.

Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, Then a Petition of the Governor and Company of the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent the Bank of England was presented to the House, and to the Parties j accompanied with Orders for read, containing the same Aflegationsas the laftpreced-their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, ing Petition; and praying that Leave may be given to or Agents, at the Time on which the said bring in a Bill for vesting the said Parish-Church of Petition was ordered to be taken into Con- Saint Christopher, and the Materials and Scite thereof, sideration. and also the said Church-Yard, in the Petitioners and

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or their Successors for ever, upon their making Satisfaction Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as for the fame, in such Manner as to the House flxall seem shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the meet, and for uniting the said Parish of Saint Chris-Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition. topher to one of the adjoining Parishes, in such

Manner, and under such Regulations and Provisions, as A Petition of the Governor and Company of the the House shall think fit.

Bank of England, was presented to the House, and Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Christopher'* read; Setting forth, That by virtue of Two Acts, made Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-*hhe a*&k in the Fourth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it *°1 ‘ present Majesty, sundry Houses, Ground, ana Premises, shall appear to them to the House:

Were purchased by the Petitioners, the Buildings of the And it is referred to Mr. Ewer, Mr. &c.:

Bank very much enlarged, and the Passages leading And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nineof thereto made more commodious; and that, by another the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Act, made in the Fifth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, the Glebe Land, Parsonage House, and Premises, belonging to the Rector of the Parish of Saint Christopher Sir Herbert Mackworlh, from the Select Committee, Le Stocks, London (adjoining to the Bank) were veiled appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Pe-in the Petitioners for the Use of the Bank; upon making tition of Sir James Marriott, complaining of an undue a Recompence as therein mentioned; and that the Peti- Election and Return for the Borough of Sudbury, in the tioners have also purchased other Houses and Premises County of Suffolk, informed the House, That the said near to, and for the Use of the Bank, not included in the Select Committee met on Tuesday last, the 17 th Day of said Acts; and that the Petitioners are now become the this Instant and that Mr. Stanley, One of the

Owners of the whole of the said Parish, except some Members of the said Select Committee, did not then Premises on the West Side of Princes Street occupied by attend, but sent a Message to the Chairman, to inform Seven Parishioners, and a few Offices under The Royal him he was confined to his Bed with the Gout, and not Exchangepoflefled by Persons residing in other Parishes able to come out; that therefore the said Select Com-or by public Companies, and the Petitioners pay about mittee, in pursuance of the Authority given to them Five-sixth Parts or the Parish Rates and Taxes; and that by the Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of the Church of the said Parish of Saint Christopher lies His present Majesty, adjourned to this Day, being the on the North 8ide of Thrcadnecdle Street, and the Day to which the House had adjourned; and that Mr. Church-Yard is between the same and the interior being now recovered from his late Indisposition,

Parts of the Bank, communicating the rewith; and that had this Day attended the said Select Committee, the Petitioners, during the late Riots, were under the

Necessity of taking Possession of the said Church and A Bill for continuing the Term of an A made in Church-Yard, and having a Military Force there, for the the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Ma-Protection and Security of the Bank; and that, by the jesty, for repairing, widening, and mending, the Road Increase of the Parliamentary Funds transferrable at the from Cocking , near in the West Riding

Bank of England, and the great Businesstransacted there, of the County of York, through Kildwick, to Black Land the Bank (even in its present enlarged State) is too End, in the County Palatine of Luncafler, was read a confined for the Dispatch thereof, and therefore the Second Time,

Ref deed,

InVefling

Saint

taking down the said Church, and veiling th6 Scite thereof and of the said Church-Yard irt the Petitioners, will be a great Security to the Bank, and useful and convenient to the Public; and that, when the Houses belonging to the Petitioners are taken down, the Parishioners of the said Parish will be reduced to a very small Number'; and that there are Three other Parish Churches very near the Residerice of the said Parishioners; and that the Right Reverend Father in God Robert Lord Bishop of London is Patron of the said Parish Church of Saint Christopher, and the Reverend Sherlock JVillis, Clerk, is the present Rector thereof; and that the Petitioners have proposed to purchase the said Church, and the Scite thereof, and the Church-Yard, and to have the same vested in them and their Successors, and the Parish united to some one of those adjoining; and that the Petitioners, not having been able to complete the several Steps that were necessary for carrying into Execution the taking down the said Church, and enlarging the Buildings belonging to the Bank, until after the Time limited by the House for receiving Petitions for Private Bills, and as the same will be for the

Sudbury

Ele&ioa,

Cocking End through Kildwick Road.

a i Geo. III. 24* Aprilis. 417

Toller Lane Road.

Leeds from C >tley to Skipton Road.

Account of Duties on Cobait.

Westminster Coal Ad-BKalurcment.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun-combe, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for continuing and amending an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads from the Well End of Toller Lane, near Bradford, through Haworth, in the County of York, to a Place called JBlu'e Bell, near Coljie, in the County of Lancaster, and from a Place called The Two Laws, to Kighley, in the said County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. comb", Mr. Dodd, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads therein described, as relate to the R >acts from Otley to Skipton, in the County of York, from Skipton to in the County of Lancaster, and from Skipton to Colne, in the said County,- was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ' be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads therein described, as relate to the Roads from Otley to Skipton, in the County of York, from Skipton to Colne, in the County of Lancaster, and from Skipton to Clitheroe, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Lister do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Duties paid upon Cobalt, from the ill of January 1776 to the ill of 1781.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from ‘ the Committee, to whom the Bill for further continuing the several Acts passed for preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Pari (lies of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andretv Holborn as lies in the County of -

sex, was committed;

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Petitions A Petition of the Freeholders, Justices of Peace, resptding the and ConmnHioners of Supply, of the County of Forfar: Linen And also,

uu a urc. Petition of the Manufacturers and Dealers in Linen, in the Royal Burgh of Perth: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Dealers in Linen, in the Royal Borough of Dundee: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Linen Manufacturers in Dunfermline, in the County of Fife-,

Were severally preferred to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Linen Manufacture of Great Britain, upon which the Bread of many Thoul'ands of industrious Subjects depends, has been the coniiant Object of Parliamentary Pro-Vol. 38.

tection and Encouragement; and that His Majesty's Subjects in Ireland pay no Excile Duty upon Soap and Starch, Two Materials of Importance used in Bleaching; and that, by an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Third Year of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Liuen and Hempen Manufactures, it is enacted, That no Duty whatsoever shall be paid upon the Importation of any Wood or Weed Allies, of any Kind, used in Bleaching, or any Blue called Smalts, pr any Oil of Vitriol, or any Black Soap; and that, by another Law* the Duty paid upon Importation of all Brimstone and Saltpetre used in making Oil of Vitriol, an essential Material in Bleaching, is, on the Oath of the Maker, to be drawn back; and that, by a Law passed in the last Irish Parliament, in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, Bounties are granted on the Exportation of divers Species of Linen, the Fabric of Ireland, to Africa, America, Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, and Minorca, in which Law, the Exception of Linen printed or stained, or made into Buckrams or Tilletings, whereby the same were excluded from the Bounty by the Act of the Twenty-ninth of George the Second, is entirely omitted; and that there is now no Market in the World in which the Manufacturers of Irish Linen will not be enabled by these several Encouragements, added to the natural Advantages of that Country, to undersell the British Manufacturer, and by these Means Ireland will in a short Time acquire the foie Benefit of this valuable Manufacture, unless it shall in both Countries be put upon an equal Footing: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Manufacturers of Britain into their most serious Consideration, and grant them such Relief as shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whoriC it is referred to consider of the State of the Linen Manufacture of Great Britain.

An ingrafted Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register, or deliver in, their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be damped according to Law, or having been llamped, have been loll or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly damped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures ®f Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register, or deliver in, their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be damped according to Law, or, having been damped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly damped; and to give further Time to focli Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

5 O Ordered,

Offices and Employments* '

4i 8 24° — 25*

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for repealing the pfefent Duties Duties on upon Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, apCf' made in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in Lien thereof, was read the Third Time*

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing the present Duties upon Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, made in Great Britain and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords* and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Importation Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom* ^Goods^ next' re^ve hself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit, during the present Hostilities, certain Goods, therein enumerated* to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland in Neutral Ships.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper have Leave to make a Motion, it being Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

India And the Order, made upon the 9th Day of this In-company. fomt Aprils for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, to take into Consideration the present State of the East India Company, the proper Method of governing and managing the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues now in their Possession, and of securing to the Public a just Proportion of the Profits arising therefrom, being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned tifl Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 50 j Anno 2i* Georgii III« Regis, i 781*

P* AYERS.

Sir H. M Speaker acquainted the House, That, in Obe-Climon and 1VJL dience to their Commands, of the 27th Day of Admiral November last, he had signified to Sir Henry Clinton,< Answer^o 5 Knight oP ^e Most honourable Order of the Bath, and \9tc of Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces in North Thanks► America, and to Vice Admiral Arbuthnot, Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Fleet in North America, and to the Right honourable Lieutenant General Charles Earl Cornwallis, the Thanks of this House, for the eminent and very importantServiees performed by them to His Majesty and this Country, particularly by the Reduction of Charles Town by the Army and Navy under the Command of Sir Henry Cli?iton and Vice Admiral Arbuthnot, and by the late most glorious Victory obtained b v Lord Cornwallis at Camden; and that he had received"the following Answers from Sir Hemy Clinton and Vice Admiral Arbuthnot:

Head Quarters, New York, March ill, 1781.

Sir,

Conscious that the most ardent Exertions of a British Subject to promote the Glory and Interest of his King and Country cannot obtain a more honourable Reward than the Thanks of a British House of Commons, I want Words to express how very fenlibly I feel the

Aprilis. A. 1781.

distingnished Mark of Approbation with which that augull Assembly has been pleased to honour my Services.

I mud, therefore, Sir, intreat that you w ill have the Goodness to offer my warmest Acknowledgments to the honourable House of Commons, in the most expressive Terms of Gratitude.

Allow me, at the same Time, Sir* to request your Acceptance of my Thanks, for the very obliging Manner in which you have conveyed to me the Resolutions of the House.

I have the Honour to be, with the highest Respect, Sir,

Your most obedient,

and most humble Servant,

II. Clinton.

The Right honourable Ch. W.

Cornwall* Speaker of the House of Commons.

Royal Oak, near Rhode Island, the 16th of February, 1781.

Sir,

I am this Day honoured withy our Letter of the 30th of November last, accompanying a Resolution of the honourable House of Commons, of Thanks and Approbation of my Conduct in the chief Command of His Majesty's Fleet in North America.

When I reflect that my Name will be so distinguished to Pofterily as well as in the present Day, I am filled with the most perfect Gratitude, and all expresskm is inadequate to my Feeling: I flrall, therefore, only beg you will assure the honourable House, that the Impression will never be effaced, and that I consider a Service of the longest Life well employed, to be thus most honourably rewarded;

Permit me to request you wifi accept my humble Thanks, for the very obliging Manner in which you have conveyed this Keroiution.

I have the Honour to be, with great Respect* Sir,

Your most obedient,

and most humble Servant,

Mt Arbuthnot.

The Right honourable

Charles Wolf ran Cornwall, fife. fife. fife.

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Dorothy Ilamiah Louisa Harriot Henley, the Wife of William Henley, Esquire, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said BrU was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the several Prisoners confined for Debt in The Mar/lralfea Prison, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress^and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upofci the Table.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Commissioners of Supply, of the County of Renfrew: And also,

A Petition of Andrew Smith, John Pattison, and John

Qrr,

Henley's

Nat.

Debtors.

Linen

Manufacture.

Ditto.

21 Geo. III. 25° Aprilis.

4J9

Linen

tnuU&ure.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Orr, Esquires, present Magistrates of the Town of Paiflcy, for themselves and in Name of the Council and Community of the said Town, and the Manufacturers of the said Town of Paisley, all thereunto subscribing:

And also,

A Petition of the Noblemen, Gentlemen, Heretors of the County of Fife:And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Dealers in Linen, in the City of And also,

A Petition of the Noblemen and Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Commissioners of Supply, of the County of Dumbarton: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Commissioners of Supply, of the County of

W ere severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Linen Manufacture of Great Britain, upon which the Bread of many Thou lands of industrions Subjects depends, has been the constant Object of Parliamentary Protection and Encouragement; and that the Ex-fcife Duties upon Soap and Starch, Two Materials of Importance used in Bleaching, are now become a very considerable Charge on the British Bleacher, which His Majesty's Subjects in Ireland are not subjected to; and that, by an Act passed in the Parliament of in the

' Third Year of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures, it is enacted, That no Duty whatsoever shall be paid on the Importation of any Wood or Weed Allies of any Kind, used in Bleaching, or any Blue called Smalts, or any Oil of Vitriol, or any Black Soap; and that, by other Laws puffed in the Thirteenth, Fourteenth, Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, the Duty paid upon Importation of all Brimftoneand Saltpetre used in making Oil of Vitriol, an essential Material in Bleaching, is, on the Oath of the Maker, to be drawn back; and that, by a Law palfed in the lall Irish Parliament, in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting Bounties on the Export of certain Species of Linen and Hempen Manufactures, Bounties are granted on the Exportation of divers Species of Linen, the Fabric of,

to Africa, America, Spain, Portugal, and Minorca, in which Law the Exception of Linens printed or stained, or made into Buckrams and Tilletings, whereby the same are excluded from a Bounty by the Act of the

Twenty-ninth of George the Second, is entirely omitted; and that, by Means of these several Encouragements granted by the Parliament, luperadded to the natural Advantages of that Kingdom in Point of Situation, and being subjected to fewer Taxes than His Majesty's British Subjects, it is evident that the Manufacturers of Irish Linens will be enabled to undersell the British Manufacturers in every Foreign Market, unless both Countries are put on an equal Footing; and the Petitioners, at the same Time that they feel the Propriety of praying for an Exemption from the Duties on Bleaching Materials, sincerely lament the disagreeable Necessity they are laid under of applying for a Bounty on Linens, printed or stained, or made into Buckrams and Tilletings, a Manufacture which, they apprehend, might have been supported without the Aid of a Bounty, but, whilst the Irish enjoy a Bounty on that Species of Linens, it is obvious the British Manufactures cannot compete with those of the Sifter Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to take their same into the most lerious Consideration, and grant them l'uch Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Vol. 38.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the State of the Linen Manufacture of Great Britain.

Mr. Burke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing andlnclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within, and belonging to, the Manor and Parish. of Preston Bijfett in the County of Bucks: And -the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, that Mr. Thomas Barron attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar presented to the House, pursuant to their Order;

Copies of Returns to Parliament for the Borough of Preston; viz.

N° 1. Ift King Edioard the Sixth: And also,

N° 2. Vlth King Edward the Sixth: And also,

N° 3. Ift Queen Man): And also,

N° 4. Ift and lid Philip and Mar}): And also,

N° 5. I Id and IHd Philip and Mary: And also, N° 6. Ift Queen Elizabeth: And also,

N° 7. XXVIth Queen Elizabeth And also,

N° 8. XXXth Queen Elizabeth And also,

N° 9. XXXIXth Queen Elizabeth: And also,

N° 10. XVIIIth King James the First: And also, N° 11. XXIft King James the First: And also,

N° 12. Ift King Charles the First: And also,

N° 13. IHd King Charles the First: And also,

N° 14. XVth King Charles the First: And also,

N° 15. XIXth King Charles the Second: And also, N° 16. February, XXXIft King Charles the Second: And also,

N° 17. September, XXXIft King Charles the Se-

cond: And also,

N° 18. XXXIIId King Charles the Second: And also,

N° 19. Ill King James the Second: And also,

N® 20. 15th January 1688, Prince of: And

also,

N® 21. lid King William and Queen MaryAnd also, N® 22. VIIthKing William the Third: And also, N° 23. Xth King William the Third: And also,

N® 24. XIIth King William the Third: And also, N® 2.r). XHIlh King William the Third: And also, N° 26. Ift Queen Anne: And also,

N° 27. iVth Queen Anne:And also,

N® 28. Vllth Queen Anne:And also, N# 29. IXth Queen Anne: And also,

N° 30. XIIth Queen AnneAnd also, N° 31. Ift King George the First: And also,

N® 32. Vlllth King George the First: And also,

N° 33. XIIth King George the First: And also,

N® 34. 1st King George the Second: And also,

N* 35. Vth King George the Second: And also,

N° 36. Vllth King George the Second: And also, N® 37. XIVth King George the Second: And also, , N® 38v XXIft King George the Second: And also, N° 39. XXVllth King George the Second: And also, N® 40. Ift King George the Third: And also,

N® 41. Vllth King George the Third: And also,

N® 42. Vlllth King George the Third: And also,

N® 43. XIVth King George the Third: And also, A Paper, intituled, " Extracts from the Charter " granted to the Burgesses of Preston, in the Eighth " Year of the Reign of Queen ."

Together with a List of the said Returns.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift, and the Tit^e of the said Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Returns and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Floufe.

The

Preston Billet t Inclosure,

Preston

Election*

42O

25* A prills.

The said Returns and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Honiton A Petition of Alexander , Esquire, was de-

Eleihon. livered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the lall Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Honito in the County of Jacob Wilkinjbn, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were

Candidates; and that the said Jacob Wilkinjbnby himself and his Agents, was guilty of gross Bribery and Corruption, by Means whereof, and other undue Influence of the said Jacob Wilkinson and his Agents, many Persons were induced to poll for the said Jacob Wilkinson, who would otherwise have polled for the Petitioner, and others who had no Right to vole were flevertheless permitted to poll for the said Jacob Wilkinjbn, and many persons who had good Right offered themselves, but were not permitted, to poll for the Petitioner; and that many Persons who had Right to vote, were, by Threats of being turned out of their Employment by the said Wilkinjbn, or his Agents, prevailed on and compelled to vote for the said Jacob Wilkinson, and some, who, notwithstanding such Threats, polled for the Petitioner, have, since the said Election, been discharged, and refused Work and Employment in their Trade and Business, by the Agents and Friends of the said Jacob Wilkinson, and who have used Influence to prevent their being employed by new Mailers in their Trade and Business; and that, by these and other illegal and undue Means, and by the partial Conduct of the Returning Officer, the said Jacob Wilkinson had a Majority appearing on the Poll, and was returned as Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, who had a Majority of good and legal Votes, and ought to have been returned for the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 28th Day of next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereto subscribed. Electors of the; Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, was also delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the lall Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, Jacob Wilkinson, Esquire, and Alexander Macleod, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the said Jacob Wilkinson, by himself and his Agents, was guilty of gross Bribery and Corruption, by Means whereof, and other undue Influence, many Persons who had Right to vote were induced to poll, and did poll for the said Jacob Wilkinson, who would otherwise have polled for the said Alexander Macleod-, and that many Persons under the Name of Feoffee Men, others receiving Pariflt Alms and other Charities, Paupers, Persons under Age, and other Persons, who had no Right to vote, were nevertheless permitted to poll for the said Jacob Wilkinson, and many Persons, who had good Right, offered themselves, but were not permitted to poll for the said Alexander Macleod-, and that many Persons who had Right to vote were, by Threats of being turned out of their Employment by the said Jacob Wilkinson or his Agents, prevailed on and compelled to vote for the said Jacob,

and some, who, notwithstanding suchThreats, polled for the said Alexander Macleod, have, since the said Election, been discharged, and refused Work and Employment in their Trade and Business by the Agents and Friends of the said Jacob Wilkinson, and who have used Influence to

prevent their being employed by new Mailers in their Trade and Business; and that, by these and other illegal and undue Means, the said Jacob Wilkinson had a Majority appearing on the Poll, and was returned as Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners and other legal Voters of the said Borough, whereas the said Alexander Macleod

>9

lortatioa

Ducj.,

be.

A. 1781.

had a Majority of good and legal Votes on the Poll, and ought to have been returned for 1 lie said Borough:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Confide ration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the io!h and 11 ill Years of His present Majesty's Reign, io regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as ill former Cafes, were ft lit to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their CounlV-l, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Ordered, That Mr. Trcncard, of Grays do Election,

attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. John Painter, of Colman Street, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according Exp to Order, a Bill for allowing further Time for the OI Exportation of, or Payment of the Duties upon, Bugles when warehoused upon Importation into this Kingdom, and for obviating a Doubt with respect to charging the Duties on Rum imported from Scotland into The Ife of Man: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, accord :»g to Importa-m Order, a Bill to permit Goods, the Product or Manu-facture of certain Places within the Levant or raneanSeas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in Brilijhor Foreign Vessels, from any Place

whatsoever, and for laying a Duty on Cotton and Cotton W'ool imported into this Kingdom, in Foreign Ships or Vessels, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, who were ExpYnj appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near La*i expiring, and to report their Opinion from Time to Time to the House which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had made a further Enquiry, and had come to several other Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Rel'o-lutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the several Clauses in an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act again!! clandestini* Running of un- customed Goods; and for the more cfVcdre.'d preventing of Frauds relating to the CutTems" relating to such Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, as shall be takpn in at Sea, out of any Ship or Yrlh!, in order to be landed, or put. into any other Ship or Vessel, or Boat, and also relating to Goods net reported and found after clearing Ships; and whereby further Remedies are provided against re-landing Goods prohibited to be worn in this kingdom, and Foreign Goods shipped out for Parts beyond the Sea; and relating to the opening or altering the Package of Goods on hoard of Ships outward bound, and also relating lo hovering Ships or Vessels of the Burthen cf Fifty 'Eons, or under; and also concerning the Bales or Package in which

21 Geo. Ill,

25° — 160 Aprilis. 421

which Coffee shall be exported, and also relating to Hum imported in Calks or Vessels not containing Twenty Gallons at the least, and also relating to Certificate Goods, entered in order to be exported to Ireland % which were to have Continuance for the Term of Thr. e Years, from the several Times of the Commencement thereof, and from thence to the Gnd of the then next Session of Parliament respectively, and which, by several subsequent Acts, passed in the Ninth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, and in the Second, Eighth, Fifteenth, Sixteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of hi* late Majesty King George the Second, and of the Seventh and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, were further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the aqth Day of September 1781, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act " to prevent the Clandestine Running of Goods, and ' tire Danger oflnfcftion thereby, and to prevent Ships " breaking their Quarantine, and to subject Copper " Ore of the Production of the Sritish Plantations to such Regulations ns other enumerated Commodities " of the like Production are subject," which was to be in Force for Two Years, from the 25th Day of March 1722, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts (except the Clauses obliging all Ships and Vessels to perform Quarantine) was to have further Continuance to the 1 ft Day of June 1747, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by qn Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, was intended to be further continued to the ill Day of June 1754, but, by Mistake, the Year 1747 was inserted therein in-Head of the said Year 1754, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Twenty-first, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and of the Seventh and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof until the 29th Day of September 1781, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit tube continued.

Rtfvlved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty's Plantations in America, which was to continue in Force from the 25th Day of March 1735, until the 25th Day of March 1739, and from thenee to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Eleventh, Nineteenth, Twenty-fifth, and Thirty-second Years of his said late Majesty's Reign, and of the Sixth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof until the 24th Day of June 1781, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, except such Part thereof as relates to the Importation and Exportation of Foreign Coffee into and from the British Colonies and Plantations in America, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The Two first of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were postponed.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time,

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftionto the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of the Acts mentioned in the said Resolutions.

The Orders of the Day being read;

S — ;i/. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

Vol. 38.

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- W«y* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Meanj* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 26° die Aprilis;

Anno 21* Georgii IIP1' Regis, 1781,

Prayers.

SIR Herbert Mackworth, from the Select Committee, Sudbury

who were appointed to try and determine the Me- Election, rits of the Petition of Sir James Marriott, complaining of an undue Eieftion and Return for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, informed the House,

That the said Select Committee have determined.

That Sir Patrick Blake, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined.

That Philip Champion Crefpigny, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Sudbury:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That Sir James Marriott ought to have been returned

a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Sudbury:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the said Sir James Marriott is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Sudbury.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the latt Return for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk; and amend the fame, by rating out the Name of PhilipChampionCrefpigny, Esquire, and inserting the

Name of Sir James Marriott, instead thereof.

A Petition of the Merchants, Owners, Mailers of Marinin? Ships, and others concerned in the Cominercial Interest the Navy, of these Kingdoms, in the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Plan, as printed by the last Parliament, for the better regulating Mariners in the Merchants Service, and for establishing a Fellowship ot Seameri, with certain Encouragements to engage them as Volunteers to serve on board His Majesty's Ships of War, has been sent to the Petitioners; which Plan appears to them both useful and necessary: And therefore praying the House to resume the Consideration of the said Plan, and that such Parts of it may be passed into a Law, as to Parliament may seem meet for the general Good of the State.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, called jriiolure> Mark Moor, otherwise Thurll Moor, M ark Liberty Moor,

otherwise Yonder Moor, and Foie Moors and Commons, situate within the Parish of Mark, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title

5 F be,

4-2 2. 260 A . 1781.

l>r\ An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moore, Commons, and Waste Lands, called

Moor, otherwise Thuiil Mark Liberty

otherwise Yonder Moor, and Foie Moors and fiiuate within the Parish of Mark, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Rollc do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

LitienManu- A Petitioft of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town failure. Council, of the Royal Burgh of Kirkcaldy, for themselves, and in Name of the Linen Manufacturers in the said Burgh and Neighbourhood: And also,

Ditto. A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council, Merchants, Manufacturers, and Dealers in Linen, in the Royal Borough of Forfar;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the many salutary Laws, designed to promote the LinenTrade of Great Britain, are a Proof how important that Manu-, foCiure appears in the Eye of the Legislature;

and, as the Prosperity of Scotland depends in a great Measure upon the Success thereof, the Petitioners think themselves called upon to represent some Circumstances, which, if not remedied j by Parliament, may in a short Time ruin this valuable Manufacture; and that, as. it is essential to the Being of the Linen Manufacture in this island, that it iliould be put upon an Equality with that of Ireland, the Petitioners beg leave to Hate the Particulars in which the Subjects of Ireland have evidently the Advantage: First, That by an Act, passed in the last Irish Parliament, in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, Bounties are granted upon the Exportation of different Kinds of Linen, the Fabrick of Ireland, to Africa, America, Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, and Minorca; and, by the British Act of the Twenty-ninth of George the Second, Linens printed or Itained, or made into Buckrams or Tilietings, are excluded from the Bounty, but this Exception from the Bounty is altogether omitted in the Act:

Secondly,-That by an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, in the Third Year of His present Ma-jeliy, for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures, it is enacted, That no Duty whatever be exacted, upon the Importation of any Weed or Wood Allies, or Allies of any Kinds, or any Blue called Smalts, or any Oil of Vitriol, or any BlackSope: And, Thirdly, That by another Law, the Duty paid upon Ira-. portation of all Brimstone and Saltpetre used in

making Oil Vitriol, an essential Material in Bleaching, is, on the Oath of the Maker, to be drawn back, by which Encouragements the Manufacturers of Linen are in every Market of the World enabled to undersell those of Great Britain, and ill soon acquire the

foie Benefit of this valuable Manufacture: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and grant inch Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the State of the Linen Manufacture of Great Britain.

Kf- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ui«. j*>r veiling Part of the Freehold Estates in the County of Kent, devised by the Will of Sir Gregory Page, Baronet, deceased, in Trullees, to sell the same, for discharging Incumbrances; and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the like Uftw; ami for the other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Symons, Mr. Townshend,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

General Burgoyne reported from the Committee, to Leeds to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution so much of an Act, made in the Twenty- 08 eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, through Of ley, Skipton, Colne, Burnley, and burn, to Burscough Bridge, in Walton, and from the Place

near Walton Church where the Roads leading to Blackburn aforesaid and Mellor, in the said County of Lancaster, do divide, through Mellor and Ramfgreave, in the said County of Lancaster, and from Skipton through Gif burn and Clitheroe, to Preston, in the said County of Lancaster, as relates to the Roads from Colne to Black-bum, and from Blackburn to Burscough Bridge in Walton, and from the said Place near Walton Church, where the Roads leading to Blackburn aforesaid and Mellor, in the said County of Lancaster, do divide, through Mellor and Ramfgreave, in the said County of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred: That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April j 774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Richard Moon, Clerk to the District of Road from Colne to Blackburn, informed your Committee,

That the Trustees have proceeded in the Repair of the said District of Road, for which Purpose a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed, which, with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied: That the Sum of £.1,190 now remains due, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Road effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act, so far as relates to the said Road, be further continued and enlarged, and some additional Tolls granted: Then,

Mr. James Knowles, Clerk to the District of Road from Blackburn to Burscough Bridge, informed your Committee, That the said Road has been amended, and the Sum of £. 390, borrowed for that Purpose, now remains due, which cannot be repaid, nor the said District of Road kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act, so far as relates to the said Road, be further continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Roads from the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, through Otley, Skipton,

" Colne, Burnley, and Blackburn, to Burscough Bridge in " Walton, in the County of Lancaster; and from Skipton

"through Gijburne and Clitheroe, to Preston, in the " said County of Lancaster," as relates to the Roads from Colne to Blackburn, and from Blackburn to Burscough Bridge: And that General Burgoyne, Sir Henry Hoghton, and Mr. Lister, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a m

Copy of the Letter of Grey Elliot, Esquire, Secretary Marine A^cM-to the Board of Trade, dated the 6th Day of May 1780, to John Robinson, Esquire, Secretary to the Treasury, on the Subject of the Petition of Alexander Fordyce, Esquire, respecting the Duties on Salt used in making Marine Acid, and Mineral Alkali.

The

1

1

it Geo. III.

26° Aprilis. 423

?ap>cra The House being informed, that Mr. from

India ^ie United Company of Merchants of England trading Affairs. to The Eqfi Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in > and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. An Account of the Territorial and other Revenues received by the East India Company in Bengal Bahar, and Oriffii, and the Northern Circars, from April 1778 to the latest Accounts received from India distinguishing the different Heads of Revenue, and shewing the Gross Amount thereof, the Charges of Collection, and the Net Proceeds: And also.

N° 2. An Account of such Sums of Money received by the East India Company from the Territorial Revenues in India, as have been applied towards furnishing the Investments oft he Company from India to

Britain, from the Year 1778 to the Iaft Accounts received: And also,

N° 3. An Account of the Bullion and other Remittances from Bengal to China, towards purchasing the Invefimentfor the Company there, from April 1778 to the lad Accounts received: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Bond and other Debts of the East India Com party in Bengal, from ift May 1778 until the Iaft Accounts received; distinguishing the Debts of each Year, the Payment thereof, and at what Time, and in what Manner, the fame, or any Part thereof, has been discharged: And also,

N° 5. An Account of the Bond and other Debts of the East India Company at Madrass, from the Year 1770 until the Iaft Accounts received: And also,

N° 6. An Account of the Bond and other Debts of the East Itulia Company at Bombay, from the Year 1779 until the Iaft Advices received: And also,

N° 7. An Account of the Monies remaining in the different Treasuries of the East India Company at their several Settlements, according to the Iaft Advices: And also,

N®8. An Account of the Bond and other Debts of the East India Company in England, from the 31st January 1780 to the present Time; d ift inguishing the Debts of each Year, the Payments thereof, and at what Time, and in what Manner, the fame, or any Part thereof, has been discharged: And also,

N° 9. A Statement, or Account, of the Annual Profit and Loss upon the Whole of the Trade and Revenues of the East India Company, together with a State of the Debts of the said Company in,

exclusive of their Bond Debt to the ift Day of in every Year, from the ift Day of September 1773 to the ill Day of March Iaft, being the Account directed to be prepared and presented to the Lords of the Treasury, by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, according to a Plan laid down in the Third Report of the Secret Committee on the State of the East India Company: And also,

N° 10. Propositions, submitted by the Court of Directors. of the East India Company, as the Basis of an Agreement with Government: And also,

N° 11. Copy of a Paper communicated by Lord North to the Chairman and Deputy of the East India Company, containing Lord North's Ideas on the Renewal of the Charter of the Company: And also,

N° 12. Copy of the Propositions made by the Court of Proprietors of the East India Company, and submitted as a Basis of an Agreement with Government for the Prolongation of the Charter of the said Company, together with the Proceedings of the Court of Proprietors had upon the said Propositions, and also upon the Propositions made by the Court of Directors: And also,

N° 13. An Account of the Civil, Military, and Marini Cliai ges, incurred by the East 7/zd/aCompany in Bengal, Bahar, and OriJJ'a, from April 1778, to the jateft Accounts received: And also,

Vol. 38.

N° 14. An Account of the Civil and Military Charges incurred by the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and Subordinates, including the Northern Circars, from April 1778 to the latest Accounts received: And also,

N° 15. Memorandum relative to the Accounts ordered on the 2d and 4th of April 1781: And also,

N° 16. An Account of the Value of the Assets in the East India House, and on their Passage to at the Time when the Company reduced their Dividend to Six per Cent.

Together with a List of the said Accounts and Papers.

And then he withdrew.

' And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Papers are preservedamongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for allowing further Time for the Exportation Exportation of, or Payment of the Duties upon. Bugles when ware- of Bugles, housed upon Importation into this Kingdom, and for &c‘ obviating a Doubt with respefitto charging the Duties on Rum imported from Scotland into The Man,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to permit Goods, the ProduQ: or Manufacture Importation of certain Places within the Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in x^vant. Brit if 1 or Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, and for laying a Duty on Cotton and Cotton Wool imported into this Kingdom, in Foreign Ships or Vessels, for a Time to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Lord North presented to the House, according to Supply Bill { Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Daty on Duty upon Almanacks, printed on One Side of any A,nn*nack*' One Sheet or Piece of Paper; and for allowing a certain annual Sum out of the said Duty to each of the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, in lieu of the Money . heretofore paid to the said Universities by the Company of Stationers of the City of London, for the Privilege of printing Almanacks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir GreyGw/ier prefen ted to the House, according to Duties

Order, a Bill for the better Management and Collection upon of the Duties upon Male Servants, granted by an Act Servants, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And the same was received} and read the First Time. _ _

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Harry Harmood, Messenger attending the Grea* £°ea!on Seal, James Smith his Deputy, Mr. and 1

Mr. John Palmer, attending according to Order, were severally called in; and, at the Bar, examined in relation to the fending down of the Writ, ordered to be issued upon the 27th Day of March Iaft, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament

424 2(5° — 270 .

A. 17S i.

liament for the Borough of Honilon, in the County of

Devon.

And then they were severally directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Matter of the Complaint made to the House upon the 2d Day of this Instant Aprils of a Delay in the fending down of the said Writ, be adjourned till this Day Sevennight, the 3d Day of May next.

And it appearing to the House, in the Course of the said Examination, that the said Writhad been delivered by the said Mr. Troward, who received the same from the Deputy Messenger of the Great Seal, to Anthony Bacon, Esquire, a Member of this House;

Ordered, That the said Anthony Bacon, Esquire, do attend this House in his Place, upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis King do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Broughton do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Jones do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Andrew Levering Sarel do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Seaman, Junior, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Gold used The House was moved, That the Order, made upon by Toymen, the i othDay of this Instant April, " That Leave be given &c- v‘ to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into " One Act of Parliament, all the Laws now in being, " relative to the manufacturing or vending of Gold " within this Kingdom; and for ascertaining and settling c< the Standards for the Manufacture of Gold Wares," might be read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Report, which Upon the 9th Day of this Instant April was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Goldsmiths, Toymen, Watchmakers, Cafemakers, Chainmakers, Small Workers in Gold, Chafers, and other Persons concerned in the manufacturing or vending of Gold Wares, residing within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do make Provision therein, for explaining, amending, and reducing into One Act, the Laws now in being relating to the Exportation of Gold.

which has been imported into the several Ports of South Britain from the British West India I (lands, which appears by the Clearances not to have been of the Growth or Produce of those Islands, nor Prize Tobacco, for the Three last Months, ending the 25 th of March: And also,

An Account of Coffee imported into England, from Christmas 1773 to Christmas 1780, distinguishing each Year, and from what Places imported, with the Amount of the Duties and Customs paid on the fame, distiu-guishing the Customs on Foreign Coffee from what have been paid on British Plantation Coffee: And also.

An Account of Coffee exported from England, from Christmas 1773 to Christmas 1780, distinguishing each Year, with the Amount of the Drawback of Customs on the fame, distinguishing the Drawback of Customs on Foreign Coffee from what have been drawn back on British Plantation Coffee.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to confirm and establish an Agreement, for cancelling and making void a Settlement of certain Manors, Meft fuages. Lands and Hereditaments, in the &orth Riding of the County of York, the Estates of the honourable Ami Fairfax, Spinster; and for making another Settlement of the same Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, to the Uses mentioned in such Agreement, was read a Second Time.

Resolvecdr, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanleyf Mr. Holdsworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Linen Manufacture of Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Archibald Edmonstone took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Archibald Edmonstone reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

jDesertion of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Seamen. more effectually preventing the Desertion of Seamen from His Majesty's Navy: And that Mr. Fenton, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Attorney General, the Earl of Li flume, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Stephens, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Accounts The House being informed. That Mr. Tomkyns, from 7he Wdf the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the India Trade. Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all the Goods and Merchandize which have been entered and lhippedout from that Part oi Great Britahd called England, for the Dutch Islands of Saint Euftatius and Saint Martin in The West Indies, for the Four last Years, ending at Christmas, 1780: And also,

An Account of all Ships and Vessels which have been cleared out from the several Ports of that Part of Great Britain called England, for the Dutch Islands of Saint Euftatius anA Saint Martin in the West Indies, for the Four last Years, ending the 25th December 1780: And also.

An Account of all the British Plantation Tobacco

21

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Feneris % 270 die Aprilis;

Anno 2i* Georgii III^ Regis, 1781. Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of the honourable Temple Luttrelli and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others the Electors of the Borough of Milbome Port, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Se-left Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker,

to

Fairfax1*

Eliate*.

Linen Mi-

nufadur?.

Milborne

Port

Election.

2i Geo. III. 270 dprilis.425

to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr Speaker, and One hundred and Nine Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to tlm Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glades, and were then draw'll by the Clerk in the nfual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Thirty-eight Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir George Yonge, Baronet, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioners, and his Name was set a side.

And the Names of Eleven other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note., That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Eighteen other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the I louse; Three, on account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verifield upon Oath; Seven, on'account of their being Members against whole Returns Petitions were depending; Seven, on account of their having already, in this Session of Parliament, served on Select Committees; and One, on account of his Return to serve in Parliament, not having been brought in Fourteen Days.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete, the Counsel for the Sitting Members nominated Thomas Orde, Esquire; to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door oT the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

ring A Petition of several of the Trustees for executing Two several Acts, made, one in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and Widening " the Road leading from the Toll Gate in the Parish of " Kettering, through the Town of Wellingborough, in the " County of Northampton, and through Olney, over Sherrington Bridge, to Newport Pagnell, in the County " of Bucks, and for repairing and widening, or rebuilding, the said Sherrington Bridge " and the other in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, *An Act for enlarging the Term and " Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year " of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the " Road from the Toll Gate in the Parish of Kettering, 44 in the County of Northampton, to Newport Pagnell, 44 in the County of Bucks," waspresented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in pursuance of Leave given by the House, on the 14th Day of February last, Notices were given at the last Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden for the Counties of Northampton and Bucks, and by Advertisements in the Newspaper usually circulated within the said Counties, in the Month of March last, of Application having been made to Parliament for an Act to enable the Trustees for executing

Vol. 38.

the said Two Acts, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, to remove the Turnpike called The Sherrington Gale, in the County of Bucks, in such and the like Manner as are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for removing the said Turnpike called The Sherrington Gate, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Harrison, Mr. Powys, &c.;

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according Sudbury to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House sta'e to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of the

to take into Consideration the present State of the East India Company, the proper Method of governing and managing the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues now in their Possession, and of securing to the Public a just Proportion of the Profits arising therefrom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning uext, resolve itself into the said Committee.

General Burgoyne presented to the House, according Leeds to to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and B enlarge the Powers of so much of an Act, made in the oa Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for re- pairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York,

44 through Otley, Skipton, Colne, Burnley, and Black*

44 burn, to Burscough Bridge, in Walton, in the County " of Lancaster; and from Skipton through Gijburne and " Clitheroe, to Prefion, in the said County of Lancaster as relates to the Roads from Colne to Blackburn, and from Blackburn to Burscough Bridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ewer reported from the Committee, to whom the Inverting Petition of the Governor and Company of the Bank of ^,11 ft England was referred; That the Committee had exa- iu mined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, it appeared, by Two Acts, passed in the Fourth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, That sundry Houses, Ground, and PrerniLs, were purchased by the Petitioners, for the Purpose of enlarging the Buildings of the Bank, and making the Passages leading thereto more commodious.

And by an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, it also appeared, That the Glebe Land, Parsonage House, and Premises, belonging to the Rector of the Parish of Saint Christopher le Stocks (adjoining to the Bank) were vested in the Petitioners, for the Use of the Bank, upon making a Recompence, as therein mentioned. — Then,

Robert Taylor, Esquire, informed Your Committee,

That the Consideration Money for the said Glebe Land 5 Q and

1

Milborae

Port

Election.

Account of Ltce and Linen* exported.

27° Ap

A. 1781.

and IVemifeshas been paid; and the Petitioners have also purchased other Houses and Premises near adjoining, which are not included in the ("aid Arts, and are now become the Owners of the Whole of the said Parish of Saint Christopher, except feme Premiseson the West Side of Princes Street, occupied1 by Seven Parishioners,

and a few Offices under the Royal Exchange, possessed by Persons residing in other Parishes, or by Public Companies; and that the Petitioners pay about Five-Sixth Parts of the Parish Rates and Taxes:

That. during the late Riots, the Petitioners were under the Necessity of taking Possession of the said Church and Church Yard, for the Purpose of keeping a military Force there, for the Protection and Security of the Bank:

That by the Increase of the Business transacted at the :Rank, the Buildings are tod much confined for the Dispatch thereof; and if the Petitioners were impowered to take down the said Church, and have the Scite thereof, and of the said Church Yard, vested in them, it would be a great Security to the Bank, as well as ufefnl and convenient to the Public.

And the Witness added. That there are Three other Parish Churches very near the Residence of the remaining Seven Paritliioners, now occupying Houses within the said Parish.

John Acton, Esquire, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Taylor.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a' Bill for veiling the Parish Church of leStocks,

in the City of London, and the Materials and Scite thereof, and the Church Yard thereto adjoining, in the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, for ever; and for uniting the said Parish to the Parish of Saint , in the said City: And that Mr. Exoer and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having boen informed of the Contents of the fu*d Petition, recommends it to the Con federation of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought tip, and read Setting forth, That the Petitioners have laid before the House, an Account of the Money granted in the Year 1779, examined and passed by the Cnrfitor Baron of the Exchequer, as required by an Art of the Twenty-third of George the Second, intituled, "An Act for extending "and improving the Trade to and that they

have invelled the Money granted in 1780 for the Support and Maintenance of the Forts and Settlements on the said Coall; and that the Forts and Settlements 011 the said Coast having been delivered to the Petitioners in a very bad State by the Royal African Company; several of them still remain in a very ruinous Condition; and that, at this very critical, Period, when Hofiiiities have commenced against the , the Petitioners

think it their Duty to represent to the House, how necessary it will be'lo support the Forts and Settle-

ments, which are so intermixed with th<*fe of the United Provinces, as to require a further Parliamentary Aid, in order to maintain that Independence and Consequence so essential to a Free and Open Trade: And that the Petitioners, being sensible of the great Regard shewn by the House for the B>'itish Forts and Settlement* on the Coast of Africa, therefore pray the House to take the PremilVs into Consideration, and grant such Sum for the Maintenance, Repaiis, and D..fence of the said Forts, and for preserving and securing the Natives in the Interoft of ' Great Britain, as to the House Audi

seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Afnea*

CoapiA]

The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being again returned to the Bar' the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee delivered in to the -House One of the said Lifts, which had been ft thick by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with ia new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which lall-mentionea Lift the Names of Sir George Yonge, Baronet, and Thomas Esquire, being added, the same was called over, and is as follows:

Henry Penlon, Esquire, Mr. Solicitor General for Scotland, William Drake, Junior, Esquire, John Bond, Esquire, John Henderson, Esquire, John Stuart, Esquire, John Darker, Esquire, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, Francis Fownes L Esquire, Sir Adam Fergriffon. Baronet, David Robert Esquire,

Andrew Stuart, Esquire, John Mayor, Esquire, Sir George Yonge, Baronet, Thomas Orde, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of the honourable Temple Luttrell, and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, the Electors of the Borough of Milbome Port, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And therenpon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the First Committee Chamber appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Quantities of Irish, and

Foreign Linens printed in Great Britain, and exported, from Chrijbnas 1776 to Christmas 1780; distinguishing

each Year, and the British and lr\Jh from the Foreign linens.

"A Bill for amending' regulating, cleansing, lighting, watching, and keeping in Repair, the Streets, I^anes, -

and Passages, within the Borough of Devizes, in the County of Wilts, and for preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, T\uit the Bijl be committed to Mr. Goddard,

Mr. Penruddock, kei:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, widening, and altering, the Road from the present Turnpike Road upon Greenhill Moor, near Norton, in the County of Derby to Hdtherfage, in the same County, through

the several Parishes of Norton, and

saga, in the said County of Derby, and nlfo the Road from S/oney Middleton to Tetley, through the several Parishes of Baketoell, Hope, and

all in the said County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Greenh'U Moor, k m Ko2d.

Resolved, That this House will, attheRifing of the rinirr. House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Exportation to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 0i Bugle* upon the Bill for allowing further Time for the Ex- &c.

portation

21 Geo. III.

2 70 — 30° A prills.

Importation of Goods fronj the Levant.

Soppty.

Way* Unci Means.'

Duties

U;)On

Servants.

portation of, or Payment of the Duties upon Rubles, when warehoused upon Importation into this Kingdom, and for obviating a Doubt with refoeetto charging the Du ties on Rum imported from S into

Man, be now read.

And the lard Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve jtftdf i.nto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within the Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in British or Foreign Vessels, from any Place wlmt-soever; and for laying a Duty on Cotton and Cotton Wool, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships or Vessels, lor a Time to be limited, be now read. '

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Th& House reiblved itfelfhdbithe said Goairnittee.

Mr. Speakerjeft the Cfyair.;c.

Mr. OrdtooV.the fcliair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee^ That they had gone tlnpugh the Bill, and made fevCral Amend-ment§ thereunto; which they-had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning pext.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,-to coefider, further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said 0;der being read accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of tli* whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-ipg next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for the better Management and Collection of the Duties upon Male Servants, granted by an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

427

Resolved, That this House will, upon Turf lay Morning next, resolve itself into a Costimittee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being rend;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better regulating Elections of Citizens to serve in Parliamentfor the City of Coventry, in the County of Warwick.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Harbord Hurbord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair:.

Sir Harbord Harbord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made feieial Amendments thereunto; which they had directed icm to report, when the House will please to refceive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be now' received.

Sir Harbord Harbord accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Click's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, lie printed, as shall befuffi-‘Cient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning ne xt. Ten of the Clock.

Cnvr'Cff

£lcCiU>"'

Blipply Bill j Duties on Almanack*.

A Rill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon Almanacks, printed on One Side of any One Sheet or Piece of Paper; and for allowing a certain Annual Sum out of the said Duty to each of the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, in lieu of the Money hereto-

fore paid to the said Universities by the Company of Stationers of the City of L, for the Privilege of printing Almanacks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to aCommittee of the whole House.

Vol.

Lunce, 30° die flprilis;

Anno 21* Georgii IIItW Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

MR. Powys reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of die Trustees for executing Two fevcial Acts, made, one in the Twenty-feveuth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Road leading from the Toli Gate in the Parish of " Kettering, through the Town of in the County of North a mpton and through Olney, over " rington Bridge, to Neioporfin the County of

" Bucks, and for repairing and widening, or rebuilding, " the said Sherrington Bridgeand the other in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of H.s present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers " of an Act, made in the Tweniy-fevonth Year of the " Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Hoad from " the Toll Gate in the Parish of , in the County of Northampton, to Pagneil, in the County of Bucks," was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: and he read the Report in his Flace; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.^o/rn Hodson, Clerk to the Trustees, produced to your Committee Three Newspapers called the Northampton Mercury, of the 5th, the 12th, and the 19th of March last t in which were Advertisements, giving Notice ofan Application being intended to be made to Parliament (or Power to remove a certain Turnpike Gate, culled Sherrington Gate, in the County of Bucks.

He also produced to your Committee, the Copy of a Notice to the same Effect, which was affixed by him at the SessionsHouses at Aylesbury and Northampton, at the

last

Kettering

Road.

3o® Ap

A. 1781.

last F.aAer Quarter Sessions, for the respective Counties of Bitch* and Northampton.

The I-Tonfe was moved, That the Report which, upon the 1 tii Day of February last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for executing. Two several Acts of Parliament made, one in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Toll " Gate in the Parish of Kettering, through the Town of " Wellingborough, in the County of , and through Gluey, over Sherrington Bridge, to Newport " Pagn ell, in the County of Bucks, and for repairing and " widening, or rebuilding, the said Sherrington. Bridge," and the other in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of ddis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging " the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Twenty-useventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Toll Gate in the Parish of " Kettering in the County of Northampton, to Newport " Pttgntll in the County of Bucks," and of the Mortgagees of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Acts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and the other Trustees and Mortgagees, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Trustees for executing Two Acts, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the lleign of King George the Second, and in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Kettering in the County of Northampton, to Nervport Pagnell in the County of Bucks, to take down the Turnpike erected in Sherrington Field, in the said County of Bucks, and to remove the same to the North End of Sherrington Bridge, in the said County: And that Mr. Powys and Mr. Knightley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Oxford Mr. Page reported from the Committee, to whom the

Streets, gjj] to enjarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending certain of the Mile Ways leading to Oxford-, for making a commodious Entrance through the Parish of Saint Clement; for rebuilding or repairing Magdalen

Bridge; for making commodious Roads from the said Bridge through the University and City, and the Avenues leading thereto; for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and Places, within the said University and City, and the Suburbs thereof, and the said Parish of Saint Clement-, for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; for empoweringColIeges and Corporations to alienate their Estates there; for removing, holding, and regulating Markets within the said City, and for other Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, arid made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and h» read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One: and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Henley Ordered, That the Lord Parker do make the Report P "Thame* from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge. B,-jdge over the River Thames, at the Town of Henley upon Thames, in the County of Oxford, and making com-

modious Avenues thereto; for widening some Part of the High Street, and the Market Place-, for lighting and 4

watching, for regulating the Footways in, and for removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances from, the said Town, was committed.

The Lord Parker accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendmentswere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Duties paid upon the Quantity of Cobalt imported into England, from the ill January 1776 to the ift January 1-781.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within, and belonging to, the Manor and Parish of Prefion Bijfett, in the County of Bucks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burke, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Lord Mahon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of PSfliament, all the Laws now in being, relative to the manufacturing or vending of Gold within this Kingdom, and to the exporting of the fame; and for af-certaining and settling the Standards for the Manufacture of Gold Wares: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing further Time for the Exportation of, or Payment of the Duties upon Bugles when warehoused upon Importation into this Kingdom; and for obviating a Doubt with respect to charging the Duties on Rum imported from Scotland into The Isle of Man, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they haddirested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendmentswere Once read throughout j and then a Second Time One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within the Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in British or Foreign Vef-

Account of Duties on Cobalt.

Prc&oit

Br"tt

luck'iu.'T*

Gold afed by Toymen* ice.

ExDorta'kxi of Bugle^ fee.

Importation of Goods from the Levant-'

a i Geo. III. 30° Apri429

fels, from any Place whatsoever; and for laying a Duty on Cotton and Cotton Wool imported into this Kingdom, in Foreign Ships or Vessels, for a Time to be limited, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

debtors. A Petition of the poor distressed Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty's Gaol at the City of in and for the County of Cumberland: And also. Ditto. A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty's Prison at Oxford, in and for the County of Oxford;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Clonceder An ingrossed Bill for erecting a new Gaol and House Gaol, of Correction, and for removing certain Gateways, in the

* City of Gloucester; and for amending the several Acts passed for the Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the said City, and lighting, paving, and regulating the Streets there, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 30. I. 34. To leave out " Five" and to insert " One" inllead thereof.

Pr. 33. 1. 27. To leave out " or" and to insert " and" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for erecting a new Gaol, and for removing certain Gateways, in the City of and for amending the several Acts passed for the Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the said City, and lighting, paving, and regulating, the Streets there.

Ordered, That Sir William GuiJ'c do carry-the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Green hill An ingrossed Bill for repairing, widening, and alter-

Moor, ing the Road from the present Turnpike Road upon Greenhill Moor, near Norton, in the County of Derby, to Halherfage, in the same County, through the several Parishes of Norton, Dronfield, and Halherfage, in the said County of Derby , and also the Road from Stoney Middleton to Tolley, through the several Parishes of Bakeioell, Hope, Halherfage, and Dronfield, all in the said County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 14.1. 7 and 8. To leave out " or Things used

" therein."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Quest ion put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing, widening, and altering, the Road from the present Turnpike Road upon Greenhill Moor, near Norton, in the County of Derby, to Hather-1 faSe>® the same County, through the several Parishes of Norton, Dronfield,a.nd Halherfage, in the said County of Derby; and also the Road from the Road leading from Chesterfield to Hernstone Lane Head, near Stoney Middleton; to Tolley, through the several Parishes of Bakeioell, Hope, HatherJ'age, wad all in the said

County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Henry Caven-

dish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their . Concurrence,

Voi.,. 38.

Mr. Powys presented to the House, according to Kettering Order, a Bill for enabling the Trustees for executing Road. Two Acts, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Thirteenth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Kettering, in the County of Northampton, to Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks,

to take down the Turnpike erected in Sherrington Field, in the said County of Bucks, and to remove the same to the North End of Sherrington Bridge, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Select Committee, to whom the Administr*i«a Petition of John Touchet and John Irving, Agents for *

the British Sub jests residing in the Provinces of Bengal, eD*a ' Bahar, and OriJJa, and their several Dependencies, whose Names are subscribed to the Petition thereinafter set forth; and also the Petition of Warren Hastings, Esquire. Governor General, and of Philip Francis and Edward Whcler, Esquires, Counsellors for the Government of the Presidency of Fort William in , are

referred, have Leave to annex to their Report, by Way of Appendix, such of the Papers referred by the House to the said Committee, as they shall think necessary.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Importation resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill to permit, during the present Hostilities, Q0^|,t certain Goods therein enumerated, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland in neutral Ships;

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 1 fth Day of this Instant April, " That it be an In-" ftrtiftion to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for allowing the Importation of Linen Yarn into Great Britain and Ireland, in neutral Ships and Vessels," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ol d took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account Account of the Quantity of Cotton Goods exported of Cotto‘> from England, from Christmas 17 7 7 to Christmas 1780; c distinguishing how much to Ireland, how much to P Foreign Countries, and how much to America.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Forty Independent Companies of Foot, to be raised for 275 Days, from 25th March 1781 to 24th December following, both indufive, be referred to the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Forty Independent Companies of Fo<at, to be raised from 25th March 1781 to 24th December following, both indufive, being 275 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of additional Companies and Additional to the embodied Militia in South Britain, including Clothing, for the Years 1780 and 1781, be referred to the said Committee.

5 R Thqji

War in the Carnatic,

Savage*

Petition.

430 30® Apr 1781.

'I Iten the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had coVne to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ordalfo acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Refvlved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning hext, resolve itself into a Committee of the vVhole House, to consider further of the Supply grant* ed to His Majesty.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That a Committee of Secrecy be appointed, to inquire into the Catlfes of the War that now subsists in the Carnatic, and of the present Condition of the British

Possessions in those Parts; and to report the same to the House, with their Observations thereupon;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " of Secrecy."

And the Question being put. That the Words " of Secrecy" (land Part of the Question;

The Hdufe divided.

The Yeas werit forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Jo^itobinjbn: J'M-

Tellers for the Nois,^J;^. j 80.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.'

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That a Committee of Secrecy be appointed,

to inquire into the causesof the War that now subsists in the Carnatic, and of the present condition of the British Possessions in those Parts; and to report the same to the House, with their Observations thereupon.

Resolved, That the Number of the said Committee be Fifteen.

Resolved, That the said Committee be chosen by way Of Balloting.

Ordered, That the Members of this House do, Tomorrow, at One of the Clock, prepare Lifts, tb beput into Glasses, of Fifteen Persons Names to be the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Glasses be placed upon the Table, and the said Lifts held up between the Finger and Thumb, be put into the Glasses ‘at the Table by the Members called over for that Purpose, according to the Counties and Places they serve for, as the said Counties and Places are entered in the Return Book.

A Petition of John Savage was prefeinted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, being a Native of Germany, and having served Forty Years in Military Service, was employed, about the latter End of the Year 1775, by the Right honourable Lord North and other British Ministers, to go over to Germany, to raile Recruits for the Serviceof His Majesty; and belkies pecuniary Recompense, was tojbe rewarded With aCommission of Major in the Army, and to have the foie Benefit that might arise from the said Recruiting Service in Germany; and that, in order to perform the said Service, the Petit ioner disposed of all his Eflefts, embarked for Germany, and entered upon the Lid Service, and, from his Connections and Interest at the Courts of several Princes, and great Industry, in the space of Two Months, raised near Fifteen hundred Recruits; and that the Petitioner, having passed into Hanover, to his great Surprize, found that General Fawe Hi and aColonel Sdieider were also employed by the

16

Ministers on the same Service, contrary to the express Agreement with the Petitioner; but, notwithstanding such Breach of Faith, the Petitioner, with unwearied Diligence, proceeded in the same Service, and obtained Leave to recruit in those Dominions, when the said General Fawcitt, and Colonel Scheider could not; and the Petitioner thereupon received the Approbation of General Fawcitt, and Leave was after-Wards given to the said General Fawcitt and Colonel Scheider to recruit also; and that the Petitioner having, at a great Expence, brought above Seven Hundred of his Recruits to The Rhine, and being utiable, without some Remittance, to transport them to England, applied to Sir Joseph Yorke, His Majesty's Ambafiadoc at The Hague, for Assistance, and also to the King's Ministers in and the said

Sir Joseph Yorke also informed His Majesty's Ministers of the fame, and sent proper Proofs of the Men being ready, but without Eflect; and that the Petitioner remained upwards of Two Months without kny Orders or Support, and, having so many Men to maintain, was reduced to the lowest Extremity; and that, during this Time, Colonel Scheider received the Recruits of the Petitioner, and fentmany of them over to England, with the Clothing the Petitioner had given them; and that the Petitioner at length, by the Advice of Sir Joseph Yorke, embarked for Harwich, with Twelve of the Men, and then applied to the King's Ministers to know the Cause of such Neglect and Treatment, and desired that proper Officers might be sent back with him to bring over the Seven Hundred Men then waiting; but the Petitioner was answered, that the Recruits were not wanted, Government having sent Orders to engage the Regular Forces of Hefje and Brunfunck; in this Situation the ‘Petitioner hoped that the Exigences he had been put to, on Account of the said Service, would have been repaid him, and that he should be promoted to the Rank of Major, agreeable to the Promise given to him before he entered on the same Service; but the Petitioner was put Off from 'Time to Time, and ‘fent'front Office to Office, without 'Effect; and that, on the 20th of March 1776, the Petitioner offered his Service, and was ordered by Lord North and Mr. Robinson to attend General Burgoyne, then going to America, to command a Van-Guard of the German Recruits raised by the Petitioner, and sent over by Colonel Scheider (and who were dissatisfied that the Petitioner was not with them, os the Petitioner had promised); and the Petitioner set out immediately for Porlfmoulh, and embarked in a few' Days by Order of General Burgoyne; and that, upon the Petitioner's Arrival at the Army in America, near Fort Saint John, without any previous Notice or Complaint, and for no Cause whatever, as he knows, or can imagine, the Petitioner was put under an Arrest by Order of General Carlelon, and kept a Prisoner at MontrealYYnee Weeks, and afterwards at Quebec aFortnight, and' sent for England without Supply of Provisions for Support in the Voyage; and that the Petitioner, upon his Arrival in England his Complaint

before Lord North and other Ministers, but without Redress, till at the Distance of Nine Months, when the Petitioner received^. 20 by Order of Lord North, with a Promise that he should be provided for; and that, having no Means of Support, and having contracted Debts during a long and fruitless Attendance upon Ministers, the Petitioner was arrested for a small Debt; and whilst he was under the said Arrest, Mr. White, Partner with the Solicitor of the Treasury, informed the Petitioner, that he had Orders from Lord to pay the Debt and Costs, and to furnish the Petitioner with Money, to enable him to go off for and when

there, that he should receive £. 100; and the Petitioner, not suspicious of any improper Dealing, and intending to obtain Certificates of his Services and Expences on the Recruiting Service, went accordingly to Rotterdam, where he was directed to wait upon Mr. Irvine the Agent, to receive the £. 100; but the Petitioner,

ii Geo. III. 30° — 1° Mail.

tioner, finding that the Agent was at The Hague, set out accordingly, and, on his Arrival, was flopped by one of his Recruiting Officers just before he entered the Hotel of Sir Joseph Yorke (where Mr. Irvine then was) upon a Debt of £.30 due to the said Officer for the said Recruiting Service, and which said Officer then waited with Process to arrest the Petitioner: and that the Petitioner prevailed on the said Officer to wait till hecduld go Into the House and receive the Money from Mr. Irvine; and tfiat, upon the Petitioner's applying to ‘ Mr. Irvine for the Money, to his great Astonishment he was informed by Mr. Irvine, that, before the Money was paid the Petitioner must sign a Paper agreeable to Instructions from Lord North, which Paper was shewn to the Petitioner, and is as followeth: "I underwritten,

" commonly called Captain John Savage, hereby acknowledge to have received of Robert Irvine, His 4( Bi'itannic Majesty's Agent residing here, One hundred Pounds Sterling; and the Conditions on which I have received said Sum expressly are, that I oblige myself not to return again to England, nor to make any fur-'* & ther Claim or Demands upon Government, or be any " wife troublesome thereto; which Conditions I hereby oblige myself to fulfil, as Witness my Hand to du- plicate Receipt of like Tenor and Date at Rotterdam this 5th Day of July 1777*" and that the Petitioner remonfirated to the said Mr. Irvine against the fame, as cruel and oppressive, and as a Fraud upon the Petitioner, and calculated to deprive him of his just Claims, but was answered, that the same was done by Orders from Lord North, and that, unless the Petitioner figued the fame, the£. 100 would not be paid to him, at the same Time expressing his Concern that he was obliged to exact the fame; and that the Petitioner, being so ffiftreffed, without Money in his Pocket, a Creditor and Bailiff at the Door to arrest him, the Prospect of a Gaol, and perishing through Want, all which the Petitioner ifold to the said Mr. Irvine, yet the Petitioner was compelled to sign the said Paper, and thereupon receiving the laid£. 100 paid the £. 30 to preserve his Liberty;

: and that the Petitioner, intending to lay his Grievances and Claims before this honourable House, set out for Germany to obtain proper Certificates thereof, and, being arrived at Coblenlz, was put under Arrest by Mandate from the Emperor, and was doomed to Imprisonment for Life, for having drawn the Subjects of those Dominions to become Recruits for the Army of Great Britain; and that the Petitioner was at the same Time informed he had been advertised to be apprehended on that account in the German and other Foreign Papers, many Months before (and whilst he was in America) which Papers are read in this Kingdom, and the same must have been known at the Court of London long before the Petitioner was directed by Mr. White to go into Hollands and that, whilst under the Horrors of a Sentence of close Imprisonment for Life, and about to be removed to the Castleof Coblentz, by the humane Stratagem of a Friend and Brother Officer, the Petitioner made his Escape, and by the generous Afirftance of that ' Friend was enabled to return to this Kingdom to seek i Redress: and that as soon as the Petitioner arrived he was arrested by his Creditors for small Debts contracted during his long Solicitations to the Treasury for the , Reward of his Services, and, being unable to pay them, was confined in the King's Bench Prison, until he took the Benefit of the last Insolvent A&, and obtained his 1 Discharge; and that the Petitioner hath presented several Petitions, Memorials, and Remonstrances to His Majesty and His Majesty's Ministers for Redress, but i without Effect, and is now in the greatest Distress, and l unable to support himself, having expended every Farthing of his own Property, and exposed himself to ! the Dangers, Difficulties, and Sufferings above-mention-1 ed, in performing the said Services for His Majesty the '<l King of Great Britain; and that the Petitioner presumes J the Right honourable the Earl of HilsborourL Lord \ VOL. 38.

431

Viscount Barrington, Lord Amherfy General Burgoyne,

General Fawcitt, Sir Jofiph Yorke, John Pownal^Robert Irvine, .,„ White, and John Robinson, Esquires, can give Evidence concerning the Matter contained in this his.

Petition: And therefore praying the House to take the same into Consideration, and that the Grievances above-mentioned may be inquired into at the Bar of the House, and that the Delinquents may be brought to Punishment, or that the House will Order such other Relief to the Petitioner as to the Nature and Exigency of this same and the House shall seem meet. r.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Archibald Edmonflone, according to Order, report- Linen

ed from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the State of the Linen Manufacture of Great Britain, the Resolutions which the Committee had directedhim to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth, viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the respective Bounties on Plain British and Irish Linen, granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and continued by several subsequent Statutes, be extended to British and Irish Linen, printed or stained in Great Britain, and to Buckrams or Tilletings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Wood and Weed-Allies, Pot and Pearl-Aihps,

Barilla, and that Species of Blue called Smalts, be allowed to be imported, Duty free.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Sir Archibald Edmonstone, Mr. Dempjlery and Lord Frederick Campbell, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The other Order of the Day being read:

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the can5r whole House, to consider further of Ways and Meaqs for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is i° die Mali;

Anno 210 Georgii III111 Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for building a Bridge over the Henley upon River Thames, at the Town of Henley upon Thames Thames, in the County of Oxford, and making com- Bridge, modious Avenues thereto; for widening some Part of the High Street and the Market Place; for lighting and watching, for regulating the Footways in, and for removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances from, the said Town, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames, at the Town of Henley upon Thames, in the County of Oxford, and making commodious Avenues thereto; for widening some Part of the High Street and the Market Place; for lighting and watching, for regulating the Footways in, and for removing Nuisances, Obstructioas, and Annoyances from, the said Town.

Ordered,

"^y

Coventry

fclc&iou'

Leeds to Oiley Road.

Coston Manufactory.

Leedsto

Burscough

Roads.

Oxford

Streets*

432 i° Mail A. 1781.

Ordered, That the Low! Parker do carry the Bill to Ordered, That Mr. Page do carry the Bill to the the Lords*, and desire their Concurrence. Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from Accounts; whole House, to whom the Bill for the better regulat- the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended West India

ing Elections of Citizens to serve in Parliament for ‘ at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented lrac<

the City of Coventry, in the County of Warwick, was to the House, pursuant to their Orders, committed, be taken into further Consideration upon To- An Account of all Goods and Merchandize which morrow Sevennight, the 9th Day of this Instant May. have been entered out, and of all the Ships and Vessels

which have been cleared out, from that Part of Great An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Britain called Scotland, for the Dutch Islands of Saint an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign Eustatia and Saint Martin in the West Indies, for the of his late Majesty King the Second, for repairing Four last Years, ending 25th December last: And also,

several Roads so far as relates to the Road from Leeds An Account of all the British Plantation Tobacco

to Oiley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was which has been imported into the several Ports of Scot-

read the Third Time. land from The British West India Islands, which appears

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title by the Clearances not to have been the Growth or Probe, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, duce of those Islands, nor Prize Tobacco, for the Four passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his lall Years, ending the 25th December last. late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing^feve- And then he withdrew,

ral Roads so far as relates to the Road from Leeds to And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Oiley, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the

Ordered, That M r. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other

Papers of this Session.

Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in Ordered, That Mr. Gascoync do make the Report Supply, the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it jesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent the Exportation was referred toconsider further of the Supply granted <c to Foreign Parts of Utensils made use of in the Cot- to His Majesty.

" ton, Linen, Woollen, and Silk Manufactures of this Mr. Gascoync accordingly reported from the said " Kingdom:" And the same was received; and read Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had the First Time. directed to be reported to the House; which he read

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Ordered, That the said Bill be printed. Table: Where the same were read5 and are as fol-

loweth; viz.

A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty- That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Seventeen eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George thousand Six hundred and Eight Pounds Six Shillings the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widen- and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for deing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, in the West: fraying the Charge of Eighty Independent Companies " Riding of the County of York, through Oiley, Skip- of Foot, to be raised from the 25th Day of March 1781 " ton, Colne, Bunileu, and Blackburn, to Burscough to the 24th Day of December following, both Days in-u Bridge, in Walton, in the County of Lancaster; and elusive, being 275 Days.

" from Skiplon, through Gijburne and Clilheroe, to Pres Ptfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

" ton, in the said County of Lancafterf as relates to the That a Sum not exceeding Six thousand and Tea Roads from Colne to Blackburn, and from Blackburn to Pounds Three Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted Burscough Bridge, was read a Second Time. to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of additional

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Sir Henry Companies and Additional to the Embodied Mi-Hought on. General Burgoyne, kc.: And they areto meet litia in South Britain, including Clothing, for the Year this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's 1781.

Chamber. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Eight thousand Four hun-An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of dred and Fifty-two Pounds Four Shillings and Eight an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Ma- Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good a jesty's Reign, for amending certain of the Mile Ways Deficiency on the Pay of additional Companies and leading to Oxford; for making a commodious Entrance Additionals to the Embodied Militia in South Britainp through the Parish of Saint Clement; for rebuilding or including Clothing, for the Year 1780, repairing Magdalen Bridge; for making commodious Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Roads from the said Bridge through the University and That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand One hundred City, and the Avenues leading thereto; for cleansing and Seven Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Four Pence, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and Places within the be granted to His Majesty, to make good a Defi-said University and City, and the Suburbs thereof, and ciency on the Sums voted in the last Session of Parlia-the said Parish ofSaint Clement; forremoving Nuisances ment, for defraying the Pay of the Two Battalions of and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for Lord John Murray's Regiment of Foot, for the Year the future; for empowering Colleges and Corporations 1780.

to alienate their Estates there; for removing, holding. The said Resolutions being severally read a Second and regulating Markets within the said City; and for Time, were, upop the Question severally put thereupon, other Purposes, was read the Third Time. agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Mem- War.mtJlt Att, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Ma- bersto prepare Lifts, to be put into Glasses, of Fifteen Carnatic, jetty's Reign, for performing several Works and inak- \ Persons Names, to be the Committee of Secrecy aping Improvements within the University and City of pointed to inquire into the causes of the War that now Oxford, and the Suburbs thereof, and in the adjoining subsists in The Carnatic, and of the present Condition Parish of Saint Clement. of the British Possessious in those Parts; and to report

the

Salt used in making Marine Acid.

; Jftxfton Election.

Supply Bill;

Duty on Almanacks.

21 Geo. III.

i° Ma

433

the same to the House, with their Observations thereupon, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That t he Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go, with the Mace, into the Speaker's Chambers, the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The Order made Yesterday, directing the Method of putting the said Lifts into Glasses, was read.

Then the Names of the Members being called over according to that Order, those who then appeared l'everally put the Lifts by them jjrepared into the Glades at the Table.

And the Names of such Members as did not then appear were taken down.

And their Names being again called over, several of those Members appeared, and in like Manner put the Lifts, by them prepared, into the said Glasses.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the said Lifts, and to report to the House upon which Fifteen Persons the Majority falls.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Ord, Mr. Stratum, Mr. Wraxall, Mr. Mr. Sir

William Cunynghame, M r. EliveMr. Anthony Bacon,

the Earl of Surrey, Sir Philip Jennings Clerke, Mr. Eyre, the Lord North, Mr StruttMr. Bramjton, or any Five of them; and they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of a Letter from Grey Elliott, Esquire, Secretary to the Board of Trade, dated the 6th of May 1780, to John Robinson, Esquire, Secretary to the Treasury,

communicating the Opinion of the Board of Trade on Mr. Fordyee's Petition respecting the Duties on Salt

used in making Marine Acid and Mineral Alkali.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said. Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report which, upon the 10th Day of April last, was made from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of John Fenton, Esquire; and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, being In-Burgesses, Inhabitants within, and Electors of Representatives to serve in Parliament for, the Borough of Preston,\n the County of;

severally complaining of an undue Election and Return ' for the said Borough; ,

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Months.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day,1 for the House. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon Almanacks, printed on one Side of any One Sheet or Piece of Paper; and for allowing a Certain annual Sum out of the said Duty toeacli of the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, in lien of the Money heretofore paid to the said Unis'erfities by the Company of Stationers of the City of London, for the Privilege of printing Almanacks, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper reported from the Committee, That VoL. 38.

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the Fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrovr Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do make the Report lonormion from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to permit, during the present Hostilities, certain Goods therein enumerated to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland in neutral Ships, was committed.

Sir Grey Cooper accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to thte Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the- Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by. One; and, upon the Question feverially put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Dut!

ie»

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon upon the Bill for the better Management and Collection savant*, of the Duties upon Male Servants, granted by an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being ra$d, for the Sa,t ofed Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for extending the j„ nuking Provisions of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Marine Acid. Reign of his present Majesty, which relate to the reducing the Duties on foul §alt used for Manure, to foul Salt to be used in making Marine Acid and fixed Fulfil, or Mineral Alkali;

And the House being informed that no Counsel attended;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The House was moved. That the Petition of Samuel Garbelt, of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick,

Merchant, which was presented to the House upon the 24th' Day of April last, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Bill do pass;

The House was moved. That the Copy of the Letter from Grey Elliott, Esquire, Secretary to the Board of Trade, dated the 6th of May 1780, to John Robinson,

Esquire, Secretary to the Treasury, communicating the Opinion of the Board of Trade on Mr. Fordyce's Petition respecting the Duties on Salt used in making Marine Acid'and Mineral Alkali, which was this Day presented to the House, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And a Debate arising upon the said proposed '

Question.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Seven-night;

The House divided.

The Yeas we'nt forth.

Tellers for the Yeas

r Mr. Burke, The Lord A

Advocate of > 21.

1

Scotland.

Tellers for the Noes,f

j 26.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that, the Title be. An Act for extending the Provisions of an A^t,

5 S made

Duties on

Chocolate,

&c.

Importation cf Goods from the Levant

Exportation of Bugles, fcc.

Enfham

Iiidofure.

434

i* — i* Maii. 1781,

made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, which relate to the reducing the Duties on foul Salt nfed for Manure, to foul Salt to be used in making Marine Acid and fixed Foflil, or Mineral Alkali.

Ordered, That Wir.DempJler do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2* die Mail;

Anno 21* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1781. Prayers.

to Right of Common Upon the Lands to be inclosed, of the Annual Value ofj£. 165, who could not be met with, or living at a great Defiance were not applied to; and al so, except the Proprietors of Estates, of the Annual Value of £.25, who refused their Consent to the Bill; and that the whole of the Estates, having Right of Common upon the said Lands, are of the Annual Value of £. 3,309. for. or thereabouts) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the-Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill; with the Amendments; in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments, were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

D E SO L FE D, That this House will. Tomorrow The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Me of Man* Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the the 24th Day of April last, for the House to resolve whole House, to consider of the Duties payable on itself into a Committee of the whole House, To-Chocolate made in Great Britain. morrow, upon the Bill to explain and amend an A#,

of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

An ingrossed Bill to permit Goods, the Product or intituled, "An Act for carrying into Execution a Manufacture of certain Places within the Levant or " Contract made, pursuant to the Act of Parliament Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain " of the Twelfth of his late Majesty King George the or Ireland, in Britishor Foreign Vessels, from any Place " First, between the Commissioners of His Majesty's

whatsoever; and for laying a Duty on Cotton and " Treasury and the Duke and Duchess of Atholl, the Cotton Wool, imported into this Kingdom in Foreign " Proprietors of The Isle of Man, and their Trustees,

Ships or Vessels, for a Time to be limited, was read " for the Purchase of the said Wand, and its Depen-the Third Time. dencies, under certain Exceptions therein particu-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title " larly named," and to ascertain and establish the be, An Act to permit Goods, the Product or Manu- Jurisdiction of the Manerial Courts of the Most Noble fasture of certain Places within the Levant or Mediter- John Duke of Atholl, in the said Island, and to enable ranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain or the said Duke, and his Heirs, to exercise and enjoy Ireland, in British or Foreign Vessels, from any Place certain Powers and Remedies therein mentioned, might whatsoever; and for laying a Duty on Cotton and be read.

Cotton Wool imported into this Kingdom, in Foreign And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ships or Vessels, during the present Hostilities. Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seren-the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing further Time for the Mr. Duneombe reported from the Committee, to Exportation of or Payment of the Duties upon Bugles whom the Bill for continuing the Term of an A#, when warehoused upon Importation into this Kingdom; made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his and for obviating a Doubt with respect to charging the late Majesty, for repairing, widening, and mending the Duties on Rum imported from Scotland into The fjle of Road from Cocking End, near Addingham, in the West Man, was read the Third Time. Riding of the County of York, through Kildwick, to

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Black Lane End, in the County Palatine of be, An Act for allowing further Time for the Expor- was committed; That the Committee had examined the tation of or Payment of the Duties upon Bugles when Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; warehoused upon Importation into this Kingdom; and and that the Committee had gone through the BiH, for obviating a Doubt with respect to charging the and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had Duties on Rum imported from Scotland into The Isle of directed him to report to the House; and he read the Man. Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Lord Charles Spencer reported from the Committee, Ord, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open ingrossed.

Lands called Ensham Heath and Old Coppice, within the Parish of Ensham, in the County of Oxford, and for Mr. Duneombe reported from the Committee, to Toller Laa*

setting out Part thereof for a Common Pasture, and whom the Bill for continuing and amending an A#, Road,

for regulating the Stint of the said Pasture, was com- made in the Twenty-eigth Year of the Reign of his mitted; and to whom the Petition of Sir William Jones, late Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads from Baronet, was referred; That the Committee had exa- the West End of Toller Lane, near Bradford, through mined, and found that the Standing Orders of the Haworthin the County of to a Place called House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Bell, near Colne, in the County of Lancaster, and from a Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the com- Place called The Two Laivs, to Kighley, \n the said County niittee had considered the said Petition; and had exa- Qf York, was committed; That the Committee had

mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame

to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given to be true; and that the Committee had gone through their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto;

Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates entitled which they had directed him to report to the House;

16 and

Cocking

End

through

KiWwirk

Road/

21 Geo. III. 2*Mctii.

435

and lie read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon* were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments; be ingrossed.

Qe of Man. A Petition, purporting to be a Memorial of

Cofnahan, Agent for the House of Keys of The Jjlc of Man, and a Member of the said House, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to explain and amend an Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " carrying into Execution a ContraCI, made pursuant " to the Act of Parliament of the Twelfth of his late Majesty King George the First, between the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and the Duke and Dutchess of Atholl, the Proprietors of The "of Man, and their Trustees, for the Purchase of the said Island and its Dependencies, under certain Exceptions therein particularly named," and to ascertain and establish the Jurisdiction of the Manerial Courts of the Most Noble John Duke of , in the said Island, and to enable the said Duke and his Heirs to exercise and enjoy certain Powers and Remedies therein mentioned; and setting forth, That the said Bill contains many Clauses and Provisions materially injurious to the present Conliitution, and to the Inhabitants, of the said Isle of Man: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Council, against such Clauses and Provisions of the said Bill, and that he may obtain an Order for that Purpose, or in such a Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Council, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if be thinks fit

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Council to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Importation An ingrossed Bill to permit, during the present of Hostilities, certain Goods, therein enumerated, to be ' imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in neutral

Ships, was read the Third Time.

; Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title

be, An Act to permit, during the present Hostilities, the Importation of Goods the Produce of the Plantations of the Crown of , into. Great Britain or

Ireland, in Portuguese Vessels j and the Importation of certain other Goods therein enumerated, in any neur tral Ships and Vessels.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do parry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, who were appointed to examine the Lists of Fifteen Persons Names, to be the Committee of Secrecy appointed to inquire into the Causes of the War that now subsists in The Carnatic, and of the present Condition of the British Possessions in those Parts, and to report the same to the House, with their Observations thereupon; and to report to the House upon which Fifteen Persons the Majority fell; That the Committee had examined the Lifts accordingly, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the Housej and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee find that the Majority hath fallen upon the following Persons

Robert Gregory, Esquire -

Sir Adam Ferguffon, Baronet -The Lord Advocate of Scotland Mr. Secretary at War

Richard Jackson, Esquire - *

Mr. Attorney General - -

Mr. Solicitor General.

The Right honourable the Lord Lewi/ham Thomas Orde, Esquire - *

Archibald Macdonald, Esquire -The honourable George Augustus North The honourable Philip Yorke -The honourable Thomas de Grey The Right honourable Welbore Ellis -Sir George Hoioard, Knight of the Moll honourable Order of the Bath -

449

i6x

160

160

i So

158

157

\u

*5*

*49

146

*45

*43

*43

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

Ordered, That the said Committee, or any Five of them, do meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Pow.er. to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to inspect the Books and Accounts of the East India Company.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to adjourn, from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, as they shall think fit; and to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fit during the Sitting, and notwithstanding any Adjournment, of the House.

Way* Ordered, That the Order of the Pay, for the House |bd Means, to resolve itself into a Committee: of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the

Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions: which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was Vox,. 38.

A Bill for explaining and amending the feverql Laws now in force, respecting the Forfeiture of Ships or Vessels in certain Cafes; and for further securing

the Property of the Owners in such Ships or Vessels against the Misconduct of the Masters, Mates, and Seamen; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preventing certain Abuses and Profanations on the Lord's Day, called Sunday: And that Mr. Solicitor

General,

War

In the Carnatic*

Forfeiturt cf Ships used for Smuggling

Preventing

Profanati-ns on Sunday.

o

436

i° — 3* Mail

A. 1781.

Almanack).

General, Sir William Dolben, the Lord North, Mr. Bolle, m?. Attorney General, and Mr. Page, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply Bill 5 Sir Grey Cooper, according to Order, reported from Duty on the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon Almanacks, printed on one Side of any One Sheet or Piece of Paper; and for allowing a certain Annual Sum out of the said Duty, to each of the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, in lieu of the Money heretofore paid to the said Unniverfities by the Company of Stationers, of the City of London, for the Privilege of printing Almanacks, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and tiien a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Debtors.

State

of the East India Company.

Supply.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the City Prison of London, commonly called Ludgafe, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, Xhat the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the present State of tfyeEaJl India Company, the proper Method of governing and managing the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues now in -their Possession, and of securing to the Public a just Proportion of the Profits arising therefrom. '

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 3® die Mail;

Anno 21* GeorgiiTIItn Regis, 1781.

'RAVERS.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Symons do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of John Bowater, Esquire, and the ho- Bowater'j nourable Frances his Wife, and Edward Bowater, Ef- Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That hv Indenture, dated the 11th Day of December 1773, and made between Edward Bowater, the Elder, Fiirprire, (since deceased) and the Petitioner the said John Bowater (his eldest Son and Heir Apparent) of the one Part, and the said Petitioner Edward Bo-wafer (then Edward Bowater the Younger, Second Son of the said Edward Bowater the Elder), of the other Part; the said Edward ifotca/er the Elder demised to the said Petitioner Edward Bowater, a Dock Yard therein mentioned, situate at Woolwich, in the County of Kent, with the Counting House and Appurtenances thereto belonging, to hold the same to the said Petitioner Edward Bowater, his Executors, Administrators, arid Athens, for the Term of Sixty-one Years from the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Chris then next, at a Pepper Corn Rent, during so many Years of the said Term as the fair! Edward Bowater the Elder should live, and at the Yearly Rent of £. joo for the Remainder of the said Term; and that the said Edward Bowater the Elder died in Augnjt 1777; and that by Indentures of Lease and Release, dated the 30th and 31st Days of May 1778, the Relcafe, being of Five Parts, and made between the Petitioners the said John Bowater and Frances his Wife, of the First Part; the Right Reverend Father in God Charles Lord Bishop of Bath and Wells, the Right honourable John Ptylo Lord Willoughby be Broke, and James Hayes, Esquire, and Peter Bathnrjl, Esquire, and the Right honourable Frederick AugustusFjxvX of Berkeley, of the Second Part;

Hairy Bathurjt, Esquire, and the Petitioner the said Edward Boioater, of the Third Part; the Reverend Robert Bathurjt, Clerk, and Arthur Gregory, Esquire, of the Fourth Part; and Elborough Woodcock, Gentleman, of the Fifth Part; (being the Settlement executed subsequentto the Marriage of the Petitioners the said John Boioater and Frances his Wife) in Consideration of the said Marriage, and for the other Considerations therein mentioned, the Petitioner the said John Boioater did grant and convey unto the said Charles Lord Bi (hop of Bath and Wells, John Peyto Lord Willoughby de Broke, James Hayes, Peter Bathurjt, and Fr ederick 4u-gujlus Earl of Berkeley, and their Heirs, the Manor or Lordship of Woolwich, in the said County of Kent, with all and every its Rights, Royalties, Members, and Appurtenances, and also all and every the Mel- „ fuages or Tenements, Lands, Grounds/ Buildings, Edifices, Erections, Docks, Dock Yards, Wharfs, Quays, and Hereditaments therein mentioned, situate in Woolwich and Charlton, or one of "them, in the said County of Kent, with their Appurtenances, to hold

Page* O Richard Symons reported from the Committee, the Tame unto the said Charles Lord Bishop of and

Mate. O to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- Wells, John Peyto Lord Willoughby de Broke, James

tuled, An Act for vesting Part of the Freehold Estates " " ~

in the County of Kent, devised by the Will of Sir Gregory Page, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to sell the same for discharging Incumbrances; and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof to the like Uses, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be, true.; and, that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Hayes, Peter Bathurjt, ami Frederick Augttjlus Earl of Berkeley, their Heirs and Assigns, to the following Uses; (that is to say) To the Use of the Petitioner the said John Bowater and his Assigns, for the Term of his Life, without Impeachment of Watte (except voluntary Waste, in pulling down Houses and not rebuilding the fame) Remainder to the said Charles Lord Bishop of Bath and Wells, John Peyto Lord Willoughby de Broke, James Hayes, Peter Bathnrjl, and Frederick Augustus Earl of Berkeley, and their Heirs (during the Lite of the said John Boioater). in Trust, to support the contingent Remainders thereinafter limited; Remainder to the Intent that the said Petitioner Frances Bo-water (if the should survive the said John Bowater )m should receive thereout a clear Annual Sum, or Yearly

Rent

21 GfcO. III.

ftent Cfiarge of £. i,o6q. for Her Lifo; for her Join-tire, and in Bar of Her Dower, payable and recoverable in Manner therein, mentions feemainder to the

fain Henry Bathurjt and the Petitioner the said kdzpnrd B&vdter, their fe^ecutors, Administrators, and Afiigps. for the Term of One hundred. Years, in Trust, for the better Securing to the said Frances Poxvater the Payment of the fqid-Annual Sum of £.1,000, so limited to her for her Jointure as aforesaid; Remainder to the said Robert Bathurjt and Arthur Gregory, their Executor^, Administrators, and AflSgns, for the Tern* of Five hundred Years, to be computed from, the Day ifext before the Day of the Death of the Petitioner tnO feid John Powqter, without impeachment of Waste, m TrulL for raising the Sum or Sums therein mentioned, for the Increase of the Portion or Pprtions of 'je younger Children or Child of the said Marriage; emainder to the Firtf and othpr Son $nd Sons of the ody of the Petitfoner the said John Bowater, ,of the ! Jody of the said Prances his, Wife begotten and to be: begotten^ Successively, in Tail Malp; Remainder to the said Robert Bathurjt and Arthur Gregory, their Executors, Administrators, and A Aligns, for the Term of §i^.hundred Years, without Impeachment of Waste, in Trust, for raising the Spm or, Sums therein men-tfohed, in Augmentation of the Portiop pr Portions of she Daughters or Daughter (in case of Failure of Issue Male) of the said Marriage, with the ultimate Remainder or Reversion: to the said, Petitioner John.Bo-ivaief, his I^eirs gnd\^fsigns; and that by the said Indenture or fleleafe, a Power was granted, to the said petitioner John Bowater, fpm Time to Time, during his Life, by Indenture or Indentures, under his Hand and Seal, to demrfe, lease, and grant, all the aforesaid Dock Yard, and certain other Hereditaments therein mentioned, or any Part thereof, unto any Person or rerib ns, fo}' apy Term or Number of Years, |fco take Effect in Possession and not in Reversion, pr byWay of future Interest, at* the belt improved Rent, with-( out Fine, and under such other Restrictions as therein iqentioned; ^ind that the Comprifliopers of His Majesty'yl^^vy have proposed, in Behalf of His Majesty^tljs Tleirs and , Successors, to take a Lease from thpfciicj Petitioners John Bowater and Edward Bowater, jrfthe said before-mentioned Dock Yard, with the Ap-nartenances apd other Hereditaments comprized in the Sad recited Indenture of Release or Settlement, for a tong Term of Years, at the belt improved Yearly Rent; so the End that the' same may be, pmplpyed and made Ufo of for the Benefit of His Majesty's Navy and the Service of the Public; and the said Petitioners are willing to comply with the Terms of the said Pror pofah but by Reason of the said Indentures of Lease and Settlement, and in regard the Poyver of Leafing granted by the said Settlement is confined to Leases in Possession, and does not extend to the Grant of a tease in Reversion, or by Way of future Interest, they are prevented from so. doing without the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring* in a Bill for the PutpOfe aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ordy the Earl of'Lijburne, and Mr. Gajcoyne, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir John Saint Aubyn, Baronet, and i several of t|ie principal Inhabitants of the Town of Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damerel, in the Coutityof Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Town is of late Years greatly enlarged, and become very populous, but the same is not properly watched, and no Provision is made by Law for regulating Hackney Chairmen; Hackney Coachmen, Hackney Chaifemen, Carmen, or Porters, within the said Town; and that it would tend VOL. 38.

Maiu

437

greatly to the Safety and ConvOnienoO of the Inhabitants of ,thp said Town; if the Streets, Laties, and other public . Passages and Places, were properly watched, and if Hackney Chairmen, Hackney Coachmen, Habk-ney Chaifemen, Carmen, and Porters employed in Qarrying for Hire within the said Town, were put under some Regulations; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is ordered to be brought into the House, for better maintaining and regulating the Poor within the Town of Plymouth Dock and Parish of Stoke Damerel, in the County of Devon, and for paving and dearth ng the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, and removing and preventing Encroachments, NuisancOs, and Annoyances, within the said Town: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for watching the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, and for regulating Hackney Chairmen, Hackney Coachmen, Hackney Chaifemen, Carmen, and Porters employed in carrying for Hire, within the fold Town. , ...

Ordered, That the said Petition.be referred to the' Cotisideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Parker, Mr. Rolle, &c.: And. they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had made a further Enquiry, and had come to One other Refold* don; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolution of the Committee was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, c< An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by " Bankrupts," which was to continue in Force from the 24th Day of June 1732, for the Space of Three Years, and from thence to the End'of the then next Session of Parliament, and which* by several subsequefit Acts, made in the Ninth and Sixteenth Years of his said Majesty's: Reign, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1750, and, ' by an Act; made in the TyVeUty-fourth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was amended and further continued until th^ ill Day of September 1757, and which, by several fub-sequent Acts, made in the Thfrty-first Year of his said late Majesty s Reign, and the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1771, and which, by aii Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, was! amended and further continued until the 29th Day of September 1775, and from thence to the Eiid of the then ndxt Session of Parliament, and by another Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1780; and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, isneaf expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolution being read'a Second Time, was^ upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by thd House.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appbinted 'to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to thO Fourth, Seventh, and Eighth of the Refo* lutions which, ujjori Tuesday the 10th Day of April last, were reported front the Committee, who were appointed, to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and 5 T to

Expiring

Lawx.

Ways and Means.

438 3 MaliA.\n % \>

to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, and were then agreed to by the House; That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution now agreed to by the House.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Refb-luf ions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Clauses in an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act against clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and for the more effectual preventing of Frauds relating to the Customs," relating to such Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, as shall be taken in at Sea out of any Ship or Vessel, in order to be landed or put into any other Ship or Vessel, or Boat, and alf> relating to Goods not reported, and found after clearing Ships; and whereby further Remedies are provided against re-landing Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, and Foreign Goods shipped out for Parts beyond the Sea; and relating to the opening or altering the Package of Goods on board of Ships outward bound, and also relating to hovering Ships or Vessels of the Burthen of Fifty Tons or under; and also concerning the Bales or Package in which Coffee shall be exported, and also relating to Rum imported in Calks or Vessels not containing Twenty Gallons at the least, and also relating to Certificate Goods entered in order to be exported to , which were

to Live Continuance for the Term of Three Years from the several Times of the Commencement thereof, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament respectively, and which, by several subsequent Acts, passed in the Ninth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, and in the Second, Eighth, Fifteenth, Sixteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the Seventh and Fourteenth Year* of the Reign of His present Majesty, were further continued from the Expiration thereof until the 29th Day of September 1781, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, are near- expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, " An " Ad to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, " and the Danger of Infection thereby, and to prevent " Ships breaking their Quarantine, and to subject Copper Ore, of the Production of the British Plantations, " to such Regulations as other enumerated Commodities of the like Production are subject," which was lo be iu Force for Two Years, from the 25th Day of March 1722, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts (except the Clauses obliging all Ships and Vessels to perform Quarantine) was to have further Continuance to the ill Day of June 1747, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, was intended to be further continued to the ill Day of Jtme 1754, but by Mistake the Year 1747 was inserted therein instead of the said Year 1754, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Twenty-iirft, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and of the Seventh and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof

until the 29th Day of September11781, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty's Plantations in America, which was to continue in Force from the 25th Day of March 1735 until the 25th Day of March 173 j, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Eleventh, Nineteenth, Twenty-fifth, and Thirty-second Years of his said late Majesty's Reign, and of the Sixth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof until the 24th Day of June 1781, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament (except such Part thereof as relates to the Importation and Exportation of Foreign Coffee into and from the British Colonies and Plantations in America) is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Fourth, Seventh, and Eighth of the Resolutions which, upon Tuesday the 10th Day of April last, were reported from the Committee who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, and were then agreed to by the House; That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions now agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and amending an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads from the West End of Toller Lane, near Bradford, through Haworth, in the County of York, to a Place called Blue Bell, near Colne, in the County of Lancaster, and from a Place called The Two Laws, to in

the said County of York, was read the 1'hird Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing and amending an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads from the West End of Toller Lane, near Bradford, through Haworth, in the County of York, to a Place called Blue Bell, near Colne, in the County of Lancaster, and from a Place called The Two Laws, to Kighley, in the said County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, widening, and mending the Road from Cocking End, near Addingham, in the West Riding of the County of York, through Kildwick, to Black Lane End, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, widening, and mending the Road from Cocking End, near Addingham, in the West Riding of the County of York, through Kildioick, to Black Lane End, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturens, and Dealers in Linen, of the Royal Burgh of Montrose: Aud also,

A Petition

Toller Lane Road.

Cocking End through Kildwick Road.

Ltaea

Manufacture.

Linen

Manufacture*

Ditto*

Expiring

4i Geo. Ill, 30 Mail. 439

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Dealers in Linen, in the Royal Borough of -

thock :And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Dealers in Linen, in the Royal Borough of Brecbine;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Linen Manufacture of Great Britain lies under certain disad van tageous Circumstances, which, if not speedily remedied, cannot fail of producing fatal Consequences to it; and that the Petitioners saw with Pleasure that Spirit of Liberality and Humanity, which framed Lawsfofalutary to the Commerceof their Fellow Subjects in Ireland; but, while they expresstheirentire Approbation of these Measures, they cannot but observe, that they esteem it essential to the very Existence of the Linen Manufacture here, that it be put on no worse Terms than that of Ireland; and beg Leave to mention certain Particulars in which the Subjects of Ireland have the Advantage: First, That by

an Act, passed in the last Irish Parliament, in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, Bounties are granted upon the Exportation of different Kinds of Linen, the Fabric of , to , America, Spain, Portugal, , and Minorca;

and, by the British Act of the Twenty-ninth of George the Second, Linens printed or iiained, or made into Buckrams or Tilletings, are ex* eluded from the Bounty; but this Exception from the Bounty is altogether omitted in the Irish Act: Secondly, The Subjects of Ireland pay no Excise Duty upon Soap and Starch, Two Materials of Importance ul'ed in Bleaching: Thirdly, That by an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, in the Third Year of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures, it is enacted, That no Duty whatever be exacted upon the Importation of any Weed or Wood Allies, or Allies of any Kind, or any Blue called or any Oil

of \ itriol, or any Black Soap: And Fourthly, I. That by another Law', the Duty paid upon Importation of all Brimstone and Saltpetre used in making Oil of Vitriol, an effV-ntial Material in Bleaching, is, on the Oath of the Maker, to be drawn back; and that the Subjects of Ireland enjoy many natural Advantages over the tish Manufacturers, besides these immediately pointed out, and both joined together, mult infallibly enable them to undersell the in all Foreign Markets, the Consequence of which will be, that the Linen Manufacture of Britain will gradually decline, and go to Ruin, and the numerous induffrious Subjects, who were supported by it, will be thrown into Idleness and Misery: Aud therefore praying the House to take this important Matter into Consideration, and frame such Regulations as will most effectually tend to prevent the Evils dreaded by the Petitioners.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue several Laws, relating to the opening and establishing certain Free Ports in the Island of Jamaica; to the allowing the Free Importation of Sago Powder and Vermicelli from His Majesty's Colonies in North America; to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America -, to the allowing the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to certain Places in North America, which are or may be under the

Protection of His Majesty's Arms, and from such Places to Great Britain, and other Parts of His Majesty's Do-Vol. 38.

minions; to the clandestine Running of uncUftomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the preventing the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty's Plantations in America; to the preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; and to revive and continue several Laws relating to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; to the impowering His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and restrain the carrying Coastwise, of Copper in Bars, or Copper in Sheets; to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum thipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British Corn and Grain in neutral Ships: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of she Day* for the House Dude* on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Chocolate to contider of the Duties payable on Chocolate made c‘ in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

ReJ'olved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn* ing, reiolye itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of „ . the Matter of the Complaint made to the House upon the 2d Day of April last, of a Delay in the fending down of the Writ ordered to be irtued upon the 27th Day of March last, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in

the County of Devon.

And Anthony Bacon, Esquire, attending in his Place* according to Order,1 was examined in relation to the fending down of the said Writ.

Then Mr. John Jones and Mr. Thomas Broughton,

Two of the Persons who were ordered to attend the House this Day, were severally called in, and, at the Bar, examined in relation to the Conveyance and Delivery of the said Writ.

And then they were severally directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That it appears to this House, that there was a Delay in the Delivery of the said Writ to the Under Sheriff of the County of Devon.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, gjj* } 5°

Tellers for the Noes, ] JJj; } 4*.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That it is expedient that any Delay in the Conveyance and Delivery of Writs for electing Members to serve in Parliament, should be prevented for the future.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament,

" and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs and other Officers in the electing and returning " such Members," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act, with respect to the Conveyance and Delivery of Writs for elecling Members to serve in Parliament: And that Sir George

Yonge and Mr. Dunning do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Bull have Leave to Duty make a Motion, it being near Six of the Clock. Prize sugars.

And

Duty on Prize Sugar*.

440 3® Mail. A. 1781.

Arid he moved the House accordingly -, and presented bo the House,

A Petition of the Sugar Refiners of London.

And the said Petition way read; Setting forth'. That the Manufactory carried on by the Petitioners is In a very declining St^te, and has been subject to great Lofifes during the i*ft Font Years; that the Lose oftlre I Hands of Grenada, Saint Vincent's, and Dominica, to^ gather with the oapture of Homewayd-bound Ships' from the British Sugar Colonies, has reduced the import of

Haw Sugar into England from a Quantity, ataiOWnting during several Years to 160,000 Hogsheads, of Twelve hundred1 Weight and upwards hr each Year, to ah Annual' Receipt of no more than 115,000 Hogsheadb; and that the Produce of the Island of Saint Lucia, is fo1 very inconsideraUe, astoaflbrd no Manner of Cempeofatron four this heavy Loss; and fuoh1 Sugars asaretdkenifrthe Enemies Ships, and brought into the Ports of this Realm, and, which the Petitioner conceive ought to* be applied (as far as the Insufficiency in the Quantity of them would admit) to repair the Public Lose and Damage-, ahe nevertheless deemed* at the Custokh House th be liable to the Payment (if withdrawn from the King's Warehouse for Home Cowfamption) of tfiofeex-ceflive Duties which> Parliament has, from Time to Time, imposed for a very different Purpose; namely, to prevent the Foreign Merchant or Plhnterfi'dtttbring-‘ ing hither his Produce for Sale for the Supply of this Country; and that these Duties of cOttrfe amounting.to hi Prohibition, the Prize Sugars have been bought up by Frenah, Dutch, and other Foreign Agents, and have beeoicarriled out of this Kingdom (at Prices fat1 below What lliey would' have produced if they might have heenr manafe&ured here) to the great Relief find Encouragement of the Sugar-refming Marttifadtory of neighbouring States on the Continent, Whichnreusually ^suhprkkh'paHy supplie&fiwp'tW Fren'ik Sugar1 Plantations; and1 representing to the House/fhttt, from untoward Events during the presentt War, as' Well aflfrbnr fuif& R'umOurs; the Price oflRww Sugar hath been carried up t®iaa'Heiglitfo cw>rb*tatit\ rhntthe Petitioners Were driven to the NecetfUy of purftring their Yra<#e under inint incut Hazard, and to very heavy Loss, as the Nature of their Manufactory will not1 allow it to be huh de»ky fiifpencled in its course, arrchtbe ohly Alternative l/sfb them was, either to follow a fefing Tradb with a, Capital nearly doubled; in< order to cover;' ifpoffiWe, their certain Very heavy Expences; or torelinquiflithe same without any Prospect of obtaining the Val'ue 6f their Premises and Utensils; and that1 the Buildings occupied by the Petitioners being.oonltrufitedfbr the Purposes of their Manu&story, are fcareejy convertible to any other Use, and the Fixtures and Utensils used in the Bufinefc and of greab Value, and when broke up and fold yield but a very small Part of their original Cost; and that, by reason oft be unprofitable and dangerous State of the Tradd^ many Sbgar House* which were held1 at gneat Rentsjhhvebeen dWrrtantJedy and*are become un-ocoupiedilucing>the laftFour 'Years; to the great* Loss1 of the Revenue, and of those Parishes and Distriftsin-wliidv theyiftariri;andtb the heaVy. Misfortune of thfe:OWders and their Families: The Petitioners therefore hope their Mftnufa&mrt will continue to be-thought an Object1 worthy the 1 National Care and Pfote&ion, as it finds a Capital for the.Purchase'of; and1 renders fit for general Use; that Commodity which'beyond* all Competition is the first in Consequenoe-to thfe Revenue; and that, besides the great Number of* Persons employed therein, numerousdaffesof Men derive Employment from it, aeCoppersmiths, BlacMmiths, Plumbers, Iron-Founders, Backmakers, Potters-, Coopers,-Carters, and Builders of every Denomination; the-GonfUmption of Cosli and' Candles is.scarcely equalled in' any other Trader for the1 laborious Offices of a tedious Process they importa great Number of German Protestants, who for the moll Part settle here, and become in all' Respects good Subjects to the State-; their Molasses yield ing Employment to the rtf.

Distiflery, gives a ^ecohd Profit to the' Revenue; the various Prodddd of their1 Manufactory $ dafrrfed so every. Extremity of the Kingdom, and formS a principal Part of the Home Trade of this Country; and the Petitioners conceive, that thd expelling a crude Commodity, which is the*Object of a* Targe Manufactory, which Manufactory several Acts of Parliament have declared to be of great Benefit to the Kingdom, is not consonant with the Maxims at the Practice of Commercial Na-tiofrs; gnd that it his a diTeft Tendency to kfeep alive the Manttfaddrres of the Enemy, and to enable them to' ekietid theh SUgdr Trade ih eVtery Part of Europe, and to rWife their Plantation llnterest far above that of Great Britain, Wfiilftthe Refinery of this Kingdom, de-preflfed and impeweiifted by a narrow Import, is every Year declining hi its Numbers, BWWings, and Capital; arrfd that the Sbgars taken at Saint Euftdtius, the several Cargoes from the1 River IJfequibd, together with such Ships Us have bebtt lately intercOptbcrrti their Way to Europe', Would, if the same were alfoWed to be refined here under the same Duties ax aVe payable on British Plantation Sugar,- produce a grOlVSum to the Revenue, Which the Petitioners believe may be safely estimated at no less than £.300,000'; and although a Part thereof wotdd probably be refunded in Drawbacks, in consequence of an ittcreased Demand from Foreign Parts, much' tire greater Part mult remain a Nett Profit to the State; and that the Bbard of Trade and Plantations having idveftigated the Merits of the Petitioners Re--

Jnest' in July 1-aft, on the Requisition of the Lords of the 'riVy Council, reported thereon, " That if was a Meafore1 highly expedient ih' feveraf Points of View, that 0 they could not imagine the West Proprietors " would fee ahy reasonaWe Cause of Complaint, provided such Hottfe Confiimptioti ofiPrize Sugars upon a "'moderate Duty w'efe tb be authorized only Whenever ‘♦'the West India Sugars should eXceed a certain Price, "'to bteascertained'in any Bill that might be proposed "'for that purpose';" and the same Bbard1, on. a recent, candid, and very elaborate Review of the Business, have been pteased more' folly tb report' in Favour of the Meafhre; and the Petitioners Hope it wilt appear that the Bill1 they ftdicit would be a great Public Benefit m every Point of View, that it Would tend to uphold a considerable Manufactory upon Which Thousands of Persons depend1, would extend the Navigation and Home Trade of thik Kingdom; giVe the SuCCefies of Mis; N^jtefty's' Fleets'anli Cruizers' thfeir due Operation in checking the Trade of the Enemy, produce a voft* Sum to the Revenue, and give gl*eat additional Profit and Encouragement to the'Navy atld Captors in general, be an Accommodation tb the Pliblic, and no real Detriment to tllfe West India Planters and Merchants': A'rrd therefore praying, That leave', may be given1 to bring in a Bill'to repeal the several' Acts of Parliament which impose Duties oti'Foreign'Siigars, so far as fhfefanie relate to, or may have Been construed to refate'tb, Sbgars captured:from the Enemy on the High Sfeas, or otherwise, and condemned in the High Court of'Admiralty of Great Britain, and to allow the Tame to be entered for Horrie Consumption, under the same Duties as are payable on British Plantation Sugars, Under certain Regulations, and for a limited Time.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and fiate to the House, the Matter of FaCfc contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Brill, Mr. Alderman Stiwbridge, kc.:And they are to meet Tomorrow Mbrning, at Nine of the Clock, in the SpeakerV Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That' Mr. Burke have leave tb make" a‘ Motion.

And. he moved the House accordingly.

1 Ordered;

Paper* respecting £aft India Affairs.

2i Geo. lit 3° — 4»^7«. 44* '

Ordered, That the Papers relative to the Affairs of India, onered by the Orders of this House of the i ith and 12th of April, be from Time to Time laid before this House, as the Papers under each Order severally can be prepared, avoiding in the said Papers all Repetition and 'u;n rtluous Matter; and that the Directors of the East India Company do direct the proper Officers to cause this Order to he executed in the Manner which to them the said Officers shall appear the most effectual for the speedy and substantial Information of this House, upon the Matter of the said Orders severally.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vi eneris, 4.* Matt;

Anno 21® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

Stourbridge A f R- Jervoise reported from the Committee, to Road. JlVJL whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Market House in to Colly in

Cradley, and from Pedm to Holly Hall, and from

Colly Gate to Halefoivai, and from the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood, to Rednal Green, in the Parish of King's Norton, and from Carter's Lane to The Bell Inn at Northfeld, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salrp, as relates to the Road from to

Rednal Green, and from Carter's Lane to The Bell Inn at North field, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and madefeveral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and' afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Importation Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a of Sugar. Copy of a Letter from Grey Elliott, Esquire, Secretary of the Board of Trade, to one of the Secretaries of the Treasury, dated 31st March 1781, relating to the Memorials of the Sugar Refiners.

Ordered, That Copies of the said Memorials from the Sugar Refiners, together with a Copy of the Report from the Commissioners of the Customs on the Subject Matter thereof, be laid before this House.

CropSon Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to Inclosure. whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, and other uninclosed Lands, Meadows, and Commonable Places, of and belonging to Cropfton, in the Parish of Thurcajton, and County of'Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confeiit to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (Except the Owner of 50 Acres of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed, consists of 360 Acres, or thereabouts),; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- v unto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to Mountfomelt whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, inclosure-the Open Fields, Commonable Grounds, and Places, of and within the Manor, Lordship, and Liberties of Mountforrell, in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfybtion of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered ' the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and; upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Holdfworlh have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, for Six Weeks, on his private Affairs. Absence.

Mr. Solicitor General prefen ted to the House, ac* Preventing cording to Order, a Bill for preventing certain Abuses ^rof|n*t'on* and Profanations on the Lord's Day called Sunday: on un And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.-

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, by His Somerset Majesty's Command, House.

An Estimate of the Sum necessary for the Service of the Year 1781, to carry on the W orks of the new Offices at Somerset House, now executing under' the Direction of Sir William Chambers.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 38.

5U Au

442. Mail A. 1781.

An ESTIMATE of the Sum necessary for the Service of the Year 1781, to carry on the Works of the new Offices at Somerset Hovfe, now executing under the Direction of William Chambers,

Upon the nbareft Computation possible, the Arrears due for Works done since the Beginning in 1776, till Christmas 1780, will amount to ——

A farther Sum will be wanted in the course of the Year 1781, to pay for the Works which will be done and brought to Account at Midsummer, about ——

Total wanting for the Service of A* 1781 -

21,207 4 3

15,000 ——

36,207 4 3

- tf

May 3d, 1781.

William Chambers.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Great Mr. Powys presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common ac 0 ure‘ and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Great Addington, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition, of the Reverend Robert Lambe, Clerk, Lord of the Manor of Great Addington, in the County of Northampton, and a considerable Owner of Lands in the said Manor and Parish, and of William Beeby, James Vorley, Elizabeth and John Beeby, other

Owners of Lands within the said Parish, on Behalf of . themselves and other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the Common Fields of Great Addington aforesaid, w as presented to the House and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill, and setting forth. That if the famelhould pass into a Law, it' would greatly affect the Petitioners, and injure them in their several Properties within the said Manor and Common Fields: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or their Connfel, against the said Bill, and have Relief in the Premises as to the House shall feern meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second T'n>e; and that the Petitioners, be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.'.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 15th Day of this Inliant May.

Enffcam An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. Lands, called Ensham Heath and Old Coppice within the Parish of Ensham, in the County of and for

setting out Part thereof for a Common Failure, and for regulating the Stint of the said Paliure, was read the Third Time.

Refdved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing certain Lands within the Parish of Ensham, in the County of Oxford, and for setting out and regulating Part thereof as a Common

Failure; and for extinguishing all Right of Common upon certain inclosed Lands within the said Parish.

Ordered, That Lord Charles Spencer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Fonnereau presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for appointing new Commissioners for continuing to carry into Execution the Trulls and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for making the River Stoioer. navigable from " the Town of Maningtree, in the County of Essex, to " the Town of Sudbury, in the County o in the

Room and Place of those named in the said Act, wha are since dead; and for explaining and amending the said Act, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the.First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enabling the Trustees Tor executing Two Acts, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Kettering in the County of Northampton to Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks, to take

down the Turnpike ereftedin Sherrington Field, in the said County of Bucks, and to remove the same to the North E£nd of Sherrington Bridge, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Powys, Mr. Pulteney, &c. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to continue several Laws relating to the opening and establishing certain Free Ports in the Island of Jamaica-, to the allowing the free Importation of Sago Powder and Vermicelli, from His Majesty's Colonies in North America; to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America; to the allowing the Exportation

of Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to certain Places in North America, which are or may lie under the Protection of His Majesty's-Arms, and from such Places to Great Britain, and other Parts of His Majesty's Dominions; to the clandestine Running of uncultomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the preventing the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty's Plantations in America;

Slower

Navigation.

Kettering Ro ad.

Expiring

Laws*

21 Geo. III. 4° M443

America \ to the preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; and to revive and continue several Laws relating to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in Amer; to the impowering His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and restrain the carrying Coastwise, of Copper in Bars, or Copper in Sheets; to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on hunt shipped as Stores to he consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages, and to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British Corn and Grain in neutral Ships, was read a Second Time: ResolveJ, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejoiced ', That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

adjournment. Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the

House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Piefti.n A Petition of several of the Proprietors and Owners tiilctt of Lands and Commons in the Common Fields, and latkiure. other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Parish of Preston B in the County of Bucks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed and set, of Behalf of themselves and other Proprietors of Lands and Commons within the said Fields, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are many Parts of the Bill, now depending, for inclosing the said Fields and, Commonable Lands in Preston, Bijjett, in case the same should pass into a Law, which will be very injurious and detrimental to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law as it is now drawn; and that they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and ail fuel) Parts thereof as may affect the Petitioners, and may have such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing, the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within,'and belonging to, the Manor and Parish of Preston BiJJett, in the County of Bucks, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

The Lord Mahon reported from the Committee, to Bile and whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing. certain Com*. Inctafure mqns or Waste Grounds, withiq the Parishes of Dale and Stanton, in the County of Derby, was committed -t That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April, 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied-with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confeat to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Vol. 38;

The House, being informed that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Repair-jig Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council Newgate, assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for " completing the Bridge cross the River Thames, from " Blackjriarsin the City of London, to the opposite

" Side in the County of Surrey, and the Avenues " thereto on the Londoy Si<je, for redeeming the Tells " on the said Bridge, and on London Bridge, for re*

" building the Gaol of Newgate in the said City, for " repairing the Royal Exchange within the same, for

embanking Part of the North-fide <?f the said River " within certain Limjtp, and for further continuing;

" towards those Purposes, the Imposition of Six Pence " per Chaldron or Ton of Coals and Culm imported " into the Port of the said City, established by an Act " of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King " William and Queen Mary, and also for carrying on " the new Pavements in the City and Liberties of " Westminster, and Parishes adjacent, and in the Town " and Borough of SouthzCark, and for other Purposes " therein mentioned," the Sum of 50,000 was raised and borrowed, and was, according to the Directions of the said Act, applied towards pulling down the said Gaol, and building a new one instead thereof; and towards purchasing such Houses and Lands as were judged necessary for the Purpose of rendering such new Gaol more airy, extensive, and commodious, and for -making, widening, enlarging, or improving, the Streets,'

Ways, and Passages adjoining or leading to the said new Gaol and Sessions House; and that, in pursuance of another Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for'

" impowering the Mayer, Aldermen, and Commons of " the City of London, in Common Council assembled,

" to raise upon the Credit of the Surplusses to arise out " of a certain Fund commonly called' The Orphans " Fund, the Sum of £. 40,000, towards discharging the " Debt incurred in rebuilding the Gaol of Nezcgate,'

*'and a Sessions House adjoining, and for completing " the said Gaol, arid building ap Infirmary thereto, and other the Purposes therein mentioned;" the further Sum of £.40,000 was raised and borrowed, and has by the Petitioners been applied to the Purposes of the said-Act; and that the said new Gaol was rebuilt, and -the Works and other necessary Buildings almost entirely, completed, when, in the Month of last, the same were in great Measure burnt and demoWhed by a Number of Persons unlawfully and riotously assembled; inso much that the Costs and Charges of repairing t he said Gaol, Works, and other Buildings, and making goyd the Damage done to the fame, will, as the Petitioners have been informed, amount to the Sum of 30,000, or thereabouts; apd that, for several Years immediately preceding and since the rebuilding of the said Gaol, there were, upon an > Average, n ?ar One thousand Persons committed thereto every Year, more than Two Thirds of which Number were Prisoners committed from the County of Middlesex, besides those who were sent from other Jurisdictions; and that the said Gao! in its present State is totally unfit for the Purposes for which it was intended, and unless the same be forthwith repaired, it will be attended with great Detriment and Hazard to the Petitioners and the Public in general; and that the said Gaol, though it has by the said Acts been put under the immediate Care and Direction of the Petitioners, is not only the Gaol for the City of London and County of Middlesex, but is in Reality the Gaol of the whole Kingdom in respect to Smugglers, State Pri-

foners.

Repairing

Newgale.

Supply Bill;

Duty on Almanacki

American Pay nutter! Warrant*

444 4° Mail. A. 1781.

foners, Pirates, and Debtors to the Crown; and that the said Sums of £. 50,000 and £. 40,000 having been duly expended, according to the Directions of the said Acts, and the Petitioners, being desirous to put a Gaol of so public a Concern in some State of Repair for the Reception of Prisoners, have notwithstanding proceeded with all possible Dispatch in fitting up and providing different Apartments for Prisoners, whereby they have already incurred a Debt to a considerable Amount, and, having no Fund applicable to these Purposes, they are under the Necessity of applying to the House for further Aid and Afii fiance; and that the Petitioners, not having been able to prepare the necessary Estimates for the complete Repair and 'Re-establishment of the said Gaol until after the Time limited by the House for receiving Petitions for private Bills, and as the immediate Repair and Re-establishmentof the said Gaol are necessary for the Safety and Convenience of the Public, the Petitioners therefore pray. That they may now have Leave to present a Petition to the House for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That, in Confederation of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read: Containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such immediate Aid and Assistance as to the House shall seem meet.

The Lord North, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman IIay ley, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, &c.:And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon Almanacks, printed on One Side of any One Sheet or Piece of Paper; and for allowing a certain annual Sum out of the said Duty to each of the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, in lieu of the Money heretofore paid to the said Universities by the Company of Stationers of the City of London, for the Privilege of printing Almanacks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon Almanacks, printed on Cine Side of any One Sheet or Piece of Paper; and for allowing a certain annual Sum out of the said Duty to each of the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, in lieu of the Money heretofore paid to the said Universities by the Company of Stationers of the City of Lonfor the Privilege of printing Almanacks.

Ordered, That the Lord No do carry the Billto the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Copies of Lists of Warrants granted by the Commanders inChief in Canada, upon the Deputy Paymasters

there, and transmitted to the Lords Commissioners of H is Majesty's Treasury, from the 17th October 17 79 to I

the 16th November 1780, inclusive: And also,

Copies of Lists of Warrants granted by the Commanders in Chief in North America, upon the Deputy Paymasters there, and transmitted to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, from the ift of October 1779 to the 31st of December 1780, inclusive.

And the Titles of the Books containing the said Copies were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hou fe to Duties 0# resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Chocolate, consider of the Duties payable on Chocolate made in 4c* Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ordtook the Chair of the Committee.

M r. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to severalResolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday 1

Morning next.

t

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House £>utl« up« to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Servanu. upon the Bill for the better Management and Collection of the Duties upon Male Servants, granted by an Act 1

made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His pre- '

sent Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Dutietoa Committee, to whom the Petition of the Sugar Refiners Pn« Sugir. of London is referred.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- (jf-etmeid ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hospinl. House, upon the Bill for the more effectually securing to the Royal Hospital for Seamen, at Greenwich, all forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prize and Bounty Money, and to compel the more speedy Payment thereof.

Ordered, That the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce <30i<j into One ACfc of Parliament, all the Laws now in being by Toymen relative to the manufacturing or vending of Gold within &c-this Kingdom, and to the exporting of the fame, and for ascertaining and settling the Standards for the Manufacture of Gold Wares, be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways »ni ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mean.. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, '1 hat this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday.

Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

2t Geo. III.

jtiunee, J° die Man;

Anno 21° Georgii III1'' Regis, 1781.

P R At E R S.

Crr»pfton , A N ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-loclosure. 4 Y -closing, the Open Fields, and other unincldfed Lands, Meadows, and Commonable Places, of and belonging lo Cropston, in the Parish of 77 and

County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, and other uninclosed Lands, Meadows, and Commonable Places, of and belonging to in the Parish of Thurcaston, and County of

Ordered, That Mr . do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

B4ountforrefl An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,

Indofore. t|,e Open Fields, Commonable Grounds, and Places, of and within the Manor, Lordliiip, and Liberties of Mount for rell, tn the County of Leicester, was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Commonable Grounds, and Places, of and within the Manor, Lordship, and Liberties of Mount-forrell, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Stourbridge An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and Road. altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Market House in Stourbridge to in

Cradley, and from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and from Gate to Ilalefowen, and from the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood to Rednal , in the Parish of King's Norton, and from Carter's Lane to The Bell Inn at North field, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, as relates to the Road from Dudley Wood to Ttednal Green, and from Curler's Lave to The Bell Inn at Northfield, was read the Third Time.

I Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Market House in Stourbridge to Colly in and from

Pedmore to Holly Hall, and from Colly Gate to and from the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood to Rednal Green, in the Parish of King's Norton, and from Carter's Lane to The Bell Inn at in the Counties of

1 Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, as relates to the Road front Dudley Wood to Rednal Green, and from Carter's

Lane to The Bell Inn at Northfield.

Ordered, That ^h'.Jervoise do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1

4B

Cotton A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Manufiftory. Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent the Exportation to " Foreign Parts of Utensils made use of in the Cotton, j *£ Linen, Woollen, and Silk Manufactures of this

" Kingdom," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun-combe, Mr. Bacon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

VOL. 38.

70 Mail. 445

Mr. Ponton preferred to the House, according to nefertion of Order, a Bill for more effectually preventing the De- Seamen.

# fertion of Seamen from His Majesty's Navy: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon ThurjilaySevennight, the 17th Day of this Instant May.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Ewerp re fen fed to the House, according to Inwfting St.

Order, a Bill for vesting the Parish Church of chorcb^&c*

Christopher le Stocks, in the City of London, and the in the Bank. Materials and Site thereof, and the Church Yard thereto adjoining, in the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, for ever; and foV uniting the said Parish to the Parish of Saint Margaret, Lothbury, in the said City: And the fame

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. DempJler presented to the House, according to Linen Order, a Bill for extending the Provisions of Three Manu/adlure. Act.s, made in the Twenty-Dinth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Tenth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of his pre* lent Majesty, for granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, to British and Irish Linens printed and llained in Great Britain exported; and for taking off the Duties payable on the Importation of Wood and Weed Allies, Pot and Pearl Ashes,*

Barilla, and that Species of Blue called Smalts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 16th Day of this Instant May.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

M r. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom Plymouth the Petition of Sir John Saint Aubyn, Baronet, and Poor and several of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Street!. Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel, in the County of Devon, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Thomas Netherlon, beingexamined, said, That the Town of Plymouth Dock has of late Years greatly increased it*

Number of Buildings, and is become very populous —

That it would fend greatly to the Safety and Convenience of the Inhabitants of the said Town, if the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places therein, were properly watched, and if Hackney Chairmen, Hackney Coachmen, Hackney Chaifemen,

Carmen, and Porters, employed in carrying for Hire within the said Town, were put under proper Regulations, by the necessary Provisions being insertedin the Bill now depending for regulating the Poor, and paving the Streets, of the said Town.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the better maintaining and regulating of the Poor within the Town of Plymouth Dock and Parish of Stoke Damarel, in the County of Devon, and for paving and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, and removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances, within the said Town, That they do make Provision therein for watching the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages, and for regulating the Drivers of Coaches,

Chailes, and Carts, and also Chairmen and Porters

5 X employed

Dale and Stanton JncJofure.

Linen

Manufacture.

Importation

of Su^ar.

446 # 70 Maii. . 1781.

employed in carrying Persons or Goods for Hire, The House being informed that Mr. Tomfryns, from Account* <rf within the said Town. the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the

Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain <o the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Parities of An Account of the Quantity of Cotton Goods ex-Dale and Stanton, in the County of Derby, was read ported from ,from 1777 to

the Third Time. 1780; distinguishing how much to and of

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Man, how much to Foreign Countries, and how much

be. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Com- to AmeriAnd also, mon called Dale Moor or Stanton Moor, within the An Account of the Total Quantities of British, Irish,

Manors of Dale and Stanton, or one of them, in the and Foreign Linens printed in Great <nd

County of Derby. exported from' England, from Christmas 1776 to

Ordered, That the Lord Mahon do carry the Bill tp Christmas 1780; distinguishing each Year, and the the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. British and from the Foreign.

And then he withdrew.

A Petition of the Noblemen, Gentlemen, Justices of And the Titles of the said Accounts were read,

the Peace, Freeholders, Commissioners of Supply, and Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the

Heretors, of the County of Perth, in a General Meet- Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House. ing on the 30th of April 1781, was presented to the The said Accounts are preferred amongli the

House, and read; Setting forth, That the Linen Ma- other Papers of this Session.

nufacture, on which depends the Bread of many Thou-

sands of industrious Subjects in the said County, as Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the T)ut!e* n* well as in other Parts of the United Kingdom, owes its Committee of the whole House, to whom it Was Chocolate,

Rife and Progress in a great Measure to Parliamentary referred to consider of the Duties payable on Cho- fcc*

Encouragement; and that the Linen Manufacture in colate made in Great Britain, the Resolutions which

Ireland enjoys many Immunities and Bounties, which the Committee had directed him to feport. to the

give ijt a decisive Superiority over tpe same Manu- House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards failure carried on in Great Britain; for in Ireland Soap delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same and Starch, considerable Materials in Bleaching, are were read; and are as followeth; viz.

not subject to any Duty of Excise, and no Duty is Ref, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, paid on the Importation of any Wood or Weed Allies That the several Inland Duties, now payable for Cho* of any Kind, used in Bleaching, or any Blue called colate made in Great Britain, do cease, determine.

Smalts, or any Oil of Vitriol, of any Black Soap; and be no longer paid or payable.

and that, the Duty puid upon the Importation of all Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

' Brimiione or Salt Petre, pfed in pnaking Oil of Vitriol, That an Inland Duty, after the Rate of One Shilling is, upon the Oath of the Maker, drawn back, and and Six Pence per Pound Weight avoirdupois, be printed or staine4 Linens, and Linen made into Buck- laid upon all Cocoa Nuts which hath beenor shall be rams and Tilletings, which by the British Statute are imported into this Kingdom, over and above all other excepted in express Words from the Bounty on Ex- Duties now payable for the fame, portation, are, as the Petitioners apprehend, entitled Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, to the said Bounty by a Law passed in the last Irish That the said Inland Duty shall be subject to the addi-Parliament; and that a direct Trade to the Colonies tional Import of Five Pounds per Centum, and of Five being now open to His Majesty's Subjects in Ireland, Pounds per Centum, charged by Two Acts, made in the Linen Manufacturers of that Kingdom will be the Nineteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, and in enabled, by the Advantages above stated, to unde, fell this present Session of Parliament, the British in every Market in the World, and mull, in The said Resolutions being severally read a Second a short Time, entirely engross that valuable Branch of Time, were, upon the Question severally put there-Commerce: And therefore praying the House to take upon, agreed to by the House. the same of the Linen Manufacturers of Great Britain Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said into their moll serious Consideration, and grant them Resolutions: And that Mr. Ord, Sir Grey Cooper, such Relief as to the House shall seem meet. Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do

OrderedJYhaX the said Petition do lie upon the Table, prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Expiri.j their Orders, a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to Laws.

Copy of a Memorial of the Sugar Refiners of continue several Laws, relating to the opening and London to the Lords of the Treasury: And also, establishing certain Free Ports in the Island of;

Copy of a Report of the Commissioners of the to the allowing the free Importation of Sago Powder Customs, dated 13d March 1780, on the Memorial of and Vermicelli from His Majesty's Colonies in North the Sugar Refiners of London: And also, America; to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides

Copy of a Memorial of the Sugar Refiners to the and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in Lords of the Treasury, respecting the Prize Sugar Bill: America; to the allowing the Exportation of Provisions And also. Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to certain Places

Copy of a further Memorial of the Sugar Refiners in North America, which are or may be under the to the Lords of the Treasury, dated 23d February Protection of His Majesty's Arms, and from such 1781: And also, Places to Britain, and other Parts of His Ma-

Copy of a Letter from Grey Elliott, Esquire, of the jesty's Dominions; to the clandestine Running of un-Board of Trade, to John Bobinfon, Esquire, dated 31st customed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the March 1781, relating to the Memorials of the Sugar Customs; to the preventing the clandestine Running of Refiners. Goods, and the Danger of InfeClion thereby; to the

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers. encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty's And the said Schedule was read. Plantations in to the preventing the commit-

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, ting of Frauds by Bankrupts; and to revive and con-to be perused by the Members of the House. tinue several Laws relating to allowing the Exportation

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to Papers of this Session. His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; to the im-

powering

Supply.

2 I GeO. III.

po^eping1 His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and restrain the carry ingCoaftwife, of Copper in Bars, or Copper in Sheets; to the allowing d drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be confirmed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of Brilj/h Corn find Grain in neutral Ships.

Mr. Speaker le# -the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they

bad gone through the Bill; and made several Amend* ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received to Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, between the 3 ill of January 1780 and the ill of February 1781, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Distribution of £. Qoo, oooo, Part of the Sum of One Million, granted to His Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be incurred, on Account of Military or Ordnance Services, for the Year 1780, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copies of Lists of Warrants, granted by the Commanders in Chief in Canada, upon the Deputy Paymasters there, and transmitted to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, from the 27th October 1779 to the 16th November 1780, inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copies of Lists of Warrants, , granted by the Commanders in Chief in North America, upon the Deputy Paymasters there, and transmitted to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, from the ift of October 1779 to 3*R of December 1780, inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the Company' of Merchants trading to Africa, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimateof the Expence of the new Roads of Communication, and of building the Bridges in the Highlands of North Britain, pursuant to the Orders of Lieutenant General Alexander Mack ay, commanding His Majesty's Forces in North Britain, for the Year 1781, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House refolded itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to repovt, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrow-Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Sir Adam Ferguson, fronj the SeJeCl Committee, who , i vVoi. 38.

447

were appointed to try and determine the \Ierits of the Petition of the Honourable Temple Lultrell; and also . the Pelition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, the Electors of the Borough of Milborne Port, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That Thomas Hutchins M Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Milborne Port, in the County of SomerJ'et:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined,

That John Townfon, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Milborne Port.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Periled:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting clivers Meffnages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Sujjexand Kent, being Part of the settled Estates of John Radcliffe, of Hitchin, in the County of Hertford, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate and being in the Counties of Hertford and Bedford, or one of them, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the like Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House; And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for effectuating the Sale of a Freehold Estate o Pin* nock,/an Infant, at Nezo Windsor, in the County of Berks, pursuant to an Agreement with Thomas defley. Gentleman; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Edmund Shapes, Esquire, in Honeing, in the County of , in the said Edmund Shapes, in Fee Simple; and for settling an Estate of the said Edmund Shapes, in Rollejby alias Burrow and Repps, in the same County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Rolle presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to encourage the Manufactory of Verdi-grease in Great Britain, and for laying a Duty on Foreign Verdigrease imported: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Milborne

Pori

Eie&ion*

Rnddiffe*!

Estates.

Pinnock'i

Estate.

Mapea9

Estate*./

Verdigreafa

Manufactory.

Way* and Means.

Iflff of Man.

Expiring

Laws.

GrinflulJ, & c. Inclosure.

448 8°

Mart is, 8° Mail;

Anno 2i° Georgii III. ,u Kegis, 1781. Prayer 3.

THE House was moved. That the Order, made upon Wednesday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act of the Fifth Year of the Ueign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for carrying into Execution a contract made, " pursuant to the Act of Parliament of thg Twelfth of " his late Majesty King George the First, between the " Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and the " Duke and Duchess of the Proprietors of

" The Isle of Man, and their Trustees, for the Purchase " of the said Island and its Dependencies, under certain Exceptions therein particularly named," and to ascertain andefttbldh the Jurisdiction of the Manorial Courts of the Most Noble John Duke of , in the said Island, and to enable the said Duke, and his Heirs, to exercise ami enjoy certain Powers and Remedies therein ment ioned, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this Ilonfe will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the opening and establishing certain Free Ports in tile Island of; to

the allowing the free Importation of Sago Powder and Vermicelli from His Majesty's Colonies in North rcia; to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America; to the allowing the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to certain Places in North America, which are or may be under the Protection of His Majesty's Arms, and from such Places to Great Britain, and other Parts of His Majesty's Dominions; to the clandestine Running of uncultomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the preventing the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty's Plantations in America j to the preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts ;and toreviveand continue several Laws relating to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America-, to the impowering His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation and restrain the carrying Coastwise of Copper in Bars or Copper in Sheets; to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on noard Merr chant Ships on their Voyages; and to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of and Grain in

neutral Ships, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Qudiion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Robert Lazvley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands in the Townships of San/inv,

and Clive, in the Parishes of Grinjhill and Saint Mart/, *7

Mail. 1781.

in the County of Salop, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates who are assessed to the Land Tax at £. 13. 12s.

4 d.per Annum, who did not choose tosign, but do not oppose the Bill; and that the w'hole Property intended to be inclosed by the said Bill is afiefled to the Land Tax at £. 77. as.id.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill), and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read.thronghout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questicm. severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for appointing new Commissioners for continu- sto*rr

ing to carry into Execution the Trulls and Powers of Navies, an Act, passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for making the River Stozoer navigable from the " Town of Maningtrecin the County of F.ffex, to the

" Town of Sudbury in the County of ," in the

room and place of those named in the said Act, who are since dead; and for explaining and amending the said Act, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fonne-reau, Mr. Rigby, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereto subscribed, being Freeholders, Owners, and Occupiers, of Lands and ancient Water Mills, lying upon and adjacent to the River Simper, leading from ingtree in the County of Essex, to , in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners Estates, lying upon and adjacent to the "said River, are very much afle6led by the Navigation of the said River, under the Act of -the Fourth and Fifth of Queen Anne-, and if the said Bill shall, in its present Form, pass into a Law, the Petitioners Estates will be greatly prejudiced thereby:

And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill; and that Care may be taken, that the Petitioners Estates j

may not be injured thereby.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit. I

Ordered, That it be an lnftru6tion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the

Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

m

Ordered, That Mr. Palfenetj do make the Report w'cftnvnftjr from the Committee, to whom the Bill for further coni- c' l tinuing the several Acts passed for preventing the I'rauds and Abuses committed in the Adineal'urement of Coals within the City and Liberty of and that Part of the Dotchy of adjoining

thereto.

2i Geo. III. 8* Ma 446

thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint Maty and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex, was re-committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Pec/iell:

Mr. Speaker,

Blackford The Loras have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act lacloft*e‘ for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Commonable Land, called or known by the Names of Tealharn , Blackford Moor, Blackford Ham, and Hare Pit, within the Manor of Blackford, in the Parish of Wedmore, in the County of set; without any Amendment: And also,

Office# The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

and Em- to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify ploy meats, themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissious have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admiftions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; without any Amendment: And also, Halifax Road The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

from for veiling Part of a certain Close, called Shack Field, otherwise Vicar's Field, Parcel of the Lands belonging to the Vicarage of Halifax, in the County of York, in Trustees, for the Purpose of making a convenient Road from a Street called Southgate, in the Town of Halifax, over and through the said Close, to the Public Hall lately erected in the said Town of Halifax, called The Manufacturer's Hall; and to enable the Vicar of the Parish of Halifax, and his Successors, to grant Building Leafesof the other Parts of the said Close, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, without any Amendment: And also,

Leeds from The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Otleyto for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging Skipton the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-Road‘ eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads therein described, as relate to the Roads from Otley to Skipton, in the County of York, from Skipton to Colne, in the County of Lancaster, and from Skipton, to Clitheroe, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

Supply Bill The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Dufies ou' for repealing the present Duties upon Paper, Paste-Paper. boards. Millboards, and Scaleboards, made in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; without any Amendment; and also,

Pratchitt's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled An Act for Eftaics. eflefting an Exchange between John Pratchitt, and William Pratchitt, Gentlemen, of their Estatex in the Counties of Stafford and and for other Purposes

therein mentioned; Xo which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed to he reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for repealing a Clause in the former Act, compelling Coal Meters, to keep Persons stationed at the Wharfs.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Clerks of the Peace in all the Lists of Counties of Great Britain and Wales do, on or before the First Day of October next, make out correct Lists of all Persons whose Names are in the Commission of the Peace for their respective Counties, distinguishing those who have taken out their Dedimus Polejtatem; and transmit the same to the Clerk of this House.

A Bill to encourage the Manufactory of Verdigrease Verdigreaf* in Great Britain, and for laying a Duty on Foreign Manufactory. Verdigrease imported, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of John Jones, of the City of Exeter, At- gieiilor*1 torney at Law, Thomas Broughton, of in the ecU0B*

County of Devon, Currier, and Francis King, of Honiton aforesaid. Land Surveyor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, on the 28th Day

of Aprillaft, the Petitioners, together with Andrew Lo-

vering Sarel, Clerk to the said Joint Jones, were served with an Order of this House, to attend the House upon the Third Day of this Instant May, in order to be examined touching their Knowledge of the last Writ issued for the Election of Members for the Borough of Honiton and that, in Obedience to the said Order, the Pet itioner „ the said John Jones, together with his said Clerk, and the Petitioner Francis King, did the next Morning set out from their respective Homes on Horseback, and arrived in London on Wednesday last, and the Petitioner the said Thomas Broughton set out from Honiton iu a Stage Diligence on Tuesday Morning last, and arrived in London the next Day; and that the Petitioners and the said Andrew Loi'ering Sard all attended in the Lobby of the House on Thursday last, and intend to return Home by the same Mode of Conveyance in which they travelled to London: And that, by reasonthe Petitioners hav.e been taken from, their several Vocations in the Country, and have necessarily incurredconsiderable Expence, they therefore pray the House to take their same into Consideration, and order that they may be reim- #

buried their Expences, and have some Compensation made them for their Time and Trouble.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Westminstw Mr. Pullency, according to Order, reported from the Coal Admea- Committee, to whom the Bill for further continuing luisement. fevera| Acts passed for preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Dutchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex, was re-committed; That the Committee bad made several 38.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Account* That a Number of Copies of the several Accounts and of s«gar Memorials presented to this House in this Session of imported. Parliament, relative to the Importation and Exportation of Sugar, sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House, be printed;

It passed in the Negative.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effectuating the Sale of a Freehold Estate of E 4t0*

5 Y Pimockf

Expenditure of Public Money.

Ad m migration of Justice in Bengal.

Duties upon Servant*.

Supply.

45°

8* — 9* Mali. A. 1781.

Pinnock, an Infant, at Naur Windfirr, in the County of perks, pursuant to an Agreement with Tildefey,

Gentleman, was read- the First Time.

Refdvtd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the several Persons. whose Names are thereunto subsertbed, Freeholders of the respective Counties of,

Hertford, Huntingdon, Middles,

and Nottingham, and Electors of the City of,

which was presented to the House upon the td* Day of April I aft, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Quell ion being put. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Telle*, for the Yea.,{ >£ ^T^d:

Teller, for the Noes, *

So it palfed in the Negative.

} '35-

}21*-

Mr. Richard Smith reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Touchct and John , Agents for the British Subjects redding in the Provinces of Bengal, Bxhar and Orijfa, and their several Dependencies, whose Names are subscribed to the Petition thereinafter set forth; and also the Petition of Warren Hafings, Esquire, Governor General, and of Philip Francis and Edward Wheler, Esquires, Counsellors for the Government of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal; and also the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The Eaf were Severally referred, and who were impowered to report their Proceedings from TimetoTimetothe House, That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table, where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Management and Collection of the Duties upon Male Servants, granted by an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report he received upon Friday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

And the House having continued to fit till near One of the Clock on Wednesday Morning;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to confide;* further of the Supply granted to His Majesty be received thia Day.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 9® die Mail >

Anno 210 Georgii III*" Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

ffRDERED, That the Order of the Day, for the Forfeituiv of " House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole SI"P* u^" House, upon the Bill for explaining and amending the mU£s m*' several Laws now in Force, respecting the Forfeiture of Ships or Vessels in certain Cafes; and for further securing the Property of the Owners in such Strips or Vessels against the Mifoondutt of the Mailers, Mates, and Seamen, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Severuaight, the 17th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of Thomas De la Mayne, Esquire, and Preventing Thomas Greafer, Gentleman, Proprietors of Car life Profanations

House, was presented to the House, and read; Setting 0 Suufcy. forth. That, from a general Regret amongst the genteel Class of People, that there was not any Place of polite Resort within this Metropolis, where Conversation and Exercise might hje united in a general Society on Sunday Evenings after Divine Service, without subjecting Persons of a foperior Rank to mix with inferior Orders of the People in Tea Houses, and such other public Places as from want of such a Place of polite Resort, they were frequently tempted to employ their Evening's Leisure in private Assemblies, where Play, Music, and Drinking, were too frequently introduced; the Petitioners, at aii Expence of not let's than 4,00a, fitted up and opened a large Suite of Rooms at Car life House with the greatest Elegance, after the Plan of the Bath Rooms, and other Places of the Kingdom, as a Promenade for Sunday Evenings, or a Place of Exercise and Society, which was immediately, and continues 10 be visited and frequented by the first Nobility of both Sexes, the Clergy,

Justices of the Peace, and other respectable Characters>; and that, in framing the Plan thereof, the Petitioners were guided in every Part by the ftritieft Attention to the Rules of Decency and good Order; that they admitted no Singing or Music whatsoever, Dancing, or any Kind of Pkty or Gaming, nor any Drinking of Wines, Beer, or Spirituous Liquors, nor any Kind of Exhibitions, Tranl'parent or Moving Pictures, nor De-batings of any Kind whatsoever; that they never opened their Doors till after the Evening's Services and Lectures of the Church were over, and the Company always retired footo lifter Eleven o'Clock, and the Doors were font before Twelve; nevertheless the Petitioners have Reason to believe that several false Reports have been let forth, in Misrepresentation of the said Place, by Persons envious of the very succeseful Reception it met with in the Approbation of the Public; and that, if feme few Persons of light Behaviour foroetimes appeared in the Rooms, they have been font with a Design to throw a temporary Blemish on the Institution, and their final! Number, multiplied in Idea, being more conspii-cuous, as in Contrail to every other Part of the Aflerm-bly, yet, from the w&tcbful Attention the Proprietors have ever paid to their Duty, and Honour to the Public, every such improper Object has been with all possible Care refused Admittance; and from this EmbarralT- ‘ ment to improper Admifitons, and every other attentive Regard to Decency and good Order, the original In-ilitution has given Proof of its Merit, in becoming a Recreation useful to Society, where Innocence, Tftfte, and Politenefe, can engage Yifitors; and that, for the above Reason and ' .'onsideration, the Petitioners hope, the decent and virtuous Institlition of the Promenade may not be included nothin, the Bilbuow depending, for; 5 preventing

F.aft India Account!.

I Lecdi to fiorfcough Roads.

si Geo. III. 9* Mail

45*

preventing certain Abuses and Profanations on the Lord's Day, without a Proof of any one Charge of Irregularity or Breach of His Majesty's Peace brought again# it, but that it may be exempted therefrom by some particular Clause to be made in the Bill; and that the Petitioners may be beard, by Counsel, again# the said Bill, or that the Petitioners, should they be included in the said Bill, may receive some adequate Compensation for the large Sum of Money laid out and expended by them as aforesaid in the above Institu-tion, under the Countenance and Favour of the* Public, and agreeable to the then existing Laws of this Country \ or that they may be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall seem raget.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the BiH for preventing certain Abuses and Profanations on the Lord's Day called Sunday, be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Michell, from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The Taft. Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, prefen ted to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N* i. Extracts of Advices to Fort Saint George, relative to the public and private Debts of the Nabob of ArAit: And also,

N° 2. Extracts of Advices from Fo^t Saint George, relative to the.public and private Debts of the Nabob of Arcot: And also,

N° 3. Extracts of Fort Saint George Confutations, relative to the public and private Debts of the Nabob of ftrcot r And also,

N° 4. Annual Rent and; Revenue of the Nabob of Tfye Ckrnatiq: And also,

N° 5. An Account of the Sums which ought annually to be paid by the Nabob of Arcot to the East India Company, for Troops or otherwise, #00x1775, to the last Accounts received: And also,

N° 6. An Account of all Payments made by, and Sums due or claimed to be due from, the King of Tanjore to the East India Company, from 1776 to the last Accounts received: And also,

N° 7. Copies of Papers relative to the Restoration of the King of Tanjore, the Arrest of the Right honourable George Lord Pigoty and the Removal of his Lordship from the Government of Fort Saint George by sundry Members of the Council, in Two Volumes: And also,

N° 8. The Restoration of the King of Tanjore considered, with an Appendix, in Three Volumes: And also,

N° 9. Papers relative to Mr. Ben field.

Together with a List of the said Papers and Accounts. And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peru fed by the Members of the House.

The said Papers and Accounts are preserved among# the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Henry Hoghton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Leeds, " in the West Riding of the County of York, through " Otley, Skipton % Colney Burnley, and Blackburn, to " Burscough Bridge in Waltony in the County of Lancaster; and from Skipton through Gijburne and " Clitheroe, to Preftony in the said County of Lancasteras relates to the Roads from Colne to Blackburn, and from Blackbur n to Burscough Bridge, was «®pippi[V<$ $ That the Committee had examined the Vol. 38.

Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directod him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by* the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossfed.

Sir James Tilney Long reported from the Committee, Devizes to whom the BiH for amending, regulating, cleauiing. Streets. ' lighting, watching, and keeping in Repair, the Streets,

Lanes, and Passages, wifehm the Borough of Devizes, in the County of Wilts, and for preventing Ntiifances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the BiH, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and marie several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in hia Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in gr oiled.

A Petition of the Sugar Refiners of the City of duties on Bi'iftol, was prefen ted to the House, and read; Setting nzc u*ar## forth, That the Petitioners have laboured, for some*

Years past, under the Disadvantage of a losing and ruinous Trade, on which Account many of them, who were concerned in large and extensive Manufactories rrt the said City, have been obliged to discontinue the fame, and some of the principal of them have shut up their Houses, which cost from Eight to Ten thousand Pounds each in erecting, whillt others have found themselves under the disagreeable Necessity of lessening their Business considerably; and that the Loss of the captured Islands, together with the late dreadful Hurricanes in The West Indies, and the great Rilque of Navigation in Times of War, mull necessarily lessen the ensuing Imports; and from these unavoidable Consequences the Petitioners labour under much greater Disadvantages than the Refiners of other Kingdoms, as all Sugars captured by the Enemy go in Aid to the Foreign Manufacturers, whilst all those captured by British Ships are obliged to be sold for Foreign Markets: And the Petitioners therefore hope, That the House will take into their Consideration a Petition lately presented by the Sugar Refiners of Ijondony praying for Leave to use Prize Sugars in their Manufactories, and, if it shall seem meet to the House, to grant this Liberty, subject to itich moderate Duties only as will enable them to work such Sugars, the Petitioners think it will greatly tend to relieve them from the great Disadvantages and Inconveniencies under which they at present Labour.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Sugar Refiners of London is referred.

An ingrossed Bill to continue several Laws, relating fixniring to the opening and establishing certain Free Ports in the Laws. Island of Jamaica; to the allowing the free Importation of Sago Powder and Vermicelli from His Majesty's Colonies in North America; to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America; to the allowing the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to certain Places in North America, which are

or

45* $ Maii. ' 1781.

or may be undef the Protection of His Majesty's Arms; and from such Places to Great and other Parts

of His Majesty's Dominions; to the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the preventing the clandestine Running of Goods and the Danger of Infedtion thereby; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty's Plantations in America-, to tfte preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; and to revive and continue several Laws relating to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in to the impowering His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation and restrain the carrying Coastwise of Copper in Bars or Copper in Sheets; to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British Corn and Grain in neutral Ships, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Adfc to continue several Laws, relating to the opening and establishing certain Free Ports in the Island o f Jamaica-,to the allowing the free Importation

of Sago Powder and Vermicelli, from His Majesty's Colonies in North America; to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America; to the allowing the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to certain Places in North America, which are or may be under the Protection of His Majesty's Arms, and from such Places to Great Britain, and other Parts of His Majesty's Dominions; to the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the preventing the clandestine Running of Goods and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty's Plantations in Americai to the preventing the committing of Frauds

by Bankrupts j and to revive and continue several Laws relating, to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; to the impowering His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation and restrain the carrying Coastwise of Copper in Bars or Copper in Sheets; to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages, and to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British Com and Grain in Neutral Ships.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for preventing certain Abuses and Profanations on the Lord's Day called Sunday, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

A Petition of the Prisoners, confined for Debt in His Majesty's Gaol in the Borough of Liverpool, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Charles Cocks presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

A Paper, intituled, " Charge of Services performed, " and Estimate of the Charge of Services necessary to " be performed, by the Office of Ordnance within the " Year 1781, exclusive of those Services which were " specified in the last Estimate presented by the said " Office to Parliament; Land Service."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The said Paper is as followeth; viz.

CHARGE

Prevent^ Profanation of Suidiv,

Debtors,

Ordnance

Services.

Coventry

EJe&iou.

21 Geo. III. 9'Mail

453

CHARGE of Services performed, and Estimate of the Charge of Services necessary to be performed, by the Office of Ordnance, within the Year 1781, exclusive of those Services which were specified in the kit Estimate presented by the said Office to Parliament.

L'

To purchase Lands £. 24,288, erecting Works £. 30,250, and making Floating Batteries £. 10,000, for Defence of the Coast -

To make good the Damage done to the Powder Works at Feversham, by Fire Powder, Shot, Shells, Timber, and other Stores, demanded for Defence of Gibraltar, also Bills of Exchange drawn on Account of the Blockade, by Order of the Governor Bills of Exchange, on Account of the Works at Minorca -

Bills of Exchange, drawn on Account of Works carrying on in , by Order of

General Campbell.....- -

Stores and Materials demanded for Service of the Island of Goree, and also on Account of Works there

1,200 Barrels of Powder sent to Halifax in Nova Scotia -

300 Stand of Arms, and 785 Sets of Barrack Bedding, for St. John's Newfoundland

64»538 ——

5,000 ——

59>7°9 ,13 6

4,250 ——

20,500 15 1

5.895 7 —

5,400 ——

3,364 2 11

£. s. d.

Expence of erecting a new Fort in the Island of Jersey - - - 68,750 ——

Shot, Shells, Powder, and other Stores, sent for Defence of the said Iffand 10,633 15 6

Carronades and Stores for Virginia

Office of Ordnance, 9th May 1781.

79.383 15 6

4,062 9 4

252>104 3 4

Amherst, Cha* Cocks,

//. Strachey, J. Kenrick.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better regulating Elections of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of , in the County of

Warwick, was committed.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for taking the Votes by Tallies

And the said Clause was read the FirflYime with a Blank.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller* for the Yeas f

J ellers for the eas, Mr_

rp , - v f The Lord Sheffield, } a

Teller, for the Noes,' The , (m| BJu(.hamp: , 5<S.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then sevend Amendments were made, by the

House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

VOL. 38.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of all Transport Ships hired by Messieurs r*anfporU» Mure and Atkinson during the Four last Years of the War, specifying the Time of Service, the Amount of Freight, and Time of their Discharge, distinguishing each Year; as also such Ships as may have been employed in bringing Cargoes of Sugars, and other Goods, from The West India Blands during the Time they were employed on public Service.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Com- Supply,

mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three Millions Four hundred and Forty-three thousand Two hundred and Seventeen Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Eight Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, incurred between the 31st DnyoUanuanj 1780 and the lft Day o 781, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Nine hundred Ninety-four Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Expences of the new Roads of Communication, and

5 Z building

Bute of the £(1 India Company.

Supply.

Way» and Means.

Beverky Small Debts.

Cotton

Manulj&ory.

454 9° — 10° Mali.A. 1781.

building Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in the Year 1781. ingrossed.

liefolved. That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum,' not exceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds, A Message front the Lords, by Mr. and

be granted to Mis Majesty, to be employed in repair- Mr. Pec hell: ing, maintaining, and supporting, the British Forts Mr. Speaker,

ami Settlements on the Coast of Africa. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An E*pore«U*

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Act for allowing further Time for the Exportation Buglet,

Time, were, upon the Question severally put there- of» or Payment of the Duties upon, Bugles when c'

upon, agreed to by the House. warehoused upon Importation into this Kingdom,

- and for obviating a Doubt with respect to charging the

The other Orders of the Day being read; Duties on Rum imported from Scotland into The Isle

Re/blved, That this House will,' upon this Day Seven- <tf Man; without any Amendment: And also,

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Importer* rioufe, to take into Considerution the present State of Act to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture °ffGcT| the East India Company, the proper Method of of certain Places within the Levant or Mediterranean

governing and managing the Territorial Acquisitions Seas*to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland,

and Revenues nowin their Possession, and of securing in British or Foreign Vessels, from any Place what-

tQ the Public a just Proportion of the Profit? arising soever, and for laying a Duty on Cotton and Cotton

therefrom. Wool imported into this Kingdom, in Foreign Ships or

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Vessels, during the present Hostilities; without any ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Amendment: And also,

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Important His Majesty. to permit, during the present Hostilities, the Importation of Portugal

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- of G°ods, the Produce of the Plantations of the Crown ood‘-ing next, resolve itself into "a Committee of the whole of Portugal, into Great Britain or Ireland, in Portirgueze House, to consider further of Ways and Means for Vessels, and the Importation of certain other Goods raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. therein enumerated, in any neutral Ships and Vessels j

' without any Amendment: And also,

And then th? House adjourned till Tomorrow The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Leeds to Morning, Teu of the Clock. Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed Otiey Rwi

in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late

_____________ . _______ Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several

Roads, so far as relates to the Road from Leeds to Otiey,

Jovis, IO* dit MaiiJ in the West Riding of the County of; without J any Amendment: And also* 1

Anno 41* Georgii IIP Regis, 1781. Jhe Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An GreenhiB

Act for repairing, widening, and altering the Road Pa a Vers. from the present Turnpike Road upon Greenhill Moor,

near Norton, in the County of Derby, to Hathersage,

TVyCR. Duncombe reported from ihe Committee, to in the same County, through the several Parishes of 1Y± whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Norton, Drorfcld, and Hathersage, in the said County Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Liberties of Derby, and also the Road from the Road leading from of Beverley, in the County of York, and the several Cheferfield to Hernstone Lane Head, near Stoney -Parishes of the same Town, was. committed; That the die ton, to Tot ley, through the several Parishes of Bakewell,

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, Hope, Hathersage, and Dronfield, all in the said County and found the same to be true; and that the Committee of Derj without any Amendment: And also, had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- The Lords have paired a Bill, intituled, An Act for Baker', ments thereunto; which they had directed him to vesting Part of the settled Estate of John Baker, Esquire, Efcte. report to the House; and he read the Report in his jn Fol in the County of Kent, in the said John Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Baker in Fee Simple, and for settling another Estate Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the of the said John Baker, in the said County of Kent, of Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a equal Value, in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question the Concurrence of this House: And also, severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Ear! of R*t.

And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the veiling several Lands and Hereditaments therein men- uor *Eftau». Bill. tioned, of which Jacob Earl of Radnor is Tenant for

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Life, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the ingrossed. Monies to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other

Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to Uses, instead thereof; to which the Lords desire the whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Concurrence of this House.

Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, , And then the Messengers withdrew, intituled, "An Act to prevent the Exportation to

" Foreign Parts of Utensils made life of in the Cotton, An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter and £w<|s to " Linen, Woollen, and Silk Manufactures of this enlarge the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Biirtcou^b Kingdom," was committed; That the Committee Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for re-ments thereunto; which they had directed him to " pairing and widening the Roads from the Town of report to the House; and he read the Report in his " Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the " through and

Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the " to Burscough Bridge, in Walton, in the County of Amendments were Once read throughout; and then " Lancaster; and from Skipton, through GUbunte and a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question " Clitheroc, to Preston, in t he said County of Lancaster,'' severally put thereupon, were agreed to hv the House. as relates to the Roads from Colne to Blackburn, and 16 from

J

Leke

nciolurt.

rstminster «>a* A-:-asure enter,

Map*'

£llaiv>.

Fratchiti's

Etfates.

Preftnn

| Biflttc llccioiure.

ai Geo. III. io°

from Blackburn to Burfcotigh Bridge, was read the Third

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of To much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Roads from the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, through " O/ley, Skipton, Colne, Burnley, and Blackburn, to " Burscough Bridge, in Walton, in the County of -

" cq/ter-, and from Skipton ,through Gi/burne and

" tiurne, to Preston, in the said County of Lancaster,"

as relates to the Roads from to Blackburn, and from Blackburn to Burscough Bridge.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Hoghlon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Lammas Closes, Meadows, Failures, and Commons, within the Lordiliip or Liberty of Great Leke, otherwise East Leke, in the County of Nottingham, be read a Second Time upon

TuefdtiyMorning next.

An ingrossed Bill for further continuing the several Acts passed for preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasureroent of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Dutchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint Mary le Bon, and fugh Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew as lies

in the County of Middlesex, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pc. 2. 1. 6. After Reign" to insert " and was " amended by the last of such *» Acts."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for further continuing and amending the several Acts passed for preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Dutchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint Mary le Brn, and such Part of the Paritti of Saint Andrew -

barn as lies in the County of

Ordered, That Sir James P do carry the Bill to ti.e Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrotted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Esquire, in Hunting, in the County of Norfolk, in the fai«l Edmund Shapes, in Fee Simple; and for settling an F.state of the said Edmund Shapes, in Rollejby Btirgh, alias Burrow and Repps, in the same County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrotted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effecting an Exchange between John and

William Pratchitt, Gentlemen, of their Estates in the Counties of Stafford and Salop, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Earl Verneyreported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within, and belonging to, the Manor and Parish of Preston Biffett, in the County of Bucks, was

committed; and to whom the Petition of several of the Proprietors and Owners of Lands and Commons in the . Vol. 38.

Maii. 455

Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Parish of Preston Bijfett, in the County of Bucks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed and set, on Behalf of themselves and other Proprietors of Lands and Commons within the said Fields, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had

been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the O.ueftion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Morris, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Amount of the Inland Duties Account of " of Excise paid on Coffee imported, from 5th July Dotfe* oa " 1773 to 5th July 1780, distinguishingeach Year, and ^offee*

" also what has been paid on Foreign Coffee from what " has been paid on British Plantation Coffee."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Greenwich a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Hofpuat more effectually securing to the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, all forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prize and Bounty Money, and to compel the more speedy Payment thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gascoyne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gascoyne reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the Housewill please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House VerdlgreaAi to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Manuhftory, upon the Bill to encourage the Manufactory of Verdi-grease in Great Britain, and for laying a Duty on Foreign Verdigrease imported, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Report, which, upon the 3d Day of April last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John William AnderfJohn Hopkins, and William Bartlett, Merchants and Proprietors of the Works established at Nexonham, in Gloucestershire, for the Manufacture of Verdigrease, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- mil tee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Guifetook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Guise reported from t he Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several

Amendments

45<5

10

11

Mail.

A. 17S1.

Baker's

Eilaie.

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to:report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Ellate of Baker, Esquire, in Fo Ikstone, in the County of Kent, in the said John Baker, in Fee Simple, and for settling another Estate of the said John Baker, in the said County of Kent, of equal Value, in lieu thereof, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to promote the Residence of the " Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more " speedy and effectual building, re-building, repairing, " orpurchasing, Houses and other necessary Buildings " and Tenements, for the Use of their Benefices," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Gilbert and Mr. Jack/on do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Accounts in Ordered, That there belaid before this House, a Copy

thr\aP*>r*^ the last Half Yearly Certificate of the State of the Accounts depending in the Offices of the Auditors of His Majesty's Imprell.

Pev'zes

fcfrccK

Residence of the Clergy.

Prtfios

billctl

Incline.

Office.

Reports from Resolved, That this House will immediately resolve Commission- jtself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into m of Public Consideration the several Reports which have been pre-ounts. fente(j to this House in this Session of Parliament, from the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and Hate the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said several Reports which were presented to this House upon the 13th and 27th Days of November, the 31st Day of the 7 th Day of

March, and the 9th Day of April last, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make several Motions, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Gold used by Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Toymen,&c. Copy of the Report from the Officers of the Mint to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, with respect to the Bill now depending, to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, all the Laws now in being relative to the manufacturing or vending of Gold within this Kingdom, and to the ex-, porting of the fame, and for ascertaining and settling the Standards for the Manufacture of Gold Wares.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Chart tc. Roads.

Veneris^ ii° Mali;

Anno at® Georgii III. ui Regis, 17S1.

Pray ers.

AN ingrossed Bill.for amending, regulating, cleansing, lighting, watching, and keeping in Repair, the Streets, l^mes, and Passages within the Borough of

Devizes, in the County of Wiltsand for preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, regulating, cleansing, light in g, watching, and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the Borough of The Devizes, in the County of Wilts, and for preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein.

Ordered, That Sir James Ti/lney Long do carry th Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within, and belonging to, the Manor and Parirtiof P ref on Bifelt, in the County of Bucks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within, and belonging to, the Manor and Parish of Preston Bifelt, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That the Earl Fernet/ do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. *

Mr. Pordett reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Eall End of the Town of Chard to the South End of Moor, and from the West End of the Yeovil Turnpike Road, through Ilmifer, to Kenny Gale, and from the West End of Pease Marfi Lane to Horton Elm, and from liane Hill to Ilmifer, and from White Cross to Down, and from a Place called Three Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to Bridge Cross in the County of Somerset.; and for repealing an Act, made in the Thirty-feeond Year of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bid, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands in the Townships of Saufaw, and Clive, in the Parishes and Saint

Mary, in the County of Salop, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands in the Townships of Grin/hiU, and

Clive, in the Parishes of Grinjhill and Maty, in

the County of Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteneydo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

t ' Kirrl'O

Mr. Thomas Bates Botts reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open

a nil

GrinfMJ,

&.C.

Jnclufure*

2t Geo. III. r i®

‘ and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other

Commonable Land, within the Manor and Parish of Kington, in the County of was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April, 1774, relative to Bills oflnclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed ' him to report to the House; and he read the Report in

1 his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Pozoys reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Trustees for executing Two Acts, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for, repairing the Road from Kettering, in the County of Northampton, to Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks, to take down the Turnpike erected in Sherrington Field, in the said County of Bucks, and to remove the same to the North End of Sherringtoji Bridge, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's'I'able: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

H»nbury Mr. Powys presented to the House, according to iiiclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Grounds with the Parish of in the County of W: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Radnor* for vesting several Lands and Hereditaments therein EtUcc*. mentioned, of which Jacob Earl of Radnor is Tenant for Life, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Monies to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, instead thereof, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

PIvmoirh Mr. Rolle presented to the House, according to Poor and Order, a Bill for the better maintaining and regulating Streets. of the Poor within the Town of Plymouth Dock and Parish of Stoke Da mar ell, in the County of Devon, and for paving, cleansing, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, and removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and regulating the Drivers of Coaches, Chaises, and Carts, and also Chairmen and Porters, within the said Town: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rif lived, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Jn„?fling st. A Bill for vesting the Parish Church of Saint Christopher's phcr Iw Stocks, in the City of London, and the Materials Church, &c. an{j Scite thereof, and the Church Yard thereto adjoin-

in the Bank. Vql

Mail.

ing, in the Governor and Company of the Blnk of:

England, and their Successors, forever; and for uniting the said Parish to the Parish of Saint Margaret, Loth-bury, in the said City, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ewer,

Mr. Alderman Neumham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

for vesting divers Messuages, Lands, and Heredita- S

ments, in the Counties of Sujex and Kent, being Part of the settled Estates of John Radcliffe, of Hitchin, in the County of Hertford, Esquire, in Trustees, to be loid, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate and being in the Counties of Hertford and Bedford, or one of them, to be settled, in Lieu thereof to the like Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Grocers of London was presented to Duties on the House, and read; Setting forth, That a principal *r,ze Sup*-Part of the Petitioners Trade consists in buying and selling of Raw and Refined Sugar; and that, during the Four last Years, the Quantity of Sugar annually imported hath fallen greatly lliort of what is necessary for the Consumption of this Kingdom, and, in Consequence thereof, the Trade of the Petitioners hath been diminished, at the same Time that a larger Capital became necessary to carry it on, and whilst its Extent and its fair Profits were exceedingly reduced, the unavoidable Risks to which they are exposed, were augmented in a con-fideiable Degree; and the Petitioners, therefore, have seen with Concern the several Prize Cargoes of the *

Sugars of the Enemy, which have from Time to Time been brought into this Kingdom, carried away from our Ports for the Use of Foreign Markets, whilst the Trade of the Petitioners hath been almost at a Stand for Want of a Supply;, and they are apprehensive that a large Proportion of the British Plantation Sugars will, during the ensuing Season, be consigned to Ireland in Consequence of the Privilege that Kingdom will, during several Months, enjoy of importing Sugar at a much lower Duty than must be paid here; and that the Scarcity of Refined Sugar has been such, at several Periods during the last Four Years, that much of the Petitioners Time hath been taken up, and often to no Purpose, in endeavouring to purchase such Sugars as were necessary for their Trade; and representing to the House, that the Sugars of Grenada, great Part of which are the Property of English Subjects residing here, are now sold at Foreign Markets on Behalf of such English Proprietors, and no Means have yet been devised to compensate to the Sugar Trade of this Kingdom that and the other heavy Losses it has sustained; and that British Plantation Sugar being allowed Drawbacks on Exportation equivalent to the Whole of the Duties which were paid on Importation, and, in Consequence of this Allowance, the Drawback now allowed on Mtfcovado Sugar being almost Twelve Shillings per Hundred Weight, and the Drawback on Refined Sugar being Twenty-six Shillings perHundredWeight, and the

Petitioners being well informed that, in Consequence of those Drawbacks, very large Contracts for Refined Sugar for Exportation have been offered at enormous Prices, they are exceedingly alarmed, and pray the House to take into Consideration the Danger which the Petitioners conceive does manifestly exist; and that, in the present State of the Sugar Trade of Europe, at a Time when the Dutch have loft a principal Part of their Supply, and as it is probable that the French cannot get Home the Produce of their Plantations, the Demand on this Market will be so extensive, that the Public will be much inconvenienced; and the Trade of the Petitioners greatly injured: And therefore praying for a Bill to . 6 A allow

458 11° M A, 1781.

allow the Prize Sugars to be entered for Home Gon-fumption under moderate Duties, or for such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table; until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Sugar Refiners of London is referred.

Reports from Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the on^KItc' Committee of the Whole House, to whom it was referred Accteuutk. to into Consideration the several Reports which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, frorti the Comm ill!Oners appointed to examine take; and Rate, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, That he Was directed by the Committee to move the House; that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better schfbrcing the Payment of the Monies arising by the Land Tax raised in Gredit Britain-, and for the m'ore speedy Recovery of Debts due to the Crown.

And Mr. Ord moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave bfe given to bring in a Bill for the better enforcing the Payment of the Monies arising by the Land Tax raised in Great Britain; and for the more speedy Recovery of Debts due to the Crown: And that Mr. Ord, the Lord North, the Lord Westcote, the Lord Palmerston^ Sir Pickard Sutton, Mr. Buller, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. John do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, also reported from the said Committee* That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to direct the Payment into the Exchequer of the respective Balances remaining in the Hands of the several Persons therein to be named, for the life and Benefit of the Public, and for indemnifying the said respective Persons and their Representatives in respect of such Payments, and against all future Claims relating thereto; and for other Purposes therein to be mentioned.

And Mr. Ord moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to . direct the Payment into the Exchequer of the respective Balances remaining in the Hands of the several Persons therein to be named, for the life and Benefit of the ublic, and for indemnifying the said respective ersons, and their "Representatives, in respect of such Payments, and against all future Claims relating thereto; and for other Purposes therein to be mentioned: And that Mr. Ord, the Lord North, the Lord Westcote, the Lord Palmerson, Sir Richard Sutton, Mr. Buller, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. John Robinson, do.prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, likewise reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom; " and to report what Balances are in the Hands of " Accountants, which may be applied to the Public ‘‘ Service; and what Defects there are in the present *' Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting " for. Public Money; and in what more expeditions " and effectual and less expensive Manner the said " Services can in future be regulated and oarried on " for the Benefit of the Public."

And Mr. Ord moved the House accordingly. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for appointing and " enabling Comm dinners to exer. ine, take, and state, " t!:- Pi.blie Aj.-coi p s e't! k and to report

" m.at i'.-k*.. Accountants,

" which may be Applied to the Public Service; and " what Defects there are in the present Mode of " receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for,

" Public Money; and in what more expeditious and " effectual and less expensive Manner the said Services " can in future be regulated and carried on for the " Benefit of the Public:" And that Mr. Ord, the Lord North, the Lord Westcote, the Lord Sir Richard Sutton, Mr. Buller, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. John Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Isle of Man. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for carrying into Execution a Contract " made, pursuant to the Act of Parliament of the " Twelfth of his late Majesty King George the First,

" between the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury " and the Duke and Dutchess of Athe Proprietors " of The Ife of Man, and their Trustees, for the " Purchase of the said Island and its Dependencies,

" undercertain Exceptionstherein particularly named;" and to ascertain and establish the Jurisdiction of the Manerial Courts of the Most Noble John Duke of Atholl in the said Island, and to enable the said Duke, and his Heirs, to exercise and enjoy certain Powers and Remedies therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,

Copies of the Reports of the Attorney and Solicitor General, on the Memorials of his Grace the Duke of Atholl, touching the Bill, now depending, to explain and amend an Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for carrying " into Execution a Contract made, pursuant to the Act " of Parliament of the Twelfth of his late Majesty " King George the First, between the Commissioners " of His Majesty's Treasury and the Duke and " Dutchess of Atholl, the Proprietors of The IJLe of " Man, and their Trustees, for the Purchase of the " said Island and its Dependencies, under certain " Exceptions therein particularly named;" and to ascertain and establish the Jurisdiction of the Manerial Courts of the Most Noble John Duke of Atholl in the said Island, and to enable the said Duke, and his Heirs, to exercise and enjoy certain Powers and Remedies therein mentioned.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Warm the posed, That I he Marquis of Graham be added to the Caraanc. Committee of Secrecy, appointed to enquire into the Causes of the War that now subsists in The Carnatic, and of the present Condition of the British Possessions in those Parts, and to report the same to the House, with their Observations thereupon;

The House was moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 14th Day of December 1715, of the Orders for adding Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Daniel Lord Finch, and Mr. Attorney General, to the Committee of Secrecy, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entries in tire Journal of the House, of the 19th Day of January and the 7th Day of April 1773, of the Orders for adding Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Alderman Hopkins, Mr. Langlois, and Mr. Lockhart, to the Committee of Secrecy appointed to enquire into the State of the East India Company, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Marquis of Graham be added to the Committee of Secrecy appointed to enquire into the Causes of tire War that now subsists in The Carnatic,

and

3i Geo. III. i!

and of the present Condition of the British Pof-sessions in those Parts, and to report the same to the House, with their Observations thereupon.

Account Ordered, That there laid before this House, art

of Sugar Account of the Annual Import of Haw Sugar into all importe . England, during the last Twelve Years, from the Islands of Jamaica, Saint Kitts, Nevis, Saint Lucia, Antigua, Grenada, Montserrat, Saint does, and Dominica, and from the same {(lands into the

Port of London-, distinguishing eqch Island, and each Year.

Yerdigreafe Sir William G\tife, according to Order, reported Manufactory, from the Committee of the whole Hpufe, to whom the Hill to encourage the Manufactory of Verdjgreafe in Great Britain, and for laying a Duty on Foreign Verdigrease imported, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, ip at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to jtheir Order,

aled A Copy of the Report of the Officers of the Mint, bjr Toymen, respecting the Bill depending for regulating the Manufactures of Gold Wares.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

And the said Report was also read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other other Papers of this Session.

Ditto* A Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Aci of Parliament, all the Laws now in being relative to the manufacturing or vending of Gold within this Kingdom, and to the exporting of the fame, and for ascertaining and settling the Standards for the Manufac-tjireof Gold Wares, was, according to Order, read a -Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a. Committee of the whole House.

Rejoined, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mail 459

which being filled Up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to prevent a Certiorari being brought to iem.ove Proceedings.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for giving Notice before any ProfeCution is commenced in the Courts of Westminster Hall.

And the said Clause was Twice read with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill. '

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Preventing Reading of the Bill for preventing certain Abuses ana Profanation* Profanations on the Lord's Day called Sunday; Sunday.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put*

That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

rp „ - v C Mr. Solicitor General, 1 c

Tellers for the Yeas, j Mr Qrd; { 64.

f Mr. Turner, 1

Tellers for the Noes,< Mr. Alderman Saw- >None.

£ bridge. j

So it was refol ved in the Affirmative.

The laid Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon, the said Bill.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Thomas De la Mayne, Esquire, and Thomas Creajir, Gentleman,

Proprietors of Carlisle House, which was presented to the House upon Wednesday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be at Liberty to be heard, by their Counsel, in Support of their said Petition;

It passed in the Negative.

Adjoanumat. Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Dot* upon Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Servants. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Management and Collection of the Duties upon Male Servants, granted by an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was committed, the Amendments whic.li the Committee ' had made to the Bill, and which they had directed

him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, wjlh the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, that Prosecutions in the Courts of Record at minster shall be within a certain Time after the Offence committed.

And the said Clause was Twice read with a Blank; - Vol. 38*

A Petition of the unhappy confined Debtors in Nieuf- _ gate, Bristol, was presented to the House, and read; e Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- SuPPv* ing next* refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will* upon Monday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock*

4<?o

Lunce, 140 die Maii;

Anno 21® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

Kettering A N ingossed Bill for enabling the Trustees for exe' Road. r\cuting Two Acts, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from , in the County of Northampton, to Newport in the County of Bucks, to take down the Turnpike erected in Sherrington Field., in the said County of Bucks, and to remove the same to the North End of Sherrington Bridge, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enabling the Trustees for executing Two Acts, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Kettering, in the County of Northampton, to Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks, to thke down the Turnpike erected in Sherrington Field, in the said County of Bucks, and to remove the same to the North End of Sherrington Bridge, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Knight ley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Beverley An ingossed Bill for the more ealy and speedy Re-Smali Debts, covery of Small Debts within the Town and Liberties of Beverley, in the County of York, and the several Parishes of the same Town, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Liberties of Beverley, in the County of York, and the several Parishes of the same Town.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Manrs' An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estates. for veiling Part of the settled Estates of Edmund Shapes, Esquire, in Honeing, in the County of Norfolk, in the said Edmund Shapes, in Fee Simple; and for settling an Estate of the said Edmund Shapes, in Rollejby Burgh, alias Burrow and Repps.,in the same County, of greater Value, in Lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon, Mr. Perceval, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. Milford, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotlandattended

at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Account* of . An Account of the Quantities of Linen Cloth ex-Linen ported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, ex^"e ' during the last Four Years, ending at Christmas 1780;

distinguishing the Quantity exported in each Year: And also.

An Account of the Duties paid upon Cobalt in Scotland, from the 1 ft of January 1776 to the 1st of January 1781: And also.

An Account of the total Quantities of Irish,

and Foreign Linens, printed in Great Britain, and exported from Scotland, from Christmas 1776 to Christmas 1780; distinguishing each Year, and the and

Irish from the Foreign Linens.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mali\ 1781-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Fraudulent the Punishment of Persons who shall obtain Securities ScCum,c‘-for the Payment of Money with Intent to defraud: And that Mr. Elues, Sir Henry Hoghton, and Mr. Hartley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingossed Bill for the better Management and Duties upon Collection of the Duties upon Male Servants, granted Servants, by an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 15.1. 3. After " Westminster"to insert " or Court " of Exchequer in Scotland."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question <.

put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Management and Collection of the Duties upon Male Servants, granted by an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open K^gton and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other n aie" Commonable Land, within the Manor and Parish of Kington in the County of Worcester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Land, within the Manor and Parish of King-ton, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Sir Herbert Mado carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Copy of the Report of the Attorney and Solicitor Isle of Man; General, on the Memorial of his Grace the Duke of

Atholl, touching the Bill depending to explain and amend an Act, of the Fifth Year of the Reign of I lis present Majesty, respecting The Ife of Man, dated 7th June 1780: And also,

A Copy of the Report of the Attorney and Solicitor General, on the Memorial of his Grace the Duke of Atholl, touching the Bill depending to explain and /

amend an Act, of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, respecting The Ife of Man, dated 30 th April 1781.

And the Titles of the said Reports were read.

Ordered, That the said Reports be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for carrying " into Execution a Contraft made, pursuant to the

Act of Parliament of the Twelfth of his late Majesty " King George the First, between the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and the Duke and " Dutchefsof Atholl, the Proprietors of The Ijleof Man,

" and their Trustees, for the Purchase of the Paid Island " and its Dependencies, under certain Exceptions " therein particularly named;" and toal'cerlain and establishthe Jurisdiction of the Manerial Courts of the Most Noble John Duke of Atholl, in the said Bland; and to enable the said Duke, and his Heirs, to exercise and enjoy certain Powers and Remedies therein mentioned, is committed.

The said Reports are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Biker's

for vetting Part of the settled Estate of John Baker, E!la!c-

Esquire, in Folkfone, in the County of Kent, in the said

John

Coventry

Election.

Versigre^fe

Ifamt^aory.

Knnock*s

EiUie.

a i Geo. III. 14°

John Baker, in Fee Simple, and for settling another Eft ate of the said John Baker, in the said County of

Kent, ofequal Value, in Lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Honywood, Mr. Elites, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for the better regulating Elections of Citizens to serve in Parliament lor the City of Coventry, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better regulating Elections of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of

Coventry,

Ordered, That Sir Harbord Harbord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to encourage the Manufactory of Verdigrease in Great Britain, and for laying a Duty on Foreign Verdigrease imported, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to encourage the Manufactory of Verdigrease in Great Britain, and for laying a Duty on Foreign Verdigrease imported.

Ordered, That Sir George Yonge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effectuating the Sale of a Freehold Estate of Ann Pinnock, an Infant, at New Windsor, in the County of Berks, pursuant to an Agreement with Thomas Gentleman, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Francis Foiones Luttrell, Mr. Potency, &c.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Correspondence between the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury and the late Duke of respecting the re-vesting the Sovereignty of the Ifeof Man in the Crown.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the several Memorials presented by the said Duke to the Treasury at different Times, respecting his Ma-nerial Rights, and the Answers thereto.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of References and Answers thereto, from the Attorney and Solicitor General, respecting the Sale of the Isle of Man in 1764, 1765, and 1766.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Report from the Crown Officers of The Isle ef Man, on the Bill to explain and amend an Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for carrying into Execution a Contraft " made, pursuant to the Act of Parliament of the Twelfth " of his late Majesty King George the First, between the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and the " Duke and Duchess of Alhothe Proprietors of The " Isle of Man, and their Trustees, for the Purchase of the said Island and its Dependencies, under certain " Exceptionsthereinparticularlynamed;"and to ascertain and establish the Jurisdiction of the ManerialCourts of the Most Noble John Duke of in the said

Island; and to enable the said Duke, and his Heirs, to exerciseand enjoy certain Powers and Remedies therein mentioned; in 1780.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Plan or Delineation of the Harbours in The Isle of Man, as settled by-Commissioners since the Veiling Act, and the Return or Report of the Commissioners.

Vol. 38.

Mail- 4 r

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,

Copies of Memorials and Letters from the Receiver General of The Isle of Man, to the Treasury, fiuce May 1765, so far as they respect the Agreement affecting the Manerial Rights between the Crown and the Duke of Alholl,

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Dutch Well poled, That an humble Address be presented to His India Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Property. Directions, that there be laid before this House,

Copies of all Proclamations, Memorial.-., Orders, and I11-structions, and of all official Correspondence, from and to any of His Majesty's Ministers, relative to the Dif- of the Property belonging to The States General, and to Individuals inhabiting or interested in the Places or Territories taken from the said States General, in The West Indies',

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An 'ft for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more ' speedy and effectual manning Majesty's Na»y," might be read.

And (lie same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be. graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Proclamations, Memorials, Orders, and Instructions, and of all official Correspondence, from and to any of His Majesty's Mi-nifters, relative to the Disposition of the Property belonging to The States General, and to Individuals inhabiting or interested in the Places or Territories taken from the said Stales General in The West Indies,

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j BynJ: }S6'

Tellers for the Noes, ,6o.

So it passed in the Negative.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Greenwich the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more eflec- Hospital. tually securing to the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, all forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prize and Bounty Money, and to compel the more speedy Payment thereof was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

RcJ'olved, That this TToufe will, upon Supply.

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Way* Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the an<* Meant, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

1 And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Ciock.

6 B

15* M

A \178 r.

Vat\ of Pad nor Ertates.

Plymouth Poor and Streets.

Han bury Inclosure.

Pratchitt'*. Eftaes.

Accounts in tht Imprest Office.

Greenwich

Hospital.

Martisy 15® Mail;

Anno 21* Georgii III'" Regis, 1781. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several Lands and Hereditaments therein mentioned, of which Jacob Earl of Radnor is Tenant for Life, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Monies to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in (lead thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Harbord, Mr . Bouvet-ie,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for the better maintaining and regulating of the Poor within the Town of Plymouth Dock and Parish of Stoke Damarell, in tire County of Devon, and for paving, cleansing, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, and removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and regulating the Drivers of Coaches, Chaises, and Carts, and also Chairmen and Porters, within the said Town, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That tire Bill be committed to Mr. Buller, Mr. Marlin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Hanbury, in the County of Worcester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Bales Rous, the Lord Westcote, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act foreffecting an Exchange between John Pratchitt and William Pratchitt, Gentlemen, of their Estates in the Counties of Stafford and Salop-, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Wrottejlcy, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. Beckicith, from His Majesty's Imprest Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " The Auditors of His Majesty's " imprefts general Certificate of Accounts, depending " in their Offices Hilary Term, 1781."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Sir Hugh Pall ifer do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectually liecuring to the Royal Hospital for Seamen, at Gall forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prize and Bounty Money, and to compel the more speedy Payment thereof, was committed.

Sir Hugh Palliser accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be

reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grotlnds, in the Parish of Great Addington, in the County of Northampton -,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Lammas Closes, Meadows, Paftnres, and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Great Leke, otherwise East Lxkc, in the County of Nottingham;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Alderman Sau bridge reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read t and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for completing the Bridge " cross the River Thames, from in the Ci.ty

" of London, to the oppositeSide in the County " and the Avenues thereto 00 the London Side; for " redeeming the Tolls on the said Bridge, and on " London Bridge; for rebuilding the Gaol of A " in the said City; for repairing the Royal Exchange " within the same; for embanking Part of the North "Side of the said River, within certain Limits; and " for further continuing, towards those Purposes, the " Imposition of Six Pence per Chaldron or Ton of Coals " and Culm imported into the Port of the said City, " established by an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of " the Reign of King William and Queen Mary-, and " also for carrying on the new Pavements in the City " and Liberties of Wefmhifter, and Parishes adjacent, " and in the Town and Borough of Southwark-, and for " other Purposes therein mentioned:" And also,

An Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for empowering the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City " of London, in Common Council assembled, to raise, " upon theCreditof theSurpIuffestoaril'eout of certain " Fund, commonly called The Orphan's Fund, the Sum " of Forty thousand Pounds, towards discharging the " Debt incurred in re-building the Gaol of Margate, and " a Sessions House adjoining, and for completing the " said Gaol, and building an Inlirmary thereto, and other " Purposes therein mentioned," were read: By which it appeared, That the Sums of Fifty thousand Pounds, and Forty thousand Pounds, were to be borrowed according to the Direction of the said Acts, for the Purposes of pulling down the Gaol of Newgate, and building a new one instead thereof, and towards purchasing such Houses and Lands as were judged necessary for the Purpose of rendering such new Gaol more airy, extenfhe, and commodious, and for making, widening, enla rging, or

improving.

Gr *

Inctoituc

Lrkr Incio.ui c.

Repairing

-1 _

ai Geo. III. it

improving, the Streets, Ways, and Passages, adjoining or leadin'? to the said new Gaol or Sessions House.

Mr. William Montague, principal Clerk in the Chamberlain's Office, being then examined, said. That the whole of the said Money was borrowed by virtue of the said Acts, and has been duly and regularly applied in the several Works and Purposes thereby directed to be done.

George Dance, Esquire, the Surveyor for the City of London, beingexamined, said, Thatin the Month of 1780, the Gaol of Neicgale was so nearly completed, that nothing was wanting in it but a few Locks and some Furniture; that in June following it was rendered totally unfit for the Purposes of a Prison, by a riotous and unlawful Assembly of People; that the Floors and Roofs were all burnt and destroyed, and the Walls very much damaged; that he bad examined the State of- the Building lately, and had taken an Account of what may be the probable Expence of repairing and rein-stating the Gaol; and that, in his Opinion, to do the same completely, and provide for all Expences, it will require the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds; that in this he includes the Keeper's House, which is a Part of the said Gaol, and was damaged very greatly at-the same Time with the rest of the Building.

Mr. Richard Akerman, being then examined, said. He had been the Keeper of the Gaol of Twenty-

eight Years; that before it was rebuilt, and from thence to the Time when it was so much damaged, about a Thousand Prisoners were committed to it annually, on an Average; that the greater Part of them were from the County of Middlesex, probably Two-thirds at the least; and that Prisoners were lent there by both Houses of Parliament, and from all Parts of the Kingdom.

Mr. Dance being again examined, said, That the Gaol of Newgate is not in its present State fit for the ‘urposes for which it was intended; and that it will be /dangerous and prejudicial to the City of Iwndon aid the Public, if it is not immediately repaired and made secure for the Confinement of Prisoners.

Mr. Akerman being again examined, confirmed the last Evidence given by Mr.; and added, That

many Prisoners lately escaped from other Gaols, where they were kept, because Newgate was not in a State to receive them.

'.Mail 453

Mr. Dance being further examined, said, that since the said Gaol was demolished, the City of London have proceeded to refit the Apartments for the Reception of Prisoners, on which they have expended between Four and Five thonfund Pounds, although they have not, as he believes, any Fund applicable to that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Sussex and Kent, being Part of the settled Estates of John Rad of in the County of - Hertford, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold,

and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate and being in the Counties of Hertford and Bedford, or One of them, to be settled in Lieu thereof, to the like Uses, was read a Second Time.

Re/blved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sib-thorpe, Mr. Burke, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,- at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Secretary at War prefen ted to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

A Papei-j intituled, " State of certain Sums of Levy " Money voted for an Augmentation to several Regiments of Foot for the Year 1779, which remain " uniffued, in Consequence of the said Regiments " having been reduced to lower Numbers for the " cuprent Year.''

And the Title of the said Paper was read,

Tire said Paper is as followeth; viz.

X

VOL. 38.

STATE

Radcliffe*

Eiiatci.

Levy Money.

4^4

15° M

J. 1781.

STATE of certain Sums of Levy Money, voted for an Augmentation to several Regiments of Foot, for the Year 1779, which remain uniffued, in Consequence of the said Regiments having been reduced to lower Numbers for the current Year.

7 th Regiment of Foot - - - £-630

10th - -.....630

12th - -- 882

15th - -- 630

16th - - Sl5

22d.....630

23d - - 630

26th.....- 630

28th.....630

29th - -- 630

31st -.....- - *3°

33d - 63°

35*h.....63°

37th -.....630

39th - 882

40th.....630

43d.....630

45th - -.....315

46th - -- - - -- 630

48th - -- 882

51st - -- 8I2

g2d - - - -. - - - 630

54dt.....630

55th.....63

56th ' -.....882

57fch.....63°

58th.....- - - 882

60th 4 Battalions each £. 882 ----- 3,528

61ft.....1,057

63d ----- ---- 630

64th ----- --- 630

65th ----- - - 882

70th ----- ---- 882

War Office, May 15th, 1781.

C. Jenkinson.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Quartering The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Soldiers in Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Wdi!rirftCr *nt^u^ed> " An Act for exempting the City of Win* Elections. " chester, the County of Southampton, the Town of " Shrezcsbury, and the County of Salop, out of the Provisions of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the " Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, " intituled, "An Act for regulating the Quartering of " Soldiers, during the Time of the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament," so far as the same relates " to the Removal of Troops during the Elections of

" Members to serve in Parliament, for a limited Time," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to^bring in a Bill for continuing the said Act: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Penton, and Mr. Pulteney, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of such Monies as remained in the Receipt of Di<pokb,e the Exchequer 011 the 5th Day of April 1781, subject to the Disposition of Parliament, exclusive of the Surplus then remaining in the Sinking Fund.

.. OrderedK

2i Geo. III.

15° Matt.

jottnty Mo- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an ncy forraif- Acc-omit of the Money remuiningin the Exchequer, re-ing Hemp, served there for encouraging the railing and dressing c‘ Hemp and flax in England, as the proportional Part

dirked to be applied, by an Act of the Tenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, of the additional Duties on certain Foreign Einens imported into this Kingdom, which were granted by an Act of the Seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign.

Accountants Ordered, hat there be laid before this House, an

Balances. Account of the Balances due from the several Accountants with the Public, whose Accounts are made up by the Auditors of the Ipiprefts* but not declared, and which have not been delivered to the Commissioners for fiating the Public Accounts.

Sapply Bill; Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, Dmi on who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pur-Chocolate. suant to the Resolutions which, upon Monday the Seventh Day of this Instant May, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Duties payable on Chocolate made in Great Britain, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for the better and more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein; and for the more punctual and ready Payment of the Allowances to be made to Brewers out of the additional Duties imposed on Malt.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for rectifying a Mistake in an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, with respect to the exempting of Candles from the additional Duty of Five Pounds per Centum upon the Duties of Excise imposed1 by the said Act.

Ifcrkk Lord John Cavendish reported from the Committee, i*w Church, to whom the Bill for building a new Church and Rectory House, in the Pari 111 of Efcrick, in the County of York, and for making Exchanges of certain Lands and Hereditaments within the same Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, arid found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That 'the Bill, With the Amendments, be ingossed.

Chard, Ac. An ingrossed Bill for more effectually amending, wi-toadi* dening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Eall

End of the Town of Chard to the South End of West Moor, and from the Well End of the Yeovil Turnpike Road, through llmifter, to Kenny Gate, and from the West End of Pease Marsh Lane to Horton Elm, and from Saint Bane Hill to llmifter, and from White Cross to Chillwglon Down, and from a Place called Three Oaks over Ilford Bridges, to Bridge Cross, in the County of SomaJet j and for repealing an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, Vol. 38. '

and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the East End of the Town of Chard to the South End of West Moor,

and from t^ie West End of the Yeovil Turnpike Road,

through llmifter, to Kenny Gate, and from the Weflf

End of Pease Marsh Lane to Horton Elm, and from

Saint Rane Hill to llmifter, and from White Cross

to Chilling ton Down, and from a Place called Three

Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to Bridge Cross, ifi the County of Sogiajet. t a

Ordered, That Sir John Trevelyan do carry the Bill -r

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. - *

A Petition of the Cotton Manufacturers, Callicp Linen Printers,.and Traders, of Maychester, Blackburn, Preston, Manufa^urt* Bolton, Charley, and other Parts of the County of Lqn*, caster, and of Stockport, and other Pai ,ts of Cheshire, ap& of Derbyshire, was presented to the House, and readi Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that 0 Bill is depending, for extending the Bounties, payable upon the Exportation of British and Irish Linens, ,tct British and Irish Linens printed or stained in Great Britain; and that the Petitioners and others are largely*! concerned in manufacturing Cotton, and Cotton mixed with Liqen, which Manufacture is very extenfiye, and of great Importance to this Country, the Goods being chiefly manufactured with British and Irish Linen Yarn*-and Yarn spun from Cotton Wool, of the Growth of the British Plantations, and would be greatly injured, were the said Bounties to be extended to Linens, in Ex-, elusion of Cottons mixed with Linens; and that the Petitioners conceive that the Ex terilion of the said Boun-#i ties to British and Irish Linens would be particularly, t injurious to the Petitioners, nevertheless, if the House should think proper to adopt such a Measure, the Peti- , tioners ardently hope that the Cotton Manufacture., will be deemed equally entitled to the Protection and, Encouragement of Parliament with any other Branch of Trade in His Majesty's Dominions: And therefore praying. That, if a Bounty should be granted upon printed Linens, the like Bounty may be extended to printed Cottons, and Cotton mixed with Linen, of British Manufacture, or that they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, again!! such Part of the said Bill as relates to the Bounty upon printed Linens, and that the Petitioners may have such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for extending the Provisions of Threer Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Tenth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, to British and Irish Linens printed and stained in Great Britain exported; and for taking off the Duties payable on the Importation of Wood and Weed Allies, Pot and Pearl Allies,

Barilla, and that Species of Blue called Smalts, be read a Second Time

The other Order $f the Pay being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Preventing whole House, upon the Bill for preventingcertain Abuses Profanation* and Profanations on the Lord's Day, called Sunday. 0

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Rill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleafq to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning;

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

6 C

Efcrick new Chorch.

Quartering Soldiers in Winchester during Elections.

Cotton Manufactory

4 66 160

Mercurity 16® die;

Anno 2i* Georgii III*" Regis, 1781. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for building a new Church and Rectory House, in the Parish of Efcrick, in the County of York, and for making Exchanges of certain Lands and Hereditaments within the same Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be. An Act for building a new Church and Rectory House, within the Parish of Efcrick, in the County of York, and for confirming an Agreement with the Rector of the said Parish, for exchanging and exonerating from Tythes certain Lands and Tenements in Efcrick aforesaid.

Ordered, That Lord John Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Penton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for exempting the City of Winchester, the " County of Southampton, the Town of and the County of Salop, out of the Provisions of an Act, " made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late tl Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for regulating the quartering of Soldiers, during " the Time of the Elections of Members to serve in " Parliament," so far as the same relates to the Removal " of Troops during the Elections of Members to serve <r in Parliament, for a limited TimeAnd the same was received; and read the Firfi Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the -Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent the Exportation to Foreign Parts of Utensils made use of in the " Cotton, Linen, Woollen, and Silk Manufactures of " this Kingdom," was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were feve'rally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3.1. 22, and 23. To leave out " every such Person or Persons," and insert " and " Complaint being made upon the Oath of One or more credible " Witness or Witnesses, before any " Justice or Justices of the Peace, " it shall and may be lawful to and " for such Justice or Justices of the " Peace to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants, not only to " seize all such Machines, Engines, " Tools, Press, Papers, Utensils, or " Implements, and Part or Parts " thereof, and all such Model or . " Plan, Models or Plans, and Part " or Partsthereof.together with the " Packages, and all other Goods " packed therewith, if any such " there be, but also to bring the " Person or Persons so complained " of before him or them, or some " other of His Majesty's Justices of " the Peace for the same County, " City, Riding, Division, Liberty, " Shire, Stewartry, or Place j and if, " when such Person or Persons shall " be brought before such Justice

A. 1781.

" or Justices, he, she, or they " shall not give such an Account " of the Use or Purpose to which " such Machines, Engines, Tools, " Press, Papers, Utensils, or Iinplements, and Part or Parts " thereof, and all such Model or " Plan, Models or Plans, and Part " or Parts thereof, are intended " to be appropriated, as shall be " satisfactory to the Justice or " Justices before whom he, flie, " or they shall be brought as aforesaid, then and in such same it " shall and may be lawful to and " for such Justice or Justices, not " only to caul'e all such Machines, " Engines, Tools, Press, Papers, " Utensils, or Implements, Models, or Plans, or Part or Parts, " thereof, which shall have been " seized as aforesaid, together with " the Packages, and all other " Goods packed therewith, to be " detained, but also to bind the " Person or Persons so charged, " to appear at the next Afiizcs, " General Gaol Delivery, or " Quarter Sessions of the Peace, " for the County, City, Riding, " Division, Stewartry, or Place,

" where such Offence shall be committed, with reasonable Sureties for his, her, or their Appearance; and in case such Person or Persons shall ref use or " neglect to give such Security,

" then and in such case it shall' " and may be lawful to and for " such Justice or Justices to commit the Person or Persons so " refusing to the Common Gaol " or House of Correction, there " to be kept until the next Afsizes or next Quarter Sessions " of the County, City, Riding,

" Division, Shire, Stewartry, or " Place where such Commitment " shall be, and until he, flie, or " they shall be delivered by due " Course of Law; and in cale any " such Person or Persons shall be " convicted of any of the Offences " aforesaid, upon any ludiftment " or Information against him, her,

" or them at such Assizes or Qtiarter Sessions . of the Peace as " aforesaid, the Person or Persons " so offending," instead thereof.

Pr. 3. 1. 33. To leave out from " also" to " the" in 1. 35, and insert " fufler Imprisonment in" instead thereof.

Pr. 6. 1. 32. After " mentioned" to insert " the " Manner of Recovery v.h-ieof is " not hereinbefore particularly directed."

Pr. 9. 1. 4. After " and" to insert " also to bind " the Person or Persons so charged,

" to appear at the next Assizes, General Gaol Delivery, or Quarter " Sessions of the Peace for the " County, City, Riding, Division,

" Shire, Stewartry, or Place, where " such Offence shall be committed,

" with reasonable Sureties for his,

" her, or their Appearance; and in

" case

% i Geo. III.

16° Mali.

4^7

" same such Pt'rfon or Persons shall " refuse or neglect to give such " Securitj', then and in such same " it shall and may be lawful to and " for such Justice or Justices."

Pr^ 9. I. 7. To leave out " without Bail or " MaiqpriZe,"

I.37. To leave out " Five" and insert " Two" instead thereof.

Pr. 10. 1. 23. To leave out from ‘‘ paid" to " And" in I. 35.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at t|ieTable accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title bp, An Act to explain and amend an Act; made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent the-Exportation to Fureign Parts of Utensils made use of in the Cotton, " Linen, Woollen, and Silk Manufactures of this " Kingdom."

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the. Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Philfips's Sir Gilbert Elliot reported from the Committee, to pomposition whom the Petition of Henry , of Knightsbridge,

*?:*Wng *n the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committeehad examined the Matter of the said Petition;and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Christopher Pinchbeck being examined, informed Your Committee, That Ive is a Member of the Society for Encouragement of Arts and Sciences, and attends con-flantly, particularly in Committees of Agriculture, in which he has seen repeated Experiments of Mr. Phillips's Powder upon Ants, but more particularly on the 8th of January 1776, when the Experiment gave entire Satisfaction. The Method pursued in this Experiment, was putting a Quantity of Ants alive upon a Sheet of Paper, and then throwing the Powder over them, when they immediately began to be convulsed, and in less than an Hour almost every one was dead. In Consequence of this Experiment, and many others, the Committee have made several Reports to the Society in Favour of Mr. Phillipss Powder.

Your Committee then called Mr. Samuel Moore, Secretary to the said Society; who produced a Book, containing the Proceedings of the Committees of Agriculture and Chemistry, from which it appeared, that those Committees, in Consequence of References from the Society, had examined at several different Times the Testimonies offered by Mr. Phillips in Favour of his Powder, and had likewise made several Experiments themselves, upon which they had made several Reports, and came to several Resolutions; Extracts whereof are hereunto annexed, by way of Appendix, N* 1.

Copy of a Petition offinrry Phillips to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated zSth July 1777, together with the Minutes and Certificate of the Commissioners at , dated 9th anil 10th

September 1776, reflecting the Efficacy of the Powder, upon the Cane Ants, was laid before Your Committee; and is hereunto annexed in the Appendix, N* 2: And also,

Copy of Letter from Mr. Cumberland to Mr. Ro-binfon. Secretary to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, dated 8th August 17 77, is also annexed in the Appendix, N° 3.

Your Committee then proceeded to examine Daniel Grimwood; who informed them, That he is Nurseryman at Chelsea, and has made several Experiments of Mr.

Phillips's Powder; particularly in the Year 17 77, he had VoL. 38.

some Peas which were infectert by the Weevil, and by applying Mr. Phillips's Powder to them, he found in about the Space of a Week it entirely eradicated the Weevil, and the Peas were not infected again for the Space of Nine Mouths, at which Time he parted with them — >That he tried the Powder again, by way of Prevention; he put into an empty Sack about Two Handfuls of the Powder, he then put a Bnfiiel of Peas into the Sack, which forced the Powder upwards, and covered every Part of the Sack with it; he then filled the Sack with Peas, which remained in it for Six Months, and were not at all affected by the Weevils — others, that had not the Powder, and which were kept in the same Place, and in the same Manner, were infected- — That he has also tried the Powder upon some blighted Trees, where it has destroyed all the Infects on the blighted Parts, in the Space of a very few Hours; whenever he has any Trees that are particularly infected by Infects, he always uses the Powder, considering it a sovereign Remedy, and he never found it of any Prejudice to the Fruit upon which it has been applied — That lie has also tried it on various Sorts of Plants, which have been infected with divers Sorts of Infects, in which it has had the same Effect; and is found very efficacious in preventing the Snails and Slugs from eating the Fruit: And fays, that he had applied a little of the Powder on a Snail, and found it killed it almost instantaneously — That he knows of no Remedy against Blights or Infects, so effectual as Mr. Phillips's Powder. Some of the Experiments alluded. to were made last Year; he has had no blighted Trees this Season.

Mr. James Malcolm, being then examined, said, He is a Nurseryman at Kensington — That he has seen various Experiments made of Mr. s Powder; in the

Y-ear 1779, the Experiment was made upon a Quarter of young Cherry Trees, to the Amount of Three or Four Thousand, the much greater Part of which were blighted so bad, that all Hqpes were given over of recovering them, and by applying Mr. Powder to

them, in a very short Time the Blight was very considerably lessened, and the Trees began to grow, and by a Repetition of the Powder,'in the Space of Three Weeks Time, the whole Quarter were perfectly recovered — That he has found the Powder to be also effectual when applied to train Trees, on Walls or Paling, and very effectual in removing of Blights — That he never found any Remedy against Blights or Infects so efficacious as this Powder. Since the Beginning of April 1777, they have had Ninety Barrels of Mr.

Phillips'sPowder, of which Fifty-four were sold to Customers, and the rest used by themselves.

Mr. Thomas Allen, being then examined, said. He is a Gardener at Brompton — That he has tried Mr. Phillips's Powder for Four Years successively, and found it always answered in Cafes of Blights, particularly on Fruit Trees against Walls, and never knew of any Remedy so effectual against Blights — That he has lately tried the Powder on black Ants, which infect Houses, and are the hardest of all Ants to kill, and has found it totally destroyed them in the Course of Three or Four Hours; and has likewise tried it on Fleas and Bugs with the fante-Success.

Mr. William Cotes, being examined, said. He is a Gardener at Mr. Hewit'sNurfery at Brompton, and has tried Mr. Phillips's Powder for several Years together, on Fruit Trees, and found it of very great Service in Cafes of Blight, and in killing Pifmires and red Spiders in Hot-houses, and of great Use in destroying Caterpillars, Slugs, and such like Infects.

John Peachey, Esquire, a Member of the House, informed Your Committee, That Sir James Peachey, his Father, had found Mr. Phillips's Powder of great Service in his Garden and Hot-house.

The Reverend Thomas Fountaine'mformed Your Committee, That his Garden being much infected by the

white

468 16°

white Grub, he used Mr. Phillips's Powder, and found it fuccceded perfectly; but last Year, the Powder riling in its Price, he did not use it, and has loft all his Plants.

The Right honourable the Earl of next in-

formed your Committee, That, from the Year 1777 to the present Time, he had used Mr. Phillips's Powder upon various Plants — That he applied it to a Quarter, Part of which was infected by the Grub and Part not; the Powder prevented the Grub from spreading to the Part uninfected, and stopt its Progress on the Part that had been attacked, which recovered — That he tried the Powder on Turnips in the following Manner: He mixed a Pound of Powder with each Bushel of Seed, and sowed it; the First Crop was eat by the Fly: The same Pvocefs was repeated, and the Crop was again eat by the Fly: But upon repeating it again, and powdering the Field as soon as the Turnips appeared, the Crop succeeded; and a small Part of the Field which had not been powdered was eat by the Fly. He took Notice, that the: Powder which he had mixed with the Turnip Seed of the Two first Crops, and which failed, was Part of a Barrel which had been in his Possession Three Years, and he believes had not been kept sufficiently tight. This Season, the first Part of a Crop of Turnip Cabbage, which had not been powdered, was destroyed; that which came up afterwords was immediately powdered, and escaped — That he tried the Powder on some Peach and Ne6tarine Trees against Walls, which were infilled by Ants, and the Trees were perfectly cured — That he likewise found; the Powder of great Service in destroying the Ants which infected the exotic Plants in his Stove; before he had done powdering. Numbers of the Ants fell; to the Ground, and upon tliaking the Stem of the Plant, after it was powdered, every Ant dropt, apparently dead: And being asked as to the Expence

ofpowdering the Turnip Field, he informed your Committee the Expence was very small, and forms no Objection to using that Remedy, and he never knew the Powder fail.

Your Committee proceeded tocall Mr. John Debmiere Junior4 who laid. He superintends the Brewery ofiMef-sieurs Hooper, Gordon, and Deboniere, at Bow — That he has-made several Experiments of Mr, s Powder

in one of the Malt Houses, particularly about Ten Days ago — Ttjat they first-cleared the Room of Malt, and on examining it, observed a great Number of Weevils; but wishing to make a.more complete Experiment, they had a Quantity of Weevils fifted from Malt in another Room, and brought into the Room where the Experiment was made — That the Powder brought the Weevils out from all the Crevioes in less than an Hour, and in the Course of Five or. Six Hours they had all fallen on the Floor — That the next Morning the Room was powdered again, and no more Weevils appeared, so. that he apprehends they all came oat on the first powdering; the greatest Proportion of the Weevils on the Floor were dead after the Second Day, and none of them, from the Beginning, had Power to quit the Floor, or get up the Wall — That, in order to try the Effect of the Powder, he took some of those which feetned the lead affected by it, and put them itv a-Box, with some fresh Malt off the Kiln, and after Two or Three Days he found they had not been able to perforate a single Grain — That after having powdered the Room, he took up some of those which seemed dead, and endeavoured, by Warmth, to recover them, but without Effect.

And being asked. Whether, from his Experience in Granaries, and the Experiments he has made of Mr. Phillips's Powder, he thinks, it will be of Service in Granaries? he answered. He certainly did; when the Granaries are empty the Powder will clear them of the Weevil, but it cannot be used when the Granary is full of Malt, on Account of the Impofiibility of reaching the Weevil, which is mixed with the Malt. And being »7

Mail. A, 1781*

also asked. If he considered the clearing of empty Granaries of the Weevil of material Service ? replied, He did. And being further asked. If they found the Weevil very detrimental in Malt Houses? he laid, They did, and in Brown Malt, particularly, there are very great Quantities of Weevils, which destroy the Hfeart of die Malt, and materially affect its Quality — That he never knew of any Means before of getting rid of the Weevil — They have sometimes in Granaries walked the Walls with Slack Lime, which had some Effect while die Lime was fresh, but afforded no material Relief.

Mr. Samuel Gordon, being next examined, informed your Committee, He is in Partnership in the above Brewery — That he has seen Two Experiments made of Mr. Phillips's Powder, at the Distance of Ten-Days from each other; the First Experiment was about Three Weeks ago, when they powdered a Corner of a Malt Loft, without clearing the Room of the Malt; and they found a Number of Weevils dead upon the Floor; but not thinking that a fair Experiment* on Account of the Malt that remained in the Loft, they some Days after repeated it in a small Loft, which was cleared of Malt; they brought Weevils out of another Loft, and laid1 them on the Floor, they then powdered the Walls and fifted the Powder over the Floor — That he left the Room immediately after it was powdered, and returned Two. Days after, when he examined it, and observed great-Numbers of Weevils upon the Floor, and the Walls perfectly clear; those on the Floor were all' either totally dead, or in a State of Stupefaction; some few. did not seem perfectly dead, but were incapable of; doing any further Mischief, and might be swept itito'a1 Shovel, and carried away. And being asked, Whether he thinks this Powder may be of material Service in Granaries? he answered. He is of Opinion it may. And being asked. If he found the Weevil' of material Detriment in his Trade? he said, They had received great Injury from the Weevil, by the Destruction of the Malt; that he knows of no other efficacious Method' of destroying or getting rid of the Weevil.

Your Committee then proceeded to read the following Letters, directed to Mr. Phillips, produced to your Committee; anrd which are hereunto annexed in the Appendix, N° 4, 5, 6, and 7; viz.

A Letter from Nicholas Kelly, Surgeon on board the Union, dated 12th May 1780: And also,

A Letter from Peter OJbom, Purser on board the Union, dated 2d September 1780: And also,

A letter from John Dalrymple, on board the Union, dated 18th September 1780: And also.

Another Letter from Nicholas Kelly, dated 19th September 1780:

All of which are to testify to Mr. Phillips the fuc-cefsful Application of his Powder on board His Majesty's Ship the Union, of Ninety Guns.

Your Committee then examined Lieutenant David Allen, regulating Lieutenant at who said. He

was on board His Majesty's Ship the Union, of Ninety Gnns, in Company with Mr. Phillips, when the Experiment of his Powder was made, about the Beginning of last Year, by Order of Sir The Ship's,

Bread Room was swept out, in order to try the Experiment; which being done, he assisted M r. Phillips in powdering it, according to his printed Directions. And being asked. What was the State of the Bread Room before the Experiment was made? he said. The Mailer - and Officers informed him, that the Ship was overrun with Vermin of all Kinds, Weevils, Cock Roaches, and Rats in Abundance; and that the Weevil had been of infinite Deflrudion to the Bread, ancffie thinks they . told him the Ship was obliged to leave her Cruize upon the said Account. The Bread Room appeared to him; before it was swept, to have been overrun with \\ eevils , and Infects, to the Damage of the Bread — That after lie and Mr. Phillips had powdered the Bread Room, and inflructed the Mailer and the Warrant Officer to

do

21 Geo. III. i6° Mali. 469

do the same on a future Day, he then retired about his Business; and came on board a Day or two after', to view the Ship again, when the Mailer and Carpenter, who had been powdering the Ship as before, informed him, that they apprehended the Powder would effectually answer the Purpose intended: The Carpenter informed him it would also kill Cock Roaches; having tried the Experiment in his own Cabin, he had intirely cleared it of Infects — That he requested him to come and fee the Trial made, which he did himself; he powdered the Back of the Galley, where there was a Number of Cock Roaches, which came out of their Holes, and fell to the Ground, and by Appearance to him dead; this happened in the Space of about an Hour — That he saw several of the Cock Roaches lying upon the Floor, which had been killed by the Carpenter's Experiment — That he did not go on board again himself, after the Bread Room had been powdered a Third Time; but he met the Mailer of the On Shore, a Week after, who informed him that they had swept off the Powder frojn the Bread Room, and that although there was no Appearance before of the Weevil, there were very great Numbers dead among the Powder — That the Ship went on a Cruize, and upon her Return some Months after, he met Mr. Osborn, the Purser, on Shore, who informed him that the Powder had had its defsred Effect, and that the Bread xyas as good as when first put into the Ship. And being further examined,.he laid it was easy, from Ihe Mode they pursued, to throw the Powder into the small Crevices of the Ship, which is effected by a Puff — That the Sailors on board the seemed well satis-

fied with the Experiment, and were desirous of nfing it. And being asked, Supposing the Powder killed Infects, whether he thinks, from what he has seen, that it is easy to apply the Powder in different Parts of the Ship, so as to produce the desired Effect ? he answered, Yes, certainly.

Then Copy of a Report from the Commissioners of the Victualling to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, on the Efficacy of Mr. Phillips's new-invented Powder'for dellroying Vermin on board Ships, dated 8th December 1780, was produced to your Committee; and is hereunto annexed, in the Appendix, N* 8: And also.

Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Commissioners of the Victualling, for supplying His Majesty's Ships on Foreign Voyages with Mr. Phillips's new-invented Powder for destroying Vermin, dated 23d December 1780, is also annexed in the Appendix, N* 9.

Your Committee then called Captain King, late of His Majesty's Ship The Discovery, who being examined, said. He made the late Voyage on Discoveries with Captain Cook, and commanded the said Ship for the last Year of the Voyage — That Weevils and Cock Roaches are extremely prejudicial to dried Provisions; and, as an Example, said. That on the Voyage, in One Year, Two thousand out of Eleven thousand Weight of Bread was destroyed by them, and other Vermin — That when the Biscuits were first put on board. Three of them weighed a Pound; but in a Year after, it took Five to weigh a Pound; and this Loss is attributed to the Weevil only, which not only destroy great Quantities of Bread, but render what remains unwholesome and Unpalatable — That Captain Cook had felt very (Irongly the Mischief and Ravages of the Cock Roaches, and had made many Attempts to destroy them, or to lessen the Evil, but without Success — That he knows of no Method, unless it be this Powder, of getting rid of the Cock Roaches and Weevils — That he has' lately seen the Method of applying the Powder, on board the Ship Hawke East Indiaman, at Blackwall, and found it might be insinuated into the smallest Crevices; immediately upon its Application, the Infects, which were before concealed, ftiewed themselves; and after the Experiment Vol. 38.

was completed, he observed a Number of Cock Roaches Phillips'* which had fallen on the Ground, feme of which were dead, and others feebly creeping about — That the Experiment being made in a small Part of the Ship, he cannot judgewhat its general Effect might be, when applied to every Part of a Ship; but he apprehended, from what he saw, it would be effectual in keeping the Bread Room, or, Store Room, or any other particular Spot, clear of Weevils, and perhaps, by repeated Application, of Cock Roaches, which he is of Opinion will be of very important Advantage to the Navy

Your Committee then called Mr. the

Petitioner; who being asked, Whether he made use of the same Powder for all the Purposes to which it was applied ? he said. No; the Powder which is used for Shipping, Granaries, Storehouses, and Bale Goods, is made stronger than that which is used in Gardeus and Nnrferies. And being asked, Whether there was any thing in the Composition of the Powder noxious or unwholesome to Men ? he replied, No, nor to any do-meftic Animal. And being asked, At what Price he fold the Powder ? he said. He fold that which is used for Shipping and Granaries at Five Guineas per Hundred Weight, and the Laud and Garden Powder at Fifty Shillings per Hundred Weight — That One Hundred Weight will be sufficient to clear a First-rate Man of War of Infects — That Government, or the Public, may make the Powder much cheaper than the Prices he has mentioned. And being further examined, he, said,

That in consequence of Mr. Cumberland's Letter to the Treasury (before referred to in this Keporl) he received £. 200, on the 7th November 1777; ntvcr received any other Assistance from the Public — That he has pro-feented the Discovery Sixteen Years, in the Course of which he hasexhaufted upwards of 4,000, which was the Whole of his Fortune — That he is at present in very dillreffed Circumstances, and unable either to provide for the carrying on his Works, or for his Maintenance —

That he has contracted Debts to a considerable Amount, which he is unable to pay, and which threaten him w.th immediate Distress — And being asked. Whether he had any Proposition to make respecting his Terms for dif-closing his Discovery to the Public? he said, That having Hated the Sum expended by him in the Pursuit, and his present Circumstances, he submitted it to the Determination of this honourable House.

V

APPENDIX, N* 1.

Committee of Agriculture.

8th, 1776.

The Committee having produced some live Ants, and made Trial of his Powder in dellroying them;

Resolved, It appears to the Committee, by the Trials made this Evening, that the Powder has its desired Effect in killing Ants.

Committee of Chemistry.

November 19th 1780.

The Committee having read the Petition of Mr.

Phillips, and the Certificates of the Efficacy of his Powder in dellroying the Cane Ants, Weevils, and other Infects;

Resolved, That the Certificates of the Efficacy of Mr.

Phillips's Powder, in dellroying the Cane Ants, Weevils, and other defttuClive Infers, are so full, and from such respectable Personages, that he merits to be rewarded.

Resolved, To recommend to the Society to present Mr. Phillips with the Sum of £. 20; and further, that the Society do furnish him with a Recommendation to the Lords of the Admiralty.

December 6th, 1780. At a Meeting of the Society, a Motion was made. That the Consideration of the Report of the Committee

6 D of

47® 16® Mali: A. 1781.

p,'.!iHps,» of Chemistry, dated November 18th, 1786, oh the Peti-Composition ^jon cf ]Vfr- Phillips, and giving a Bounty to him, be 20?* adjourned till the Opinion of the Victualling Office be known.

Committee of Chemistry.

January 9th, 1781.

The Committee having read the Letters and Certificates from the Commissioners of the Victualling Office, and also an Order from the Lords of the Admiralty to the said Commissioners, approving their Resolution of fending the Powder on board His Majesty's Ships;

Resolved, That as it appears by the Minutes of the Society, that the Petition of Mr. Phillips was postponed till the Opinion of the Victualling Office be known, the Committee recommend that that Report be read to the Society; yet, as Mr. Phillips does not intend to disclose his Secret to the Society, for the Use of the Public, the Committee cannot recommend him to their further Consideration.

the fame, by grunting'him some pnefent Relief and Assistance, to enable him to obtain a Patent, and to eause other more extensive Experiments to be made thereof.

Your Petitioner humbly refers your Lordfiiips to the recommendatory Letter of the Right honourable Lord Macartney to the Right honourable Lord George main; and humbly hopes your Lordships will take the Premises into your tender Consideration, and grant him such immediate Assistance as to your Lordshipa Wisdom and Goodness shall seem meet.

And your Petitioner, as in Duty bound, shall ever pray.

Knighfjbridge, Henry Phillips.

28th July 1777.

(Copy.)

- At a Meeting of the Honourable the Commissioners appointed by, and in pursuance of, the Act for granting Rewards to the Discoverers of the cheapest and most effectual Methods for the Destruct ion of the Cane Ants, pursuant to Adjournment.

APPENDIX, N* 2.

To the Right honourable Lords Commissioners of Trade and Plantations.

The humble Petition of Henry Phillips, of Knightf-bridge, in the County of Chymist,

Sheweth,

That your Petitioner, having been informed of the ruinous State of the several Sugar Colonies, from the Ravages and Devastation of the Cane Ant, applied himself for a long Course of Time, with great Assiduity, to discover some cheap and effectual Remedy, capable of destroying that pernicious Infect.

That, after considerable Expence and Labour, your Petitioner hath discovered a Composition, or Powder, of moderate Expence, easy in its Application, which instantaneously destroys the Ant, and every Species of Infects with which it comes in Contact.

That your Petitioner, at the Request of many respedable Merchants and Proprietors of Plantations in the West Indies, resident. in Lon, lately made a Voyage

to the Island of Grenada, to try Experiments ♦pon the Cane Ants, with which that Island is greatly iufefted; the Success of which evidently appears by the annexed Certificate your Petitioner humbly submits: And whereas your Petitioner could not perform an Experiment upon a more enlarged Plan, to contribute to the general Extermination of the said pernicious Infect, for Want of a sufficient Quantity of the necessary Ingredients, and being in a bad State of Health, your Petitioner thought it incumbent on him to disclose the Methods of preparing his Powder, which he accordingly did to the Commissioners of the said Island, appointed by a Law of the Legislature there, intituled, "An Act " for granting Rewards to such Persons as have discovered, or should discover, the cheapest and most " effectual Methods for destroying the Cane Ant, and " for appointing Commissioners to carry the same into " Execution;" which Ad is in your Petitioner's Possession.

That y/sur Petitioner humbly conceives the said Composition, whereof he is the foie Author and Inventor, howevefrffmple, and in all other Respects innocent, will not only completely answer the Willies and Purposes of the West India Planters, but, from the Extent of its Operation And Effects upon every Species of Infects, will be of <tntversal Benefit*

That your Petitioner bath greatly impaired his Health, ind exhausted his Fortune, in bringing this Discovery to Perfection, is thereby deprived of the Means of reaping such Benefits from it as, he humbly hopes, he will be entitled to firom the Legislature of Grenada and the Public, unless your Lordships condescend to encourage 15

Monday, the 9th of September 1776.

Present,

The Honourable William Lucas, Esquire, Chairman,. ' Thomas Baker,

Patrick Maxwell,

Thomas Townsend, i Esquiresi

Thomas Campbell,

, Geo. I^eonard Staunton,

The Honourable <

Mr. Phillips, according to his Proposal at the last Board, attended the Meeting of the Commissioners this Day; and in their Presence mixed the Ingredients, and made up his Composition or Powder for destroying Ants; and different Experiments were made of the same on the Gane Ants, by which it appeared to the Board, that the said Composition or Powder dellroyed, in a very short Space of Time, all Ants upon which a very small Quantity of it was sprinkled: And although the Board are of Opinion, that the same has answered Mr. Phillips's Description of it, in the small Experiments made in their PrefenCe, yet they cannot from thence form a Judgment to what Extent the Destrudiou of the said pernicious In fed may be carried, or how far the said Powder may be made to contribute to their general Extermination, until Experiments can be made upon a more enlarged Plan; which cannot at present be done, for want of a sufficient Quantity of the uecef fary Ingredients.

Grenada.

These are to certify, That the above is a true Extract from the Minutes of the Commissioners.

David Clunie, Clerk to the Board.

September ioth, 1776.

APPENDIX, N° 3.

Whitehall, 8, 1777.

Sir,

The Petition and Certificate, of which I have the Honour to inclose you a Copy, having been presented to my Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations at their Meeting on the 7th Instant, it did appear to them, that the Object proposed, and the Progress ab-foiutcly made in the Experiment, were such as to make it prudent to afford the Petitioner such temporary Assistance and Support as may enable him to put in Execution more extensive Experiments towards attaining the Ends set forth in his Memorial. With this View I am commanded to signify to you the above, for the Information of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's

Treasury;

21 GeO- III.

i 6° M

Treasury; submitting it to their Lordships to take such Steps in the Matter as to their Wisdom shall feent meet.

.1 ath,

Sir,

Your moil obedient humble Servant,

Cumberland.

John Robinson, Esquire.

Sir,

471

APPENDIX, N" 6.

Union, in Torbay, 18th September 1780.

Phillips*

CoiDpofiiioQt

forclrltroying

Infe&i.

Sir,

APPENDIX, N* 4.

The Application of your Powder, by the Process you directed, has been duly attended to in His Majesty's Ship the Union; and the Success exceeded our Expectation, in the Destruction of the different Kinds of lufeds in her, and more particularly of the Weevils, which were in great Abundance, in all Parts of the Ship between the Decks, at the Time your Experiment for destroying them was put to Practice; and I have the Pleasure to assure you, that none of them are to be seen now; which evidently proves the Efficacy of your Method in removing that very great Evil, so injurious to Bread, and all other dry Provisions in Shipping.

There is not any of the Powder remaining, and it is desired of you to fend some more.

I am. Sir,

Your obedient humble Servant,

I was favoured with Two Letters touching the Success of your indefatigable, Industry to destroy the Vermin on board His Majesty's Ship under my Command. l declined answering either, till the Wonderful Effects should warrant ah Acknowledgment you are at Liberty to communicate to any Friend; which is, that before your Visit, thfe Ship was swarmitig with Weevils, Maggots; Spiders, Cock Roaches, Moths, Sc. so that the dry Provisions in Six Weeks were in great Part consumed by them, and what remained very unfit for life, by their Nests, Sc.: And 1 have the Pleasure to find, on Enquiry, there is not ft Weevil, and few other Vermin, to be seen.

I am. Sir,

Your moll humble Servant;

Jn°

APPENDIX; N# 7.

Union, at Por tfmouth. May 12th, 1780.

APPENDIX, N# 5.

Union, at Spilhead, 2d September 1780.

Sir,

As I never feel so much Pleasure and Satisfaction as when I am intlrumenlal to the Happiness and Welfare of others, I am particularly rejoiced in having an Opportunity of acquainting you with the Success of your Powder for destroying InfeOs.

It is with unfeigned Pleasure I can acquaint Mr; Phillips I have it in my Power to say, the Experiment^ made use of to destroy Infects on board His Majesty's Nich* Kelly, Surgeon. Ship the Union, by the Application of his Powder, have been so successful, as to exterminate a very great Abundance of Weevils, which had over-run the Ship in every Part of her, so totally and effectually, with their Nidus, or generative Power, that otherwise would have produced Successiions of them; none of such Species of IufcCt being now in the Ship. And as the Process pursued in using the said Powder fell under my immediate Inspection, it sufficiently proved the infallible Efficacy it pofl'efied, to me, and which, in Justice to your Invention, I cannot do less than inform you of it, and to assure you I shall be ever reqdy to attest the fame, at any Time hereafter, if it can in any ways lead to induce the Public in general, or Individuals, to encourage your Industry in this Business, by a Compensation given

Captain Dalrymple, of His Majesty's Ship Union, ‘ .

having, on my being appointed Puffer of that Ship, ^u.v^nt to your Merit. AaWoovtla are well known to

represented that he? Bread Room was much infefted M M"remely deftrUa,.e, m fpoihng and rendering use

with Weevils, which had not only destroyed great Quantities, but the fined and most nutritive Part of the Bread; that the Biscuits were therefore deficient in Weight, and on being touched broke to Pieces, Sc.; all which was fully confirmed on a Survey of her Provisions, when 40 Bags of Bread Dull -/ere taken out of her Bread Room. I determined, with the Permission of Cap' D. to make, at my own Expence, a Trial of your Powder. The Directions given in your printed Pamphlet have been pursued; and I am bappy in acquainting you, that the Powder has fully answered the wished-for Purpose — that the Union's Bread Room is now clear of Vermin, and the Bread in its proper State.

From this Proof of its Excellence and Utility, it is evident that it will be a prodigious Saving to the Public, if made use of by the Commissioners of the Viclualling in their differentStores, for the Preservation of Bread, Pease, and Oatmeal, as it not only destroys the Weevil, but all other In feds.

I most heartily congratulate you on this Instance of its Success, and sincerely wiffi it may be productive of

less all kinds of farinaceous Provisions, which include a' chief Part of Seamen's Nutriment, it is obvious enough of what Utility the freeing Ships in the Navy of so great an Evil may be of I am very confident to say, if you will admit me to offer a Contrail to it, that during the Time the baneful Influence of those Infects existed, oh the Dry Provisions in the U, the Losses sustained therefrom, if estimated, would be considerable.

1 am, Sir,

Your obedient humble Servant, Union, Nich' Kelly, Surgeon.'

September 19th, 1780.

To Mr. Henry Phillips, Knights bridge.

Sir,

APPENDIX, N° 8.

ViduaUing Office, 8th 1780.

We received Mr. Jackson's Letter of the 17th August; and your Letters of the 23d September and 10th

those Benefits and Advantages which every Man merits November last, inclosing furrdry Papers from Mr. Henry whose Labour and Abilities are devoted to the public Phillips, respecting his new-invented PovVder for de-Good. stroying Vermin on board Ships.

In Answer to which, we acquaint you, for the Information of the Right honourable the Lords Cdnunissioners of the Admiralty, that we have seen several

----- strong Testimonials of the great Utility of the said

Vol. 38. Powder,

am.

Sir,

Your most humble Servant,

Pf Osborne.

472.

16° Mail. ‘ A. 1781.

phaiips'«_ Powder, ra the Deft ration of Weevils, Maggots, Compofid.m Spiders, and Cock Roaches: To the Two former, l»fcafc0y,n8 Grain and dry Provisions are very subject on board His Majesty's Ships, particularly in long Voyages; and One of our Members having examined the Power of the fame, and had ocular Demonstration that it kills Weevils, we therefore propose, if it meets with their Lordship's Approbation, to fend a few Pounds on board each of His Majesty's Ships on foreign Voyages; and to acquaint the Purlers of all other Ships, that in case they find the Stores in Danger of Injury from Weevils, or other Infects, that such a Powder will be sent to them on their Requisition, together with the Puffs used to insinuate the same into the Parts of the Store Rooms affe&fed, so that tin: dry Provisions may be the better preserved.

We are,

Sir,

Your roost humble Servants, Jonas

Philip Stephens, Esquire. Chorley,

Kirke.

A true Copy.

Geo. , D. S.

APPENDIX, N* o.

Copy.

By the Cqmraissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain and Ireland, SCc.

Having taken into Consideratkm your Report of the 8th Instant, upon MfT*Henry Phillips's new-invented Powder for destroying Weevils and other Vermin on board Ships, by which it appears, that, exclusive of the strong Testimonials which you had seen of the great Utility of the said Powder in the Destruction of Weevils, Maggots, Spiders, and Cock Roaches, One of the Members of your Board had examined the Power of the same, and had had ocular Demonstration that it kills Weevils; and you have proposed to us to fend a few Pounds of it on board each of His Majesty's Ships on foreign Voyages, and to acquaint the Pursers of all other Ships, that in case they find the Stores in Danger of Injury from Weevils, or other Infefts, that such a Powder will be sent to them on their Requisition, together with the Puffs used to insinuate the same into the Parts of the Store Rooms affected, so that the dry Provisions may be the better preserved: We do hereby signify to you our Approval of the said Proposition; and require and direct you to carry the same into immediate Execution. Given under onr Hands, the 23d December 1780.

G.

Commissioners for victualling His Majesty's Navy.

By Command of their Lordships,

Phf Stephens.

Copy.

Geo. Jackson, D. S.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

Mountforrell The ^or^s have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Commonable Grounds, and Places, of and within the Manor, Lordship, and Liberties of Mountforrell, in the County of Leicester; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Coichtife Act for continuing and making more effectual several Streets, & Acts of Parliament, passed for cleansing and making navigable the Channel from The at Calchefcr to

Wivenhoe, in the County of Fjftx, and for repairing and

cleansing the Streets of the Town of and also

for lighting the Streets and Lanes, and for preventing Annoyances in the said Town; without any Amendment: And also,

The I>ords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act HmIm for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Ninth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of Milcfrw his late Majesty. King George the Second, for repairing ko»dv and widening certain Roads therein described, so far as the same relate to the Road from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called Mile Stone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords havp agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Htnkj Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames, at °P°°Ttai» the Town of Henley upon Thames, in the County of rl Oxford, and making commodious Avenues thereto; for widening some Part of the High Street, and the Market Place; for lighting and watching; for regulating the Footways in, and for removing Nuisances, Obstructious, and Annoyances from, the said Town; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Lammas Meadows,

Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Winfarthing, in the County of without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act EwiHng to continue several Laws relating to the opening and WJ' establishing certain Free Ports in the Bland of to the allowing the free Importation of Sago Powder !

and Vermicelli from His Majesty's Colonies in North America-, to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland and the Plantations in America-, to the allowing the Exportation of Provisions,

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to certain Places in North America, which are, or may be, under the Protection of His Majesty's Arms, and from such Places to Great Britain, and other Parts of His Majesty's Dominions; to the clatidestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the preventing the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty's Plantations in America-, to the preventing the committfhg of Frauds by Bankrupts; and to revive and continue several Laws relating to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; to the impowering His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and restrain the carrying Coastwise, of Copper in Bars, or Copper in Sheets; to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British Corn and Grain in Neutral Ships; without any Amendment: And also.

The, Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and carrying into Execution certain Articles of Agreement, made between the Deviseeand M*r>l»nd.

' Heirs at Law of Frederick Lord Baltimore, deceased, respecting the Province of Maryla in America, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; and for the establishing and veiling the said Province in Henry Harford, Esquire, and his Heirs, upon the several Payments, Terms, and Conditions, and in Manner, therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir William Dolben, according to Order, reported from Praflutw*

the Suo<i*y.

2 1 GlO. III.

16° Mali.'

473

Fraudulent

bccuritiej.

"Lord Baltimore's Property in Maryland.

Dr> W. Smith's Attendance on the Sick of London Goal?.

Repairing

Newgate.

the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bjll for preventing certain Abuses and Profanations on the Lord's Day, called Sunday, was committed, the Amend-

ments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Elwes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Punishment of Persons who shall obtain Securities for the Payment of Money with Intent to defraud: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An forconfirming and carrying into F.xecution certain Articles of Agreement made between the Devisee and Heirs at Law of Frederick Lord deceased,

respecting die Province of Maryland in America, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; and for the establishing and veiling the said Provincfe in Henry Harford, Esquire, and his Heirs, upon the several Payments, Terms, and Conditions, and in Manner therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon the 16th Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Smith, Doctor of Physic, was referred might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas \ Th? Lord )

tellers for the Xeas.j Sir H :) 74‘

Tellers for tire Noesi?/_

Mr. Byng So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

41.

The House was moved. That the Report which was Yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty- .

And the previous Question being proposed. That that Question be now put;

The fame, together with the original Motion, were, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

And the House being informed that some further Examination was necessary, touching the State of the Funds already granted to the City of London, for the Purpose of repairing and re-building the Prison of Newgate; _

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed. Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to Voi. 38.

the Committee, to Whom the said Petition was referred.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House State of the to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^aftIndia to take into Consideration the present State of the East on, P*Dy* India Company, the proper Method of governing and managing the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues now in their Possession, and of securing to the Public a just Proportion of the Profits arising therefrom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there belaid before this House, Copies Ditto.

of the Propositions lately made by the Court of Directors of the East India Company to Lord North, for the prolonging the exclusive Trade of the said Company, and for other Purposes; and of the Minutes of Proceedings had in Consequence of such Propositions between the said Directors and Lord North.

A Bill for extending the Provisions of Three Acts, Lioen Mano-made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his fa£Uu*. late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Tenth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, to British and Irish Linens printed and stained in Great Britain exported, and for taking off the Duties payable on the Importation of Wood and Weed Allies, Pot and Pearl Allies,

Barilla, and that Species of Blue called Smalls, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Exportation ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of printed House, to consider of an Allowance of Bounties to be CoKon*> granted on the Exportation of printed, painted, and itained Cottons and Callicoes.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Money received by Duties laid on "

printed and stained Cottons and Callicoes, and printed and stained Linens, from the ill of January 1780 tQ the 1 ft of January 1781; and also, an Account of the Drawbacks allowed on the Exportation of those Articles during the same Period.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to

His Majesty,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a‘Committee'of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and' Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Ciock.

Supply.

Ways and Meana.

6 S

474

vf Mail. A. 1781.

chequer, referred there for encouraging the raising and . dressing Hemp and Flax in England, as the propor-

jrvVlSf I 7 «/£ Maii j tional Part directed to be applied by an Act of the

Tenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, of the additional Duties on certain Foreign Linens imported into this Anno a i* Georgii Hl"‘ Regis, 1781. Kingdom, which were granted by an Act. of the Seventh

Year of His Majesty's Reign: And also.

An Account of such Monies as remained in the R'e- Account) E E *' ceipt of the Exchequer on the r,th Day of April 1781, Dispo<iu

0D ' H E House being informed that Mr. Hughfon, subject to the Disposition of Parliament, -exclusive of Flax. A from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he the Surplus then remaining of the Sinking Fund.

Was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, And then he withdrew.

pursuant to their Orders, And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

An Account of the Money remaining in the Ex- The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Bui*gestes, in Parliament assembled.

Air ACCOUNT of the Money remaining in the Exchequer, reserved there for encouraging the raising and dressing Hemp and Flax in England, as the proportional Part directed to be applied by an Act of the Tenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, of the additional Duties on certain Foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom, which were granted by an Act of the Seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign.

The Money remaining in the Exchequer, reserved there for encouraging the raising and dressing Hemp and Flax in England, as the proportional Part directed to be applied by an Act of the Tenth Year of His Majesty's

Reign, of the additional Duties on certain Foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom, which were granted by Mi Act of the Seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, amounts to the Sum of Forty-four thousand Seven hundred and Nineteen Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Five Pence Halfpenny.

Exchequer, John Hughfon.

the 17th Day of May 1781.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Att ACCOUNT of such Monies as remained in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of 1781, subject to the Disposition of Parliament, exclusive of ilie Surplus then remaining of the Sinking Fund.

Duly on Sugars since 29th September 1764 ——

Cambricks, fife, since ill August 1766 ——

Melasses, kc. since ift November 1766 ——

Paper, Glass, fife, since 20th November 1767 ——

Compositions paid on Account of James Gildart, Receiver General of the County of Lancaster ——

Subsidy on Rice exported, which was imported Duty free ——

Money paid on Account of the Militia notraifedin Nottinghamshire -

Imprest Money repaid by Milward Roue, Esquire ——

- Money paid by Edward Johnson, Esquire, Surplus of the Duty on Lottery Licences after satisfying the Expences of the Lottery, A' 1780 -

Duty on Apples imported ——

£ s- d-6>499 *5 9* 945 6 "

9

1*623 *7 3

6,000 — — 26 8 —

384 17 2

862 12 6

250 ——

1 r —

£.16,879 6 8*

Exchequer,

the 17th Day of May 1781* ‘ John Hughfon.

Ordered,

0

2i Geo. III. 170 Man, 475

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Cutloms, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Account of An Account of the Annual Import of Raw Sugar Sugar. into all England during the last Twelve Years, viz. importe ' from Christmas i 768 to Christmas 1780, from the Islands of Jamaica, Saint ICkts, Nevis, Saint Lucia, Antigua, Grenada, Movt/errat, Saint Vincents, and

Dominica, and from the same Islands into the Port of London; distinguishing each Iflatid, and each Year. And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Forfeiture of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Ships uftd :n resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Smuggling. Upon t|ie gin for explaining and amending the several Laws now in Force, respecting the Forfeiture of Ships or Vessels in certain Cafes, and for further securing the Property of the Owners in such Ships or Vessels against the Misconduct of the Masters, Mates, and Seamen, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charles Townshend took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr Charles Toionjhendreported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

ozven, and from the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood to Rednal Green, in the Parish of King's Norton, and from Carter's Lane to rrhe Bell Inn at North field, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, as relates to

the Road from Dudley Wood to Rednal Green, and from Carter's Lane to The Betl Inn at; with-

out any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Toller Lane Act for continuing and amending an Act, made in the Road*. Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending and widening the ltoads from the West F.nd of Toller Lane, near Bradford, through Haworth, in the County of York, to a Place called Blue Bell, near Colne, in the County of Lancaster, and from a Place called The Two Laws to Kighley, in the said County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitu!ed, An Act Kent Street for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Dan for J,

the Stone's End in Kent Street, in the Parish of Saint c' °* George; Southwark, to Hartford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and Sui reij, and for other Purposes; without any Amendment: And also, Mark The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Inclosure* Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors,

Commons, and Waste Lands, called Mark Moor, other-wife Thurll Moor; Mark Liberty Moor, otherwise

der Moor, and Foie Moors and Commons, situate within the Parish of Mark, in the County of Somerset, with an Amendment, to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefl'engers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendment into Consideration.

And the said Amendment was read, and is as fol-loweth; viz.

Press 1. Line 32. After " Seymour" insert " as."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Brickdale do carry the Bill to the Lords; dhd acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Duties upon

Servants.

Yerdigrreafe

Manufactory.

Cocking

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Management and Collection of the Duties upon Male Servants, granted by an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to encourage the Manhfaftory of Verdigrease into Great Britain, and for laying a Duty on Foreign Verdigrease imported; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act End through for continuing the Term ofan Act, made in the Twenty-^Ro»d*k eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, widening, and mending, the Road from Cocking End, near Addingham, in the West Riding of the County of York, through Kildwick, to Black Lane End, in the County Palatine of , without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge over the River at or

near Old Shareham, in the county of : without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Market House in Stourbridge to Colly Gate in Cradlnj, and from Pedmore to Holly Ilall, and from Colly Gale to Hctlef-Vol. 38.

Adur Bridge at Shordiam.

Stourbridge

Hoad.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Desertion of-Reading of the Bill for more effectually preventing the ' Sea»en. Desertion of Seamen from His Majesty's Navy;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question.; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Four Months."

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled," An Act for the better Encouragement of the Trade of His Majesty's Sugar " Colonies in America," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That the Word " now"

(land Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j} 65.

Tellers for the Noes, j ] 73,

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words upon " this Day Four Months" be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, lb amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Four Months.

The

47 6

17°_ 18° Mail.

A. 1781*

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the *rn' '^ole House, Upon the Bil! to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, all the Laws now in being relative to the manufacturing or vending of Gold within this Kingdom, and to the exporting of the fame, and for ascertaining and settling the Standards for the Manufacture of Gold Wares.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Parry took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Parry reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Exportation Ordered, That Mr. Henry have Leave to

of printed make a Motion, it being near Eight of the Clock.

«tton*, Ice. jje move(j the'House accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Peel do, Tomorrow Morning, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of an Allowance of Bounties to be granted on the Exportation of printed, painted, and stained Cottons an^l Callicoes.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Cardzvell do attend the raid Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Bertie Marklund do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Petrie do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Prefcot do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephen Williams do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Isle of Man. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy

of the Memorial of the Commissioners of the Harbours in The Isle of Man, presented to the Lords of the Treasury, dated the 2.ill of 1780.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V eneris, 18* Mail;

Anno 2i* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1781,

Praters.

Royal A (Tent A MESSAGE by Sir Francii Molyneux, Gentle-to Bilk. man Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several public and private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of

terbury ,the 1 xml High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of

*7

Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord President of the Council, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for repealing the present Duties upon Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, made in Great Britain; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof:

An Act for the better Management and Collection of the Duties upon Male Servants, granted by an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty:

An Act to indemnify such Person^ as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be damped according to Law, or, having been damped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly damped: and to give further Time to such Persons as If&ve omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors;

An Act for allowing further Time for the Exportation of, or Payment of the Duties upon, Bugles when warehoused upon Importation into this Kingdom; and for obviatingaDoubt with respect to charging the Duties on Rum imported from Scotland into The Isle of Man:

An Act to permit Goods, the Prod 11st or Manufacture of certain Places within The Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great or Ireland, in British or Foreign Vessels, from any Place whatsoever, and for laying a Duty on Cotton and Cotton ' Wool imported into this Kingdom, in Foreign Ships or Vessels during the present Hostilities:

An Act to permit, during the present Hbftilities, the Importation of Goods, the Produce of the Plantations of the Crown of Portugal, into Great Britain or Ireland, in Porlugueze Vessels, and the Importation of certain other Goods therein enumerated in any Neutral Ships and Vessels:

An Act to continue several Laws, relating; to the opening and establishing certain Free Ports in the Island of Jamaica: to the allowing the lice Importation of Sago Powder and Vermicelli from His Majesty's Colonies in North America; to the free Importation of certain raw Hides and Skinsfrom Ireland and the Plantations in America -, to the allowing ihe Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to certain Places in North America which are, o: may be, under the Protection of His Majesty's Arm*, and from Inch Places to Great Britain, and other Parts of His Majesty's Dominions; to the clandestine Running of un-customed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the preventing the clandestine Rutiuing of Goods, and the Danger of Infeftior. thereby; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty's Plantations in America; to the preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; and to revive and continue several Laws relating to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; to the impower-iugHis Majesty to prohibit thoExportation, and restrain the carrying Coastwise, of Copper in Bars or Copper in Sheets; to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British Corn and Grain in Neutral Ships:

An Act to encourage the Manufactory of Verdigrease in Great Britain, and for laying a Duty on Foreign Verdigrease imported:

An Act for vesting Part of a certain Close called

Shack

a i Geo. III. iMaii. 477.

Shack Field, otherwise Vicars Fields Parcel of the Lands belonging to the Vicarage of Halifax, in the County of York, in Trustees, for the Purpose of making a convenient Road from a Street called Southgate, in the Town of Hal fax, over and through the said Close, to the Public Hall lately erected in the said Town of Halifax, called The Manufacturers Hall; and to enable the Vicar of the Parish of Halifax and his Successors to grant Building Leases of the other Parts of the said Close, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for continuing and making more effectual several Acts of Parliament, puffed for cleansing and making navigable the Channel from The to IVivcnhoe, in the County of and for repairing

and cleansing the Streets of the Town of Colchester, and also for lighting the Streets and Lanes, and for preventing Annoyances in the said Town:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widen-

ing certain Roads therein described, as relate to the Roads from Otleij to Skifion in the County of York, from Skiplon to Colne in the County of Lancaster, and from Skipton to Clitheroe in the said County:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing feve-

rrd Roads, so far as relates to the Road from Leeds to XJtley, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from the present Turnpike Road upon Greenhill Moor, near Norton, in the County of Derby, to Halherfage in

the same County, through the several Parishes of Norton, Dronfield, and Halherfage, in the said County of

Derby; and also the Road from the Road leading from Cheferfield to Hernstone Lane Head, near Mid-

dleton, to Tolley, through the several Parishes of zoell, Hope, Halherfage, and Dronfield, all in the said County of Derby:

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames, at the Town of Henley upon Thames, in the County of Oxford, and making commodious Avenues thereto; for widening some Part of the High Street and the Market Place; for lighting and watching; for regulating the Footway's in, and for removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances from, the said Town:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Ninth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads therein described, so far as the same relate to the Road from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called Mile Slone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County:

An Act for continuing the Term of an Act made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, widening, and mending the Road irom Cocking End, near Addingham, in the West Riding of the County of York, through Kildwick, to Black Lane End, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

A AS for building a Bridge over the River Adur, at or near Old Shoreham, in the County of

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Market House in Stourbridge, to Colley Gate in and from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and from Colly Gate to Halesowen, and from the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood to Bednal Green, in the Parish of King's Norton,

and from Carter's Lane to The Bell Inn at in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, as relates to the Jtoad from Dudley Wood to Rednal Green, and from Carter's Lane to The Bell Inn at Northfield: Vo L.38.

An Act for-continuing and-amending an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads from the West End of Toller Lane, near Bradford, through Ilaxvorth, in the County of York, to a Place called Blue Bell, near Colne, in the County of Lancaster, and from a Place called The Two Laws to Kighley, in the said County of York:

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from The Stone's End in Kent Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Southwark, to Dartford, and other,

Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of and Surrey; and for other Purposes:

An Act for vesting Part of the Freehold Estates in the County of Kent, devised by the Will of Sir Gregory Page, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to sell the same for discharging Incumbrances, and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof to the like Uses; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors,

Commons, or Tracts of Commonable Land, called or known by the Names of Tealham Moor, Blackford Moor, Blackford Ham, and Hare Pit, within the Manor of Blackford, in the Parish of Wedmore, in the County of Somerfcl:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Winfarthing, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing (he Open Fields, Commonable Grounds, and Places, of and within the Manor, Lordship, and Liberties of in the County of Leicester:

An Act for naturalizing Dorothy Hannah Louisa Harriot Henley, the Wife of William Henley, Esquire.

Mr. Charles Townshend, according to Order, reported Forfeiture of from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Ship* used for Bill for explaining and amending the several Laws now Smugglin4-in Force, respecting the Forfeiture of Ships or Vessels in certain Cafes, and for further securing the Property of the Owners in such Ships or Vessels against the Mil-conduct of the Mailers, Mates, and Seamen, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they haddirested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Mulfo, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House; pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Money received by Duties laid on Account of printed and stained Cottons and Callicoes, and printed Duties on and stained Linens, from the ill of 1780 to Cotton*, See.

the ill of January 1781; and also, an Account of the Drawbacks allowed on the Exportation of those Articles during the same Period.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of an Allowance of Bounties to be granted on the Exportation of printed, painted, and stained Cottons and Callicoes.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

6 F Ordered,

Leke

Inclosure.

Fairfax's

Mates.

Commissioner* of Public Accounts.

Jflc of Man.

478 189

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Lammas Closes, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Great Leke, otherwise East Leke, in the County of Nottingham, he now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to confirm and establish an Agreement for cancelling and making void aSettlement of certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the North Riding of the County of York, the Estates of the honourable Ann Fairfax, Spinster, and for making another Settlement of the same Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, to the Uses mentioned in such Agreement, was ‘committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; vmd that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Rejblred, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Lord North presented to the House, according to Order, A Bill for continuing an Act, made in he last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and (late, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, " and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the Public Service; and what Defects there are in the present " Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for Public Money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive Manner, the said Services can in future be regulated and " carried on for the Benefit of the Public:" And the fume was received; anil read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Copy of a Letter to the Duke of Atholl, dated 25th July 1764, relative to the Sale of The IJleof Man: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Atholl, relative to the Sate of The Isle of Man, dated House,

20th August 1764: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter to the Duke of Atholl, dated j 2th September 1764, relative to the Sale of The Isle of Man: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Letter to the Duke of Atholl, dated 22d January 1765, relative to the Sale of The Isle of Man: And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from the Duke and Duchef* of Atholl, dated 27th February 1765, with Proposalsof the Surrender of their Rights in Tke Isle of Man: And also,

N° 1. Copy of Draft Clause for collecting and appropriating the Duties in The Isle of Man, proposed to be added to the Bill for vesting the Property of that Island in the Crown, with Mr. Attorney General's Opinion thereon, dated 23d April 1765: And also,

N° 2. Copy of Opinion of the Attorney and Solicitor General, dated 23d May 1765, relating to the Mode of the Crown's taking Possession of The IJU of Man:

And nlfq,

« . -' *

Matt. A. 1781.

N° 3. Copy of Opinion of the Attorney General, dated 31st December 1765, respecting the Custody of certain Deeds relative to The Isle of Man: And also,

N° 4. Copy of the Opinion of Mr. , dated 16th

July 1766, touching the collecting the Municipal Taxes of The Isle of Man: And also,

N° 5. Copy of Opinion of Mr. C. Yorke, dated 16th July 1766, on a Letter from Mr. Wood relative to Fairs and Markets in The Isle of Man, and to the Governor's House there: And also,

N° 6. Copy of same touching the granting Leases of the Harbour Fisheries in The Isle of Man, with the Opinion of the Attorney General, dated 16th July 1766: And also,

N° 7. Copy of the Attorney General's Opinion, dated 27th October 1766, relative to the Right of Fish-ings in the Sea: And also,

N° 8. Copy of Opinion of the Attorney and Solicitor General, dated 15th April 1767, on a same respecting the Property of Goods taken up at Sea (the Owners of which are not known) adjoining the Coasts of The Isle of Man:And also,

N® q. Copy of Opinion of the Attorney and Solicitor General, dated.14th July 1779, on a same respecting the Property of a Part of the Sea Beach in the Harbour of Douglas, Isle of Man.

Together with Schedules of the said Papers.

And the said Schedules were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for w carrying into Execution a Contraft made, pursuant " to the Act of Parliament of the Twelfth of his late Majesty King George the l'irft, between the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and the Duke " and Duchess of Atholl, {he Proprietors of The Isle of Man, and their Trustees, for the Purchase of the <c said Island and its Dependencies, under certain Exceptions therein particularly named;" and to ascertain and establish the Jurisdiction of the IVianerial Courts of the Most Noble John Duke of Atholl in the said Island, and to enable the said Duke, and h is Heirs, to exercise and enjoy certain Powers and Remedies therein mentioned, is committed.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Gilbert Elliot took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Gilbert Elliot reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjooromt 1 House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. !

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Exportation ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of printed House, t® consider of an Allowance of Bounties to be Cottons, it granted on the Exportation of printed, painted, and stained Cottons and Callicoes.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Sappl,. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning W«y*

uext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, *n<1 IS t*

A

Sto\rer

navigation.

Baker's

Effete.

Pi knock's

Eft ate.

21 Geo. 411. 184 —

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lurue, 21° die Maii;

Anno 2i* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

MR. . Fonnercaureported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for appointing new Commissioners for continuing to carry into Execution the Trulls and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen , intituled, "An Act for making the River Slower navigable from " the Town of Maningtree in the County of to

" the Town of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk," in the Room and Place of those named in the said Act, who are since dead, and for explaining and amending the said Act, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereto subscribed, being Freeholders, Owners, and Occupiers of Lands and ancient Water Mills lying upon and adjacent to the River Slower, leading from Maningtree, in the County of E/fex, to Sudbury, in the County of was re-

ferred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they hod directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Filmer IJonyivood reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Ellate of John Baker, Esquire, in Fclkstone, in the County of Kent, in the said John Baker, in Fee Simple, and for settling another Ellate of the said John Baker, in the said County of Kent, of equal Value, in lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allega. tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Filmer do carry the

Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Francis Foivnes Lull nil reported from Ihe Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effectuating the Sale of a Freehold Ellate of Ann Pinnock, an Infant, at New in

the County of Berks, pursuant to an Agreement with Thomas Tildejley, Gentleman, was committed; That the

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties Vol. 38.

i° Maii. 479

concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to Report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fownes Luftrell do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for continuing an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for exempting the City of the County of Southampton, the Town of and the County of Salop, out of the Provisions of an Act, " made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " regulating the Quartering of Soldiers during the " Time of the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament;" so far as the same relates to the Removal " of Troops during the Elections of Members to serve " in Parliament, for a limited Time," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Powys presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing the Road from The Dun Cow, in the Town of Dunchurch, to the Town of Hillmorton, in the County of IParxcick; and from

thence to Saint James's End, in the Parish of in the County of Northampton -, and for repealing the several Laws now in Force relating to the said Road: And the same was received; and read the First, Time. lle/olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord North presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to direct the Payment into the Exchequer of the respective Balances remaining in the Hands of the several Persons therein named, for the Use and Benefit of the Public; and for indemnifying the said respective Persons and their Representatives in respect of such Payments, and against all future Claims relating thereto; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rung reported from the Committee, to Whom the Bill for diminishing the Fees payable, and altering the Mode of Proceeding in the Court of Record, within the Manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, the Hamlets and Liberties of the fame, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Commissioners acting under the Authority of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty-fburth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within The Tower Hamlets," and of several other Householders and Inhabitants of the said Hamlets, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One: and, upon the Quelliou

severally

Quartering Soldiers in Winchefbr during Electioi'.s.

Bunckurch, &c. Road.

Payment of Accountants Balances.

Stepney artxt Hackney Court of Record.

Growth of Hemp and Flax.

Ditto.

Ditto.

480

21® Mail.

A. 1781,

feverafty put thereupon, were, with several Aihendments to One of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved. Than an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional " Duties on certain Foreign Linens imported into this " Kingdom, and for establishing a Fund for the encou-<c raging of the railing and dressing of Hemp and Flax," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, and the* rest of the Common Council, of the Town of Neiucajtle upon Tyne, in the County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in Common Council assembled: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants and Tradesmen of the Town and County of Texvcafile upon Tyne;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting additional Duties on certain Foreign Lineins to be imported into this Kingdom, and enacting. That the said Duties should, from Time to Time, be paid into the Exchequer, distinct from all other Branches of the Public Revenue, and that a Sum, hot exceeding15,000per Annum, arising from the said Duties, should be kept apart as a Fund for the Encouragement of railing and dressing Hemp and Flax in this Kingdom, in such Manner as Parliament should direct; and that the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne hath heretofore carried on a very large Trade with Holland for Flax and Flax Seed, upon which many considerable Linen Manufactories established in the North of England depended; and that the late Rupture with the States of Holland put an immediate Stop to that Trade, which mult prove very detrimental to this Country in general, and to the Town and Neighbourhood of Neiocajile upon Tyne in particular, if some Means are not speedily found to procure a Supply of Flax and Flax Seed from some other Resource; and that the Petitioners, in the present Emergency, apprehend, that promoting and encouraging the Growth of Flax and Flax Seed in England, with all possible Affi-duity, would be of the greatest Importance, as it might in Time not only render the Linen Trade of Great Britain independent on Foreign Nations for those valuable Commodities, but would prove a great Encouragement to Agriculture in this Kingdom; and, to shew the Necessity of preventing an absolute Dependence upon the States of Hollander a Supply of Flax and Flax Seed, the Petitioners beg Leave to Hate the following Circumstances, viz. That Two Ships, laden in Holland with several Hundred Matts of Flax and Flax Seed for the Port of Nexocastle upon 7ywe, having been detained in Hollanduvon the Commencement of Hostilities, and 'afterwards released, were obliged, before they were suffered to depart thence, to re-deliver all their Flax and Flax Seed; and that the States have issued a Placart, obliging all Persons shipping Flax there for any Port at Peace with the States, to give Security, to the Amount of Ten Times the Value of such Flax, that it shall not be re-shipped to be sent to any Part of Great Britain or Ireland j and that the Petitioners presume there never was a Time when the aforesaid Fund given by Parliament, and still remaining in the Exchequer, could have been applied to the Purposes it was wifely intended for, with so much Propriety and solid Advantage to the Public as it may at present, when the Want of Flax is likely to occasion great Distress in the Country, and when Bn7i//rSubjects have no other Pro-speft of being supplied, than from an Increase of the Culture of it at Home: And therefore praying the House to take the Matter into Consideration, and to direct the said Fund to be applied to the lalutary Purposes it was intended for, in such Way and Manner as the House shall deem moll expedient.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered ' to lie upon the Table.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, jnconie That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the Off, ers held whole House,*to whom it is referred to consider further *7 Member of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, that they do consider of applying to the Service of the Public, during the Continuance of the present War, a certain Proportion of the Income of the Offices held by Persons who now are, or may be. Members of either House of Parliament;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas f Sw Philip Jennings

1 ellers lor the I eas^ Mp Harder, j 3 j-

TeHers for the Noes| . ] 9<-

So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Alderman Sawbridge reported from the Cora- j)uri„ 0B mittee, to whom the Petition of the Sugar Refiners of Prize London was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House g . to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled " Charge of Ser-" vices performed, and Estimate of the Charge of Ser-cc vices necessary to be performed, by the Office of <c Ordnance within the Year 1781, exclusive of those " Services which were specified in the last Estimate " presented by the said Office to Parliament, Land " Service," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sum necessary for the Service of the Year 1781, to carry on the Works of the new Offices at Somerset House, now executing under the Direction of Sir William Chambers, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered,

SVnvs anj Means.

Exportation of printed Cottons, &c.

Kail India Military Affairs.

2 l GEO. III. 2 i& 2° 48 r*

Ordered, That the Report be deceived Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was

directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolvedfl'hat this Housewill, upon Wednesday Morn* itig next* refidve it fie 1 f into a Committee of the whole House, to eonlider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to rel'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to I lis Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into (he said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had Come to a Reiblution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Tiie House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Allowance of Bounties to be granted on the Exportation of printed, painted* and stained Cottons and Callicoes,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. WilbrahamBootle took the Chair Of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wilbraham Bootle reported from the Committee, That they had examined a Witness, and had come to a Rfesolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 2 2° dMaii; Anno 21* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. frorrt

the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° x. Ext ran s of Advices to Fort Saint George, relative to the military Establishment of the Nabob of The Carnalic, and the garrisoning the Fortresses in his

Highuefss Territories: And also,

N° i. Extracts of Advices from Fort Saint. George, relative to the military Establishment of the Nabob of The Carnatic, and the garrisoning the Fortresses in his Highness's Territories: And also,

N° 3. Extracts of Fort Saint George Consultatione* Vot. 38.

Relative to the military festablishment of the Nabob of The Carnatic, and the garrisoning the Fortieses in his Higlmefs's Territories: And also,

Na 4.. Propofitiotis submitted by the Court of Directors of the East India Company as the Balis of an Agreement with Government; with the Minutes of the Answers given by Lord North on the Converlations had with his Lordtliip reflecting the Proportions.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table; to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and carrying into Execution certain Articles of Agreement made between the Devisee and Heirs at Law of Frederick Lord deceastdj

respecting the Province of Maryland, in America, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, and for the establishing and veiling the said Province in Henry Harford, Esquire, and his Heirs, upon the several Payments, Terms, and Conditions, and in Manner therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Mr. Frederick Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Majlerman reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of and Kent, being

Part of the settled Estates of John of Hit chin,

in the County of Hertford, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by fuel) Sale in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate and being in the Counties of and Bedford, or one of them, to be settled in lieu thereof to the like Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Majlerman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Francis Eyre reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effecting an Exchange between Pratchitt, and William Pratchitt, Gentlemen, of their Estates in the Counties of Stafford and and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the BilU«and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the B ll, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Eyre do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for preventing certain Abuses and 6 G Profanations

Lord

Baltimore's Property in Maryland.

Radcliffe't

Estates.

Pratchitt'*

Estates.

48*

Preventing Profanations on the Lord's Day, Called Sunday, was Profanation* rea(} the Third Tjme

u Rejoiced, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be. An Act for preventing; certain Abuses and Profanations on the Lord's Day, called Sunday.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Cocks presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Account of An Account of all Guns, Shot, Powder, and other Ordnance Gunner's Stores, delivered into His Majesty's Ordnance, Store*, being Stores from the Transports employed under the Direction of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, before 31st December last; distinguishing the Sorts, Quantity, and Quality, of such Guns and Stores, and the Time when they were received respectively.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the 1 "Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Forfeiture of An ifigfoffed Bill for explaining and amending the

*So»u °linl*evera* Laws now in Force respecting the Forfeiture of "88 "8* ships or Vessels in certain Cafes, and for further securing the Property of the Owners in such Ships or Vessels against the Misconduct of the Mailers, Mates, and Seamen, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for further securing the Property of the Owners in such Ships or Vessels as are liable to Forfeiture, for importing Spirits or other Goods, by the Misconduct of the Mailers, Mates, and Seamen.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

tte of Mao. Sir Gilbert Elliot, according to Order, reported from4 the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " carrying into Execution a Contraft made, pursuant " to the Act of Parliament of the Twelfth of his late Majesty King George the First, between the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury and the Duke " and Duchess of Alholl, the Proprietors of The Isle of " Man, and their Trustees, for the Purchase of the " said Island and its Dependencies, under certain Exceptions therein particularly named," and to ascertain and eltabiilh the Jurisdiction of the Manerial Courts of the Most Noble John Duke of Alholl in the said Idand, and to enable the said Duke, and his Heirs, to exercise and enjoy certain Powers and Remedies therein mentioned, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House j^and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; a id, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for ascertaining and collecting the Herring Custom.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause Was offered to be added to the Bill, for registering the Boats employed in the Herring Fishery.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for enforcing the Payment of the said Culiom.

jl. I 78 f *

And the said Clause was Twice rdad; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill* for enabling His Majesty to appoint an Admiral and Vice Admiral of the Fishery.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring that no Arrears of Cullotns shall be claimed.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; declaring that the Derelict Lands shall belong to the Crown.

And the said Cfanfe was Twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; declaring that the last mentioned Clause shall not extend to the Derelict Lands now used for public Wharfs.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House* to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Poor Rtu4 the better Relief and Employment of the Poor: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Coke of Nottingham, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr.

John Robinson, and the Lord Westcote, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Sb^* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clark's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Fifty-two thousand One hundred and Four PoundsThree Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of Services performed, and necessary to be performed, by the Office of Ordnance within the Year 1781, exclusive of those Services which were specified in the last Estimate presented by the said Office to Parliament, for Land Service.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-six thousand Two hundred and Seven Pounds Four Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty upon Account, towards carrying on the Buildings at Housey

for the Year 1781, and that the said Sum be issued and paid without any Deduction whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Two hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to William Smith, Doctor of Physic, of Brook Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover , in Recoin pence

for his afficluous arid humane Attendance upon the sick and diseased Prisoners confined in several Prisons within and near this Metropolis, for upwards of Four Years* from the Month of March 1776, and for his Trouble,

Loss of Time, and Expences, in enquiring into the State, Condition, and Management of such Prisons* and for making public the Result of such Enquiries.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon* agreed to by the House,

A Motion

2,2° Mali.

Or. W. Smith's At* endance on he Sick of _ondoii iaoii*

Way# i#d Means*

fcfl India Company's

Agreement.

Exportation of primed Cottons, See.

r

Linen

lanuUdure.

L

aiGfib. III. 12° — Mail 483

A Motion was 10aide, &hd the Qileftion being put, That a Bill be brought iu, pursuant to the lad of the said Resolutions;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the YeaS,g'r^g' ] 3fl.

Tellers for tl,eNoes|^; G(£Z£O0m, } »5*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative*

Oi'dered, That Sir Herbert and Mi*.

Gilbert do prepare, and bring in* the said Bill.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raif-ing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds be raised, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the 5th Day of April 1782, to be exchanged and received in Payment in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Ord, the Lord North, the Lord Westcote, the Lord Palmerston, Sir Richard Sut-

ton, Mr. Buller, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. John Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Proceedings of the General Court of the East India Company upon the Propositions submitted by the Court of Directors of the said Company as the Basis of an Agreement with Government.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Egerton do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Allowance of Bounties to be granted on the Exportation of printed, painted, and stained Cottons and Callicoes.

Sir Thomas Egerton accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution. which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the respective Bounties on plain British and Irish Linen, granted by an Act, passed in tfye Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and continued by several subsequent Statutes, be granted on the Exportation of printed, painted, and liained Cottons and Callicoes, for a Time to be limited.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the QuelUon put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee ,of the whole House, to whom the Bill for extending the Provisions of Three Acts, made in the Twenty* ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Tenth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting a . :VOI. 38.

Bounty on certain Species of and Irish Linens

exported, to Brit Jhand Irish Linens printed and liained

in Great Britain exported, and for taking off the Duties payable on the Importation of Wood and Weed Allies, Pot and Pearl Allies, Barilla, and that Species of Blue called Smalts, is committed, That they have* Power to make Provision in the said Bill for granting 011 the Exportation of printed, painted, and liained Cottons and Callicoes, the respective Bounties granted on plain British and Irish Linen, by an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and continued by several subsequent Statutes.

Oi'dered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Upon the said Bill, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Archibald Edmonftune took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Sir Archibald Edmonjlonereported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Merctlrii, 23* die Maii;

Anno a* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1781,

Prayers.

THE House was moved. That an Act, made ih Salt used the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for reducing the Duties *Iarme Atl<*

" on Foul Salt to be used for Manure; for altering " the Stamp Duties on certain Policies of Assurance;

" for amending so much of an Act, made in the " Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty " King George the Second, as relates to the Allowance " of the Duties of Customs, and exempting from the " Duties of Excise such Rum or Spirits, of the Growth,

" Produce, or Manufacture of the British Sugar Plantations in America, as shall be exported from this Kingdom; for better securing the Excise Duties upon " Foreign Liquors imported; for repealing a Clause in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament,

" prohibiting the Sale of condemned Tea for Home " Consumption; for amending such Parts of Two " Acts, made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relate to the depositing in the Warehouses belonging to the Custom " House at London, Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, and Cambricks, and French Lawns, upon the Seizure thereof," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the Duties oit Salt used in manuring Land, and of extending the Provisions thereof to Scotland, and also to Salt uled in making Marine Acid anti Mineral Alkali.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Adam took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr,

Plymouth Poor and Street*.

Bast India Company'# Agreement.

Account of Bast India Company' Balances.

Balances of Accounts in Imprest

Office

Stepney and Hackney Court ot KecorU.

23* Mali.

i 7$ f *

Mr. Adam reported from the Committee, That they

had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, Vvhen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Francis Basset reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better maintaining and regulating of the Poor within the Town of Plymouth. and Parish of Stoke Damarell, in the County of and for paving, cleansing, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, and removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisanoes, and Annoyances, and regulating the Drivers of Coaches, Cha i fes, and Carts, and also Chairmen and Porters, within the said Town, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table :Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Michell,- from the United Company of Merchants of trading to The East Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purftrant to their Orders,

A Copy of the Proceedings of the General Court of the East India Company, held on Monday the axft of May 1781, upon the Prqpositions submitted by the Court of Directors of the said Company, as the Basis of an Agreement with Government: And also.

An Account of the Balances in Favoar of the East India Company in England, reuniting from the Whole of their Trade and Territorial Revenues in India, from the 1 ft of March 1774 to the ill'of March 1781; distinguishing each Year; and an Abstractof such Balances, with the Disposition of the fame.

Together with a List of the said Copy and Account.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

The said Copy and Account are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Beckwith, from His Majesty's Imprest Office, attended at the Door"; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of Balances due to Government from the several Persons therein mentioned, whose Accounts are made up in the Offices of the Auditors of His Majesty's Imprefis, but are not declared; and which do not appear, by the Books of their Offices, to have beeii delivered to the Commissioners for flating the Public Accounts.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Tfie said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this SeiTion.

An ingrossed Bill for diminishing the Fees payable, and altering the Mode of Proceeding, in the Court of Record, within the Manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the County of Midiilej'ex, the Hamlets and Liberties of the fame, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass *. And that the Title be, An Act for diminishing the Fees payable, and altering the Mode of Proceeding, in the Court of Record, within the Manors of Stepney&nd in Ihe County

of Middlesex, the Hamlets and Liberties of the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Bytig do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor: and the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled; " An Act to promote the Residence of the Parochial " Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy " and effectual building, rebuilding, repairing, or pur* " chafing Houses, and other necessary buildings and " Tenements, for the Use of their Benefices," That they do make Provision in the said Bill to enable the Parson, Vicar, or other Incumbent of any Living or Benefice, who has already began to build, re-build, or repair the Parsonage House belonging thereto, but not finished the fame, to raise Money by Mortgage, iu Manner and on the Terms prescribed by the said Act, sufficient to defray the Expences already incurred, and to be incurred, in building, re-building, or repairing such Parsonage House, upon complying with the fever ral Requisites of the said Act, so Far as the particular Circumstances of the Cafe, and Situation of the Buildings, will admit thereof.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Edmund Esquire, in Honeing, in the County of Norfolk, in the said Edmund Mopes, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of the said Edmund Shapes, in Rollejby Burgh, alias Burroio and Repps, in the same County, of greater

Value, in lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty of the 6th Day of July last,

A Book, intituled, " Report from the Officers of

His Majesty's Works, relating to the Losses.and Damages sustained in the late rebellious Insurrections, 1780."

Sir Grey Cooper also presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Copy of a Memorial from the Board of Works, acquainting the Lords of the Treasury, that the King's Bench and Fleet Prisons are reinstated, and ready to be delivered up; and also praying an Imprest of £. 25,000.

Sir Grey Cooper likewise presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all Transport Ships hired by Messrs. Mure and C®. during the Four last Years of the War, spepifying the Time ol'Service, the Amount of Freight,

and

Pfrtr Relief, kti

Reftdenci of the Clcrgyi

Shapes*

Estatei*

I.oflV? hj the late

Iniurrtct.oQ.

King'#

Account of

TransporU,

2i Geo. III.

Supply Bill; ^Exchequer Bills.

Gold used fcy Toymen, dec.

Administration of Justice in Bengal.

T)r. W. Smith's Attendance

2 J*'Mali 485

end Time of their Discharge; distinguishing each Year, as also such Ships as have been employed in bringing Cargoes of Sugars and other Goods from the India Hands, during the Time they were employed on Public Service.

And the Titles of the said Book, Copy, and Account, were read.

Ordered, That the said Book, Copy, and Account, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Book, Copy* and Account, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill lor railing a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Jte/olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Parry, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, all the Laws now in being relative to the manu-fasturingor vending of Gold within this Kingdom, and to the exporting of the fame; and for ascertaining and settling the Standards . for the Manufacture of Gold Wares, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon the 8th Day of this Inliant May, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Touched and John Irving, Agents for the British Subjects residing in the Provinces of Bengal, Band Orijfa, arrd theilr several Dependencies, whose Names are subscribed to the Petition thereinafter set forth; and also the Petition* of Warren Hafiings, Esquire, Governor General, and of

Philip Francis and Edward Esquires, Counsel-

lors for the Government of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal; and also the Petition of the United

Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, were severally referred, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs f* of the East India Company, as well in India as iu " Europe," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend so much of the said Act as relates to the Administration of Justice in; and for the

Relief of certain Persons imprisoned at Calcutta in Bengal, under a Judgment of the Supreme Court of Judicature; and also for indemnifying the Governor General and Council of Bengal, and all Officers who have acted under their Orders or Authority, in the Resistance made to the Process of the Supreme Court: And that Mr. Richard Smith, Mr. Burke, Mr. Boughlon Rouse, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Long, Mr. John,

Mr. Elwes, Mr. Dempfier, the Lord Lewisham, Mr. Graves, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Pulteney, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Sir William James, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Sir Herbert Mackworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for providing a Reward to . Vol. 38.

William Smith, Doctor of Physic, for his diligent hnd humane Attendance upon the Sick and Diseased Pri* foners confined in several Pril'ons within and near this Metropolis, for Four Years: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the present State of the East India Company, the proper Method of governing and managing the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues now in their Possession, and of l'ecuring to the Public a just Proportion of the Profits arising therefrom;

Ordered, That the Copy of the Proceedings of the General Court of the East India Company, held on Monday the 21st of May 1781, upon the Propositions fubinitted by the Court of Directors of the said Company, as the Balls of an Agreement with Government, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Balances in Favour of the East India Company in England, resulting from the Whole of their Trade and Territorial Revenues in India, from the ill of March 1774 to the ill of March 1781, distinguishing each Year; and an Abstract of such Balances, with the Disposition of the fame, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several other Papers and Accounts which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, relative to the Affairs of the East India Company, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committed.

" Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

M r. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee* That they had cojpe to a Resolution; which they had directed him to 'report,' When the House wilFpleafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the*Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the present State of the East India Company, the proper Method of governing and managing the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues now in their Possession, and of securing to the Public a just Proportion of the Profits arising therefrom.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The HOufe resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

6 H Notice

on the Sick of London Gaols*

State of the East India Company*

Ways and Means*

486 03* — 24* 781.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty's luterest is concerned in the Bill to explain and amend an Act, of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for carrying into Execution a Contract made, pursuant to the Act of Parliament of the " Twelfth of his late Majesty King George the First, " between the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and the Duke and Duchess of the Proprietors of The Isle and their Trustees, for the Purchase of the said Istand and its Dependencies, under certain Exceptionstherein particularly named," and to ascertain and eftahlifti the Jurisdiction of the Manerial Courts of the Most Noble John Duke of Atholl, in the said Istand, and to enable the said Duke and his Heirs to exercise and enjoy certain Powers and Remedies therein mentioned; which Bill was Yesterday reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jctvis, 24° die Maii;

Anno 2i° Georgii III1" Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

u ERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War-

ipon nt. \J rant to clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ripon, in the County of York, in the room of William Ef-

quire, deceased.

Quartering The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Soldiers in a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Winchester continuing an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Eledhona. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for " exempting the City of the County of

" Southampton, the Town of and the County of Salop, out of the Provisions of an Act, " made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for regulating the Quartering of Soldiers during the " Time of the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament," so far as the same relates to the Removal * of Troops during the Elections of Members to serve " in Parliament, for a limited Time."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Penton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Penton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Salt used in Mr. Adam, according to Order, reported from the making Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-MatiM Acid, ferred to consider of so much of gn Act, made in tho 18.

Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for reducing the Duties on iFoul Salt " to be used for Manure; for altering the Stamp Du*

" ties on certain Policies of A flu ranee; for amending so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year " of the Reign of his late Majesty King George Second, as relates to the Allowance of the Duties of " Customs, and exempting from the Duties of Excise " such Rum or Spirits, of the Growth, Produce, of " Manufacture of the British Sugar Plantations in Ame*

" rica, as shall be exported from this Kingdom; for

" better securing the Excise Duties upon Foreign Liquors imported; for repealing a Clause in an Act,

" made in the last Session of Parliament, prohibiting " the Sale of condemned Tea for Home Consum ption;

" for amending such Parts of Two Acts, made in the " Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relate to the depositing in the Warehouses " belonging to tlte Custom House at London, Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, and Cambricks, and " French Lawns, upon the Seizure thereofas relates to the Duties on Salt used in manuring Land, and of extending the Provisions thereof to Scotland, and also to Salt used in making Marine Acid and Mineral Alkali; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the extending the Provisions of so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the reducing the Duties on Foul Salt to be used for Manure to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and also to Salt used in making Marine Acid and Mineral Alkali, will be beneficial to this Kingdom.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Several Amendments were proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words the extending," and inserting the Words " it would be expedient to " extend," instead thereof; by leaving out the Words *( to that Part of Great Britain called 3" and

inserting the Words " in England, to foul Salt used for " Manure," instead thereof; and by leaving out the Words " will be beneficial to this Kingdom," and inserting the Words in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended. That it would be expedient to extend the Provisions of so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the reducing the Duties on foul Salt to be used for Manure in England, to foul Sait used for Manure, and also to Salt used in making Marine Acid and Mineral Alkali, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution, as agreed to by the House: And that Mr.

Adam, Mr. Dempfer, and Sir Grey Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of George Ritchie, present Matter of the potion* Incorporation of Shipmasters in Leith, in Name and respecting Behalf of that Incorporation: And also, Manning

A Petition of the Merchant Company in Leith: And the *'7' also,

A Petition of the Owners and Matters of Ships, and others concerned in the commercial Interests of this Kingdom, in the Port of London;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioqers have maturely considered a Maritime Plan for manning the Royal Navy voluntarilyv and for the better Regulation of Seamen in the Merchants Service,

Or^rmvlch

LIoipitaL

Account of BariHa, &c;

Dr. W. Smith'* Attendance on the Sick of London Gaols.

State of the East India Company.

Geo. Ill*

46 Maiu

4*7

Vice, which was printed find published by Order4 of the House last Session of Parliament, and are c learly of Opinion, that it is well calculated to answer the great Purposes intended.and practicable in every Part; and that the Petitioners* after having long felt and lamented those expensive and dangerous Delays which the Naval Operations and Commercial Concerns of the British Empire have often suffered by the prefect coercive Mode of manning the Royal Navy, are extremely happy to find that a Plan, so well calculated to prevent the like Evils in future, has so far obtained the Consideration and Sanction of the House: And therefore praying the House to resume the Consideration of the said Plan, and to order in a Bill upon the Principles thereof; and that it may, with such Alterations and Amendments as to the House shall seem meet, be passed into a Law.

And the fiiid Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectually securing to the Royal Hospital for Seamen at all for-

feited and unclaimed Shares of Prize and Bounty Money, and to compel the more speedy Payment thereof, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 25. 1. 18. After " Aft" to insert " wherein no " Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or " Wager of Law, or more than " One Imparlance, shall be allowed."

1. 31. To leave out "or Ireland'*

Pr. 26. 1. 39. To leave out " or Ireland.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Re/o/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectually securing to the Royal Hospital lor Seamen at Greenwich, all such forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prize and Bounty Money as shall arise from, or in respect of, any Prizes to be condemned and fold in His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Sea, and to compel the more speedy Payment thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Gascoynedo carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Tons of Foreign Barilla, Pot Allies, Pearl Allies, and Brinaftone, imported into this Kingdom for the last Twelve Months, distinguishing the Quantity of each Sort, with the Duty paid per Ton for the same.

A Bill for providing a Reward to William Smith, Doctor of Physic, for his diligent and humane Attendance Hpon the Sick and Diseased Prisoners confined in several Prisons within and near this Metropolis, for Four Years, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the First Day of June next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Venues now in their Possession, and of* securing to the Public a just Proportion of the Profits arising therefrom; the Resolution which the Committee had di-rested him to'report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Three Fourth Parts of the Nett Profits of the East India Company at Home, above the Sum of Eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, which have accrued from the Time that the Bond Debt of the said Company was reduced to £. 1,',00,000, ought to be paid into the Exchequer, for the Use of the Public;

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,}

Tellers for the Noes IMr' I

xeuersiortne es,|Mr J

49-

io«

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the House, upon the said Bill Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to take into Consideration the present State of the East India Company, the proper Method of governing and managing the Territorial Acquisitions and Re*

Vol. 38.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that the Lord North, the Lord West-cole, the Lord Palmerston, Sir Richard Sutton, Mr.

Buller, Mr. Attorney General, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Ord, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. John Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Way* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- «nd Means* ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Refq-lution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the further Sum of One Million Nine hundred thousand Pounds be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the 5th Day of April 1782, to be exchanged and received in Payment in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was* upon the Question put thereupon* agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Ord, the Lord North, the Lord Westcote, the Lord Palmerston, Sir Sut-

ton, Mr. Buller, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. John binfon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans Supply Bill; or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One E*chequ*r thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, Th^it the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Hills.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Leftwithiel to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Writ, for the electing of a Burgefis to serve in this present Parliament

488 24* — 2J5 Mail* ' A, 1781.

Parliament for the Borough bf in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the Honourable Thomas de Grey, now Lord Walsingham, called up to the House of Peers.

pwr Relief* A Bill for the better Belief and Employment of the Etc. Poor, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Powys, &c.: And they are to meet this After- nopn, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham* her.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 25* Maii;

Anno 21* Georgii III*1* Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

Radnor Writ QRDERE D, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War-

rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Radnor, in the room of Thomas Johnes, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Auditor of His Majesty's Land Revenue, within the several Counties of the Principality of.

Adjournment Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Plymouth An ingrossed Bill for the better maintaining and re-Poor gulating of the Poor within the Town of Plymouth and Streets. Dock, and Parish of Stoke Damarell, in the County of Devon, and for paving, cleansing, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, and removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and regulating the Drivers of Coaches, Chaises, and Carts, and also Chairmen and Porters, within the said Town, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better maintaining and regulating of the Poor within the Town of Plymouth Dock, and Parish of Stoke Damarell, in the County of Devon, and for paving, cleansing, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, and removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and regulating the Drivers of Coaches, Chaises, and Carts, and also Chairmen and Porters, within the said Town.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Ba/Jet do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

t0wrr An ingrossed Bill for appointing, new Commissioners Navigation, for continuing to carry into Execution the Trusts and Powers of An Act, passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for making the River navi-

" gable from the Town of in the County of Essex, to the Town of Sudbury in the County of . *' Suffolk," in the Room and Place of those named in the said Act, who are since dead, and for explaining and amending the said Act, and for other Purposes . therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he. An Act for appointing new Commissioners for continuing to carry into Execution the Trusts and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen intituled, "An 18

" Aa for making the River Stower navigable from the " Town of Maningtree in the County of Essex, to the " Town of Sudbury in the County o in the

Room and Place of those named in the said Act, who are since dead, and for explaining and amending the said Act, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Fonnereau do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom Poor Reli^ the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the &c* Poor was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, an Account«f Account of the Charge of Victuallers for supplying the Vidu»kn. Troops Abroad with Provisions, from the Time the Navy Board first undertook the said Service to the mh of May 1781; and particularly distingnishing the Amount of the said Charge from the id Day of February 1780 to the ill Day of February 1781.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Sepolv Bill;

Order, a Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Charge of Victuallers for flip- Account of plying the Troops Abroad with Provisions, from the Vi&utiai Time the Navy Board first undertook the said Service to the nth of May 1781; and particularly distinguishing the Amount of the said Charge from the 1 ft Day of February 1780 to the ill Day of Februan/ 1781.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir James Tylney Long reported from the Committee, Earl *f to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, katiw*'* An Act for vesting several Lands and Hereditaments 16 therein mentioned, of which Jacob Earl of Radnor is Tenant for Life, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise therefrom, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, instead thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfa£lioo of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That.Sir James Tylney Long do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendmejit.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for carrying into Execution a Contract !

2i Geo. Ill

5° Mail.

" tract made, pursuant to the Act of Parliament of the " Twelfth of his late Majesty Kin? George the Firfi,

" between the Commissioners of His Majesty''sTreasury " and the Duke and Duchess of A'ltoll, the Proprietors "of The Isle of Man, and their Trustees, for the " Purchase of the said Island and its Dependencies,

" under certain Exceptions therein particularly named," and to ascertain and establish the Jurisdiction of the Manorial Courts of the Most Noble "John Duke of Atholl, in the said Island, and to enable the said Duke, and his Heirs, to exercise and enjoy certain Powers and Remedies therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 10.1. 18. To leave out "the said" and insert "an" inliead thereof.

1. 19. To leave out "of the said" and insert " made in the" inliead thereof.

I. 21. To leave out, "hereinbefore recited," and to leave out "also."

Pr. 18. 1.17. To leave out " said Wand" and insert " Parish or Parishes wherein such " Lands shall lie" inliead thereof. Pr. 32. 1. 17. After " Moars" to insert "and Sergeants."

1. 24. After " Moars" to inlert " Serjeants." And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and <the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Arid a Motion being made, and the Queliion being proposed. That the Bill do pass;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon; Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Dunchurch, A Bill for more effectually repairing the Road from &c. 7Tie Dim Cmo, in the Town of Dunchurch, to the Town

01 of Hillmorton, in the County of Wand from thence to Saint James's End, in the Parish of,

in the County of Northamptonand for repealing the several Laws now in Force relating to the said Road, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Powys, Mr. JEtzves,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ne^,r'B8 Mr. Alderman Nezvnha reported from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had further examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them* to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for completing the " Bridge crol's the River Thames, from Bloc!friars in the City of London, to the opposite Side in the " Count y of Surrey, and the Avenues thereto on the " London Side; for redeeming the Tolls on the said

" Bridge, and on London Bridge-, for re-building the " Gaol o(Newgate, in the said City; for repairing 'The " Royal Exchange within the same; lor embanking Part

" of the North Side of the said lliver within certain " Limits; and for further continuing towards those " Purposes, the Imposition of Six Pence Chaldron " or i on of Coals and Culm imported into the Port " of the said City, established by an Act of the Fifth * and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and VOL. 38.

" Queen Mary, and also for carrying oh the new " Pavements in the City and Liberties of IVejiniinfer;

" and Parishes adjacent, and in the d own and Borough " of Southwark; and for other Purposes therein mentionedAnd also,

An Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for empowering the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons; of " the City of London, in Common Council assembled,

" to raise upon the Credit of the Surpluflfes to arise " out of a certain Fund commonly called The Orphan's " Fund, the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, toward? " discharging the Debt incurred in re-building the Gaol " of Newgate, and a Sessions House adjoining, and fqjr " completing the said Gaol, and building an Infirmary "thereto, and other Purposes therein mentioned;" were read; by which it appeared. That the Sums of Fifty thousand Pounds and Forty thousand Pounds were to be borrowed according to the Directions of the said Acts for the Purposes of pulling down the Gaol of Newgate, and building a new one instead thereof; and towards purchasing such Houses and Lands as were judged necessary for the Purpose of rendering such new Gaol more airy, extensive, and commodious, and for making, widening, enlarging or improving, the Streets, Ways, and Passages adjoining or leading to the said new Gaol or Sessions House.

Mr. William Montagu, principal Clerk in the Chamberlain's Office, being then examined, said, That the whole of the said Money was borrowed by virtue of the said Acts, and has been duly and regularly applied in the several Works and Purposes thereby directed to be done.

George Dance, Fiquire, the Surveyor for the City of London, being examined, said, That in the Month of May 1780, the Gaol of Newgate was so nearly completed, that nothing was wanting in it jmt a fevy Locks, and some Furniture — That in June following it was rendered totally unfit for the Purpose of a Prison, by a riotous and unlawful Assembly of People — That the Floors and Roofs were all burnt and deftrpyed; and the Walls very much damaged. — That he had examined the State of the Building lately, and luid taken an Account of what, may be the probable Expence of repairing and re-instating the Gaol; and that in his Opinion, to do the same completely, and provide for all Expences, it will require the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds — That in this he includes the Keeper's House, which is a Part of the said Gaol, and was damaged very greatly at the same Time with the rest of the Building.

Mr. Richard Akerman being then examined, said* lie bad been the Keeper of the Gaol of Newgate 2.8 Years: — That before it was rebuilt, and from thence to the Time wheu it was so much damaged, about a Thousand Prisoners were committed to it annually on an Average — That the greater Part of them were from the County of Middlesex, probably Two Thirds at the lead; and that Prisoners were font there by both Houses of Parliament, and from all Parts of the Kingdom.

Mr. Dance being again examined, said, That the Gaol of Newgale is not, in its present State, fit for the Purposes for which it was intended; and that it will be very dangerous and prejudicial to the City of London, and the Public, if it is not immediately repaired, and made secure for the Confinement of Prisoners.

Mr. Akerman being again examined, confirmed the last Evidence given by Mr. Dance, and added. That many Prisoners lately eleaped from other Gaols where they were kept, because Newgate was not in a State to receive them.

Mr. Dance being further examined, said, That force the said Gaol was dernolished, the City of Lyndon have proceeded to refit the Apartments for the Reception

61 of

ifoo 25* Mail. 781.

of Prisoners, in which they have expended between Four and Five thousand Pounds, although they have not, as he believes, any Fund applicable to that Purpose — That ihe Repairs of the said Gaol may be completed within Tw o Years, from the presentTime — That the largest and middle Quadrangle may be finished in the Course of the Summer; at lead, so as to be fit for the Reception of Prisoners in October — That the Repairs which might be completed within a Year, would cod: the Sum of £. 15,000, including the present Debt — That the Two Compters, which are Pinions belonging to the City of are exceedingly

bad, and in great want of Repair, inso much that they' are hardly fit for the safe Cudody of Prisoners — That these Compters are repaired at the Expence of the City, and mull in a short Time be rebuilt, the Expence of which will be very considerable.

Mr. Aker'man beingagain examined, said, That when the largest Quadrangle is completed, it will receive the whole Number of Felon Prisoners, as it used to do, without any Inconvenience.

Your Committee then further examined Mr. tagu, who said. That the above-mentioned Sums of

£. 50,000 and £. 40,000, granted for building Newgate and a SofOons House, were charged upon the Surplus of the Orphans Fund — That the said Fund, at Midsummer 1777, after charging other very large Sums expended in public Works, amounted to £.930,260. 14.V. 0 \d.;but since then, near £.6,000 has been di (charged by the Application of the said Surplus — That the Annual Produce of the said Fund, upon a Medium of Seven Years prior to Midsummer . 1777, vvas £.43,684. lgJ. 2i and the certain Charges £. 40,694. 19^. 3|rf, which left a Surplus of £. 2,990 — That it was computed the said Debt would be discharged by Michaelmas 1831; but as the Surpluses of the last Three Years have been full £. 1,000 per Annum less, the said Debt cannot be discharged by the above-mentioned Time — That the Surplus of the said Fund, for the last Three Years, hath gradually decreased; for in the Year 1778 it was £.3,264. 4s. 8 d.-,in 1779, £. 1,880. 65-. 2 and in

1780, £.800. i8v.; and if the War continues, it is highly probable the said Surpluses may Hill decrease — That for the above Reasons, the Orphans Fund will not admit of any further Debt being charged upon it at present -That the City of , within these

last sixteen Years, have applied out of their own private Estates, for public Works and Services, £. 105,040. i3f. 8d.; which, upon an Average, is £.6,565. ov. lod. per Annum to which, there

hath been Annually expended for maintaining the Goal of Neogate, £. 906. 18s. besides an Annual Payment Out of the City's Cash to the Orphans Fund of £. 11,500, making an Annual Expenditure for the above Time, of £. 18,971. 18s. 10

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Growth of A Petition of the Linen Manufacturers in and about

Hemp and Darlington, in the County of Durham, was presented f,ax‘ to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a considerable Manufactory is carried On in the said Town for making of Huckaback Table Linen, a great Part of which being made from Flax grown in Holland, no other answering the Trade of the said Place so well, yet the Petitioners find the Flax grown of late in Yorkshire and Lincolnshire comes ncarell in Quality thereto and, if proper Encouragement was to be given for growing the fame, the Petitioners believe they would improve so much therein, as to raisea Supply suitable to the Petitioners Purpose, and adequate

l7

to the Consumption, otherwise the most advantageous'

Part of that Business will of course be loft; And therefore praying the House to take this Matter into their lerious Consideration, and appropriate the Fund, formerly appointed by Parliament for encouraging the '

Growth of Flax in England to the Purpol'e for which it was intended, in such Way as the House shall deem most effectual for answering the End proposed.

A Petition of t he Mayor and Commonalty of the Growth of City of York, in Common Council assembled, was also on fen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Mis present Majesty, a Sum not exceeding £. 15,000 per Annum, was directed to be kept apart as a Fund for encouraging the railing and dressing Hemp and Flax in this Kingdom; and that by another Act, passed in the Tenth Year of lits present Majesty's Reign,£. 8,000 per Annum, or Fight Fifteenth Parts of the said Fund, was appropriated and directed to be applied for encouraging the raising and dressing Hemp and Flax in England, and the remaining £. 7,000 per Annum, or Seven Fifteenth Parts of the said Fund, was appropriated for the like Purposes in Scotland; and the said last mentioned Sum being by the same Act directed to be paid Annually, and piit under the Direction of the Commissioners and Trustees for encouraging and promoting Fifilings Manufactures, and Improvements in Scotland, the Persons entitled to the said Sum of£. 7,000 per Annum so appropriated, have had the full Benefit thereof; but the Sum of£. 8,000 per Annum, or Fight Fifteenth Parts of the said Fund,

so appropriated for England, has been suffered to accumulate since the passing of the said first-mentioned Act, and the Petitioners are informed the accumulated Sum, to a very considerable Amount, is now in the Exchequer, unapplied to the Purposes for which it was intended; and that the County of York produces very large Quantities of Hemp and Flax, and the City of York is a considerable Market for vending the fame, and there are several very considerable Manufactures from those Materials carried on in the same County and City; and that the late Rupture with the States of the United Provinces, and the Placart ifl'ued by them to prevent the Flax and Flax Seed of that Country being imported into tilts Kingdom, has wholly flopped the very large Supply of those Articles which the Manufacturers of this Kingdom received from those States, infomuc h that such Manufacturers must be greatly diltreffed, the Quantity of Hemp and Flax grown in this Kingdom at present being very inadequate to the Demand; and representing to the House, that a very valuable Opportunity now presents itself, by a proper distribution of the said accumulated Fund, not only to enable the Subjects of this Kingdom to throw off their Dependence on Foreign Countries for a Supply of the Commodities above-mentioned, but to gain a Trade which has for several Years been pursued with the greatest Attention and Advantage by the Subjects of the States in Holland; and that the right Application of the Fund created by the said first-mentioned Act would, by a speedy Increase of the Culture of Flax and Flax Seed, produce the happiest Consequences to this Kingdom, by an Encouragement of Husbandry and the Linen Manufactures, and by saving the great National Expenditure of Money Annually paid to Foreigners for Flax and Flax Seed: An-1 therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to take such Measures as shall seem most expedient for preventing the said accumulated Fund from being applied to other Purposes than those so; which it was originally intended, and for applying the farm , a;id also the Fund annually accruing as aforesaid, to the effectual Advancement and Improvement of the same Trade.

And

a i Geo. III. 25' Mail401

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Sanbu-y Mr. Ehcesreported from the Committee, to whom odoiure. the Hill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waile Grounds, within the Parish of Hanbury, in the County of Worceftewas committed; That the , Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con lent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and had also given their Content to the leaving out one of the Commissioners named in the said Bill, and inserting another in his Stead; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second ime. One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bdl, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ltaen Ma- Sir Archibald Edmonston, according to Order, re-nntatf ure. ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for extending the Provisions of Three Acts, made in the 'Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Tenth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting a Bounty on certain Species of Britishand Iri/k Linens exported, to British and Irish Linens printed and stained in Great Britain exported; and for taking off the Duties payable on the Importation of Wood and Weed Allies, Pot and Pearl Allies, Barilla, and that Species of Blue called , was

committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Naval Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to consider Volunteers, whether by any, and by what Means, more effectual Encouragement can be given to Volunteers to enter on board His Majesty's Ships of War; and that they do report their Opinion thereupon to the House:

And a Committee u'as appointed of Sir Herbert Maekzvoi-th, Mr. Turner, c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Merchants, Owners, Mailers of Ships, and others concerned in the Commercial Interest of these Kingdoms, in the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk; and also, the Petition of George Ritchie, present Mailer of the Incorporation of Shipmasters in Leith, in Name and Behalf of that. Incorporation; and also, the Petition of the Merchant Company of; and also, the Petition of the Owners and Mailers of Ships, and others concerned in the Commercial Intereils of this Kingdom, in the Port of London, which were presented to the Vol. 38.

House upon the 26th Day of-Aprillait, and Yesterday, he referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Adam presented to the House, according to Salt tiled in Order, a Bill lo extend the Provisions of so much of ""king . an Act, made in the Eighth Year of Ills present Ma- MmeraiAcKl* jesty's Reign, as relates to the reducing the Duties on Foul Salt to be tiled for Manure in England, to Foul Salt used for Manure, and also to Salt ul'cd in making Marine Acid and Mineral Alkali, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland:And the same was received; and read the Firil Time.

Refobed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon WednesdayMorning next.

Mr. Penton, according to Order, reported from the Quartering Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Winchester continuing an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the during Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act Elections.

" for exempting I he City of IVi nchrjthe County of

" Southampton, the Town of Shrewsbury, and the " County of Salop, out of the Provisions of an Act,

" made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George t he Second, intituled, "An Act " for regulating the Quartering of Soldiers, during the " Time of the Elections of Members lo serve in Parliament;" so far as the same relates to the Removal " of Troops during the Elections of Members to serve " in Parliament for a limited Time," was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kettering for enabling the Trustees for executing Two Acts, Road-made in the Twenty-seventh Year o-f the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road VomKettering in the County Northampton, to Newport. Pagnell in the County of Bucks, to take down the Turnpike erected in Sherrington Field, in the laid County of Bucks, and to remove the same to the North End of Sherrington Bridge, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Lecdjt0 Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Bnrfcough Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty- Roads, eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Roads from the Town of Leeds,

" in the West Riding of the County of York, through " Otley, Skipton, Colne, Burnley, and Blackburn, to " Burjcough Bridge in Walton, in the County of " caster, and from Skipton, through and

" theroe, to Preston, in the said County of Lancaster," as relates to the Roads from Colne to Blackburn, and from Blackburn to Burscough Bridge-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Devize*

A61 for amending, regulating, cleansing, lighting, Streets, watching, and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Lanes, and Railages, within the Borough of The Devizes, in the County 0 f Wilts-, and for preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein; without any Amendment: And also.

The

Ik*

49*

250 Mali. A. 17 81.

BfvprW The Lords have agreed to the Kill, intituled, An Small Debt*, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small D-bts within the Town and Liberties of , in

the County of York, and the several Parities of the fambTmvu; without any Amendment: And also, Eferick The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An new Church, ^,-f for building a new Church and Rectory House wifliih the Patilli of in th-' County of;

anti for confirming an Agreement with the Rector of the said Parish, for exchanging and exonerating from Tyth' S certain Lands and Tenements in aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, abetting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, and other uninclosed Lands, Meadows, and Commonable Places, of and belonging to Cropston, in the Parish of 'thurcasion, and County of Leicester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed tb the Bill, intituled, An Act Bridge Road, for contihuing the Lerm of an Act, hiade in the Thirty-fecdtld Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending " and Widening the Roads leading from Stretford's " Bridge, in the County of Hereford, to The New '* Inn, in the Parish of in the County of

" Salop; 4nd also the Road from Blue Mantle Hall, " near Mortimer's Cross, to Aymejlrey, in the said '* County of ilenfordand for appealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the " Road from Mortimer's Cross to Aymejlrey Bridge " Without any Amendment: And also,

&c* Lhe Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act 04 s‘ for more effectually amending, wid'ening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the La ft End of the Town of Chard to the South End of Moor, and from the West End of the Yeovil Turnpike Road, through llmifler, to 'Kenny ‘Gate, and from the West End of PeaJ'e Marsh Lane to Horton , and from Saint

Rane Hill to llmifler, and from White Cross to Chil-

lington Dozen, and from a Place called Three Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to Bridge , in the County of Somerset; without any Amendment: And also, BeflVIfleigh, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Po wers of Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Bejjelfleigh, through Wantage, to Hungerford, in the County of Berks, and from Wantage to,

in the County of Wilts, and from the Turnpike Road between Reading and Wallingford, thrbugh Halfpenny Lane, to The Old lied upon Wantage Downs;

and from thence to Lainbourn, in the said County of Berks; and for amending the Road through Pigeon Laiie, instead of the said Road through alfpenny Lane; without any Amendment: And also,

Wrft.ninster Hie Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Coal Ad- for further continuing and amending the several Acts leafurement. pa(so<[ for preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancafieradjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Marx) le Bon, and such Tart of the Parish of Andrew Hol-born as lies in the County of without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, called Dale Moor, or Stanton Moor, within the Manors of Dale and Stanton, or One of them, in the County of Derby; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, int ituled. An Act for inclosing certain Lands within the Parish ai Ensham, in the County of Oxford, and for setting out and regulating Part thereof as a Common Pasture, and

i£>

Dale and

Stanton

Inclosure.

Enfham

Inclosure.

Cropfton

liiclolure.

Stretford's

for extinguishing all Right of Common upon certain inclosed Lands within the said Parish; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefi'engers withdrew.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of what Money has been issued by the Treasurer of His Majesty''s Navy, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Twentieth Year of His MajestyReign, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Encouragement " and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries " for finding the Longitude at Sea, er making other " useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, " and for making Experiments relating thereto."

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the present State of the East India Company, the proper Method of governing and managing the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues now in their Possession, and of securing to the Public a just Proportion of the Profits arising therefrom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That, they had come to several Resolutior.s; which they had dtrested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House torefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Dsfcovery

cf:!«

Loi^tu-x

State of the East India Compan.

Wayi

and^leao*

Supply

Supply Bill} Exchequer

Bilik.

2 r Geo. III.

28° Mail.

493

fcdjoummemt.

Wsiibiiry

Inclosurr.

Bo water's ILiiatcs.

Luna, 28° Matt;

Anno 21* Georgii III*" Regis, 1781.

Praters.

pESOLVED, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of If anbury, in the County of was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of bury, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Elwes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

, Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable John Bowater, Esquire, to grant Leases, in Possession or Reversion, of a Dock Yard and Land at Woolwich, in the County of Kent (being Part

of the settled Estate of the said John Bowater) to, the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, in Behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lid upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed

tvrpplf Bill» Exchequer Bill*.

hat Mr. M 'ford, from Account* of the Commissioners of the Custon s in Scotian attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre-. -fented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Cotlee imported, . from Christmas 1773 to Christmas 1780, distinguishing.

each Year, and from what Places imported; with the Amount of the Duties of Customs paid on the fame, distinguishing the Customs on Foreign Coffee from what has been paid on British Plantation Coffee: And also,

An Account of Coffee exported, from Christmas 1773 to Christmas 1780, distinguishing each Year, with the Amount of the Drawback of Customs on the fame, distinguishing the Drawback of Customs on Foreign Coffee from what has been drawn back on British Plan- tation Coffee.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other,

Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the the House, pursuant to their Order,

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for An Account of the Number of Tons of Foreign Account of raffing a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exche- Barilla, Pot Allies, Pearl Allies, and Brimllone, im- Bar, Ua» &c* quer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand ported into that Part of Great Britain, called England,

Seven hundred and Eighty-one, was committed; the from Christmas 177910 Christmas 1780; distinguishing

the Quantity of each Sort, with the Duty paid Ton for the fame.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the.

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved atpongli the other Papers of this Session.

Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bdl; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for raising a further Sum of

Account* of Coffee and Li acts.

Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, was read a Second Time.

Rcfoived, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The IToufe being informed that Mr. Milford, from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door; he w;as called in; and, at the Bar, preferred to the House, pursuant to Iheir Orders, , An Account of Coffee imported and exported from Christmas 1773 to Christmas last, distinguishing each Year, and from what Places imported; with the Amount of the Duties of Excise paid on the fame, together with the Dufies drawn back on Exportation, distinguishing each Year, and the Excise on Foreign^ Cof-

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the ciandeftlne Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Marriage*. Money, by George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better

preventing of clandestine Marriages," might be read. -, And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to remedy certain Inconveniences which have arisen by Means of the said Act: And that the Lord Beauchamp and Mr. Dempster do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the Me of Man. adjourned Debate upon the Motion made upon Friday last, That the Bill to explain and amend an Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for carrying into Execution a Contraft " made, pursuant to the Act of Parliament of the " Twelfth of his late Majesty King George the First,

" between the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury " and the Duke and Duchess of the Proprietors of The Isle of Man, and their Trustees, for the Purchase of the said I Hand and its Dependencies, under certain Exceptions therein particularly named," and to ascertain and establish the Jurisdiction of the Mane-

fee, from w hat has been paid or drawn back on British rial Courts of the Most Noble John Duke of Atholl, in Plantation Coffee: And also, the said Island, and to enable the said Duke and his

An Account of the Total Quantities of British, Irish, Heirs to exercise and enjoy certain Powers and Reme-

and Foreign Linens, printed in that Part of Great tain called Scotland, and exported, from Christmas 1776

to Christmas 1780; distinguishing each Year, and the Briiijhuud IriJ/i from the Foreign Linens.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were, read, cv . v % - 3*- *

dies therein mentioned, do pass, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the said Motion.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Fifth

6 K Year

4&4*-- Maii. i7&f-:

Year of the Reign of His pVefent Majesty,. intituled,

An Act for carrying into Execution'a; Contraft made pursuant to the Act of Parliament of the Twelfth of his late Majesty King George the First, between the " Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and the Duke and ERiohefe of At hull, the Proprietors of The Isle of Matt, and' their Trustees, for the Purchase of the said I (fend and its Dependencies, under certain " Exceptionstliereiiv particularly named and to ascertain and establiflv the Jurisdiction of the Maneriat Courts of the Most Noble John Duke of Atholl, in the said Island; and to enable the said Duke and his Heirs to exercise and enjoy certain Rights, Powers, and Remedies therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Colonel Murray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Du tie* oa A Petition of the Planters and Merchants interested ti'ue Sagan. h> and trading to the Sugar Colonies, whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of them-feives and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are greatly alarmed by observing in the Votes, that the Sugar Refiners of London have applied to Parliament for a Bill to- reduce the Duties on Foreign Prize Sugars for the Consumption Of Great Britain, an Equality with the Duties ort British Plantation Sugar; and alleging, that the

West India Islands have been settled and cultivated upon the Faith of the whole System of the Commercial Law! o f Great Britain, whereby the exclusive Privilege of supplying the British Consumption has hitherto been fe* cured to them without Interruption, and, if that Faith were forfeited by the fntroduftion of Foreign Sugar, so aS to deprive the Planters of that Increase of PriGe which forms their natural Relief under the Pressure of those enormous Duties, Expences, and Lodes, which have of late Years fallen upon them, the most fatal Consequences roust ensue to the Sugar Colonies, and to the Navigation, Commerce, Revenue, and Manufactures of Great Britain dependent thereon j and that, linless the Petitioners could have relied on such ex-dlufive Right, they would not have rilked such immense Sums as are invented for the Increafo of the Colonies; and if the En joyment thereof Humid be rendered precarious, by encouraging even an Idea that so great a System of Commercial Lawnnay be broke in upon for flight and temporary Causes, even if such could be proved to exist, the Consequences must be highly inju-

rious to the Credit of the Sugar Colonies, tend directly to prevent their further Extension, and thereby weaken the Source from which alone the very Manufactory in question can be permanently fed, and which can never flourish but in Proportion to the Encouragement given to the Cultivation of our own Colonies t and that, whilst the Principle of the Application is thus exceptionable, the Petitioners conceive it cannot be necessary to enter into a minute Consideration of the Allegations in Sop-'port of it, but trust, that the House will deem the Pro-Jiofition Wholly inadmiftible: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by their Counsel, and, if necessary, be allowed to examine Witnesses, to shew the pernicious Consequences that must arise from granting the Prayer of the said Petition, pjtto. A Petit ion of Stephen Fuller, Esquire, Agent for Jamaica, was also presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application mentioned in the preceding Petition; and representing to the House, That, at a Time when this Nation is involved in an unhappy Contest with its own Subjects, and at War With Three great Maritime Powers, when Freight, Tnfurnnce, I/imber, Provisions, Plantation Utensils, "and Goods of every Kind, bear a very advanced Price, when the Taxes of the Island are not adequate to the growing Expences, when it has pleased God to visit the Sugar Colonies with violent and destructive Hurricanes, when a heavy additional Duty has been laid upon the Importation of British Plantation Sugar, when so many united Circumstances contribute to in-

crease the Price of SugXf, and.without which Increase* the poor and middling Planters in the Island cannot go on; at this very Time, to trample under Foot the whole' System.. ,of our Commercial Laws, erected by the Wisdom of our Ancestors, and to set up i« the room of it, an arbitrary Innovation, avowedly calculated to lower the natural Price of that Commodity, when so many Causes conspire to raise it higher than it has Been in former Wars, is unreasonable-and unjust; and, as every Thing that tends to difeou-rage our own Sugar Colonies, at the same Time naturally tends to encourage those of our Enemies, it is evidently impolitic; and the Petitioner conceives; that the only true and permanent Method of lowering the Price of Sugars, is to give Encouragement to the Agriculture of the Colonies, the Strength and Sinews of our Maritime Power, and to increase by every pofli-ble Means, the Production of that Commodity; and that every other Method, particularly that in question, will turn out in the End ruinous to the desponding Planter, and productive of Kffecis totally different from those held out upon this Occasion, for the Contemplation of the Legislature: And therefore praying.

That the House will not give Leave to bring in the< said intended Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Sugar Refiners of London was referred, is taken into further Consideration,

The Lord Beauchamp presented to the House, ac* Chnrtffine cording to Order, a Bill to remedy certain Inconveniences which have arisen by Means of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " the better preventing of clandestine MarriagesAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Sup^y Kflj Order, a Bill for repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting cer- *, tain Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts, in lieu thereof; for the better and more esse ctual securing the Revenue* of Excise, and of the Inland Duties tinder the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready Payment of the Allowances to be made to Brewers, out of the additional Duties imposed on Malt; and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, with respect to the exempting of Candles from the additional Duty of Five Pounds per Centum upon the Duties of Excise, imposed by the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this-House, an Someta Account of the Expenditure of the Money granted in Hook. the last Session of Parliament for Svmerfet House, attested by those who have been entrusted with the Controul of that Expenditure.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account'd Account of the Duties of Excise paid on Coffee, from Dmiem the qth of July 1764 to the 5th of July 1773; distin- Coste- |

guishing each Year, and the Foreign Coffee from the British Plantation Coffee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this rfbufe, an Account Account of Coffee exported, from Christmas 1764 to Coffee Christmas 1773, and the Duties drawn back thereon; sported. distinguishing each Year, and the Foreign Coffee from the British Plantation Coffee.

A Motion

i^-

41 Geo. 'll!.

48° M

495

i«>ricaa A Motion was made, and the Question being pat, tferers. q^at t|)ere be lai<l before this House, a List of the Names of the American Sufferers for whom a Sum of Money has been voted in this Session of Parliament, and now residing in Englan, with an Account of the Sums respectively paid to each Person;

It passed in the Negative.

.ine« An ingrossed Bill for extending the Provisions of ufacture. Three Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Tenth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, to and

Irish Linens printed and stained in Great Britain exported; and for taking off the Duties payable on the Importation of Wood and Weed Allies, Pot and Pearl Allies, Barilla, and that Species of Blue called was rend the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3.1. 2. After "Bounty" to insert "for every " Yard of British and Irish Buckrams " and Tilletings, and."

Arid the said Amendment was* upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for extending the Provisions of Three Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, and in the Tenth and Nineteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for grauting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, to British arid Irish Linens, British Callicoes, and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain, and to Buckrams and Tilletings, exported, during the Time therein limited; and for taking off the Duties payable upon the Importation of that Species of Blue called Smalts.

Ordered, That Sir Archibald Edmon/lane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deffre their Concurrence.

Duties on The House, according to Order, proceeded to take rize Sugars. fnt0 fHrther Consideration, the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Sugaf Refiners of London was referred.

And the said Report was again read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Report be referred to the Com sideration of a Committee of the whole House;

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Sugar Refiners of the City of and also the Petition of the Grocers of London, which were severally presented to the House upon the 9th and 11th Days of this Instant May, might be again read.

Ab(1 the same were read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas 5 Mr. AUiennan^Siree&ric^r,! -

I ellers for the X eas, J Mr. Alderman Ao*»W- {

Tellers for the Noes, j °Dkke*son:

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Months.

Chm.mrfiioiKTS A Bill for continuing an Act, made in the last Session of Public of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for appointing and Accou.it*. t< gjjabPug Commissioners to examine, take, and state, " the Public Accounts oi the Kingdom; and to " report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the Public Service; " and what Defects there are in the present Mode of " receiving, collecting, illuuig, and accounting for Vol. 38.

" Public Money; and in whafc more expeditious and " effectual, and less expensive-Matmer, the said Services " can in future be regulated and carried on for the " Benefit of the Public," was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to aCommittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill to direct the Payment into the Puniest of Exchequer of the respective Balances remaining in the Hands of the several Persons therein named, for the Use and Benefit of the Public; and for Indemnifying the said respective Persons and their Representatives, in respect of such Payments, and against all future Claims relating thereto; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Com- State of the mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to ^"d* take into further Consideration the present State of the tfmP*ny*

East India Company, the proper Method of governing andmanaging the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues now in their Possession, and of feenring to the Public a just Proportion of the Profits arising therefrom, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,.

That the East India Company be permitted, during a Time to be limited, to remain in the Possession of thef Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately acquired in India; and that a distinct Account of the Ket Profits of the Company be made up, from the jft Day of March 1781 to the ift Day of March 1782; and that

the Net Surplus Profit thereof be divided in; the Man- ....

ner following; that is to say. That the Company ftiaTJ receive upon their Capital of^. 3,200,000, a Dividend ofj£.8 per Centum, if the Profits be equal thereto;

That the Public shall also receive a Proportion of the said Profits, equal to £. 8 per Centum per Annum, if the Profits shall amount to £. 16 per Centum per Annum;

That, in case such Profits shall be less than £. per Centum per Annum, the Public shall receive alt such Profits over and above the Dividend of 8 per Centujfi per Annum; That, in case such Profits shall exceed £. 16 per Centum per Annum, the Surplus shall be equally divided between the Public and the Company: That the M oiety of such Surplus above £. 16 per Centum per Annum, so appropriated to the Company, shall be applied to the Payment of an increased Dividend, as follows, that is to say, That the Proprietors shall be permitted, in Addition to the DK vidend of £. 8 per Centum per Annum, to take out of the Moiety of such Surplus, over and above the 16pet Centum per Annum, an increased Dividend, not exceeding £. 1 per Centum, if the Moiety of the said Surplus so appropriated to the Company be equal thereto; and that, after the Payment of such inereased Dividend, the Residue of such Surplus be applied to the Discharge of the Company's Bond Debt.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That in Cafes of Necessity, the East India Company, during a Term to be limited, be at Liberty, with the Approbation and Consent of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to borrow upon Bond or otherwise, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding £. 500,000, over and above the Amount of their present Bond Debt.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the fairs

Resolutions;

Supply.

Wayi mid Mean.

Aldborough

Writ.

Quartering Soldiers io Winchester during

495 4 8° — 30

Resolutions: And that Mr.' the Lord the Lord Westcote, the Lord Palmerjl, Sir Richard,

Mr. Builer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, the Lord Advocate of Mr. Secretary

at War, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. John Robuifon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Copy of the Memorial from the Board of Works, acquainting the Lords of the Treasury, that the King's Bench and Fleet Prisons are reinstated, and ready to be delivered up, and also praying an Impreii of £. 25,000, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon ntfday Morning next.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave, to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted *0 His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

fa 1 — i ~ ----- — ....

Mercuriij 30* die Mail;

Anno 21* Georgii III"I Regis, 1781. Prayers.

,f\ R D E R E D, That Mr. Speaker do issue his " Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aldbo-rough, in the County of York, in the room of the honourable Edward Onfow, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Baililf of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of

Buckingham.

An ingrofi'ed Bill for continuing an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for exempting the City of -chester, the County of S, the Town of Shretv/bury, and the County of Salop, out of the ." Provisions of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of " the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " An Aftfofregulating thequartering of Soldiers, during the Time of the Elections of " Members to serve in Parliament;" so far as the same *" relates to the Removal of Troops during the EJec-

Maiu A. 1781.'

" tions of Members'to serve in Parliament, for a limited Time," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for exempting the City of.

the County of Southampton, the Town of Shrewsbury,

and the County of Salop, out of the Provisions of an " Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his " late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An " Act for regulating the quartering of Soldiers, during " the Time of the Elections of Members to serve iu Parliament," so far as the same relates to the Removal of Troops during the Elections of Members to,

" serve in Parliament, for a limited Time."

Ordered, That Mr. Fenton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, Supply kj, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, , was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gilbert, reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrofi'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Baiting confirming and carrying into Execution certain Ai tides Propenyw of Agreement made between the Devisee and Heirs at, Mar)'laj'L Law of Frederick Lord Baltimore, deceased, respecting the Province of Maryland, in America, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; and for the establishing and veiling the said Province in Henry Harford, Eh quire, and his Heirs, upon the several Payments, Terms, and Conditions, and in Manner therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to, the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, Growth of of Beverley, in the County of York, in Common Council Hemp mJ assembled,.was presented to the House, and read; fUx-Setting forth, That, by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting additional Duties on certain Foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom, and for establishing a Fund for the' encouraging of the raising and dressing of Hemp and Flax, the Money arising by those Duties was to be paid apart into the Receipt of the Exchequer, and a Sum not Exceeding £. 15,000 per Ann, arising from the same, was to be kept as a Fund for the Encouragement of raising and dressing Hemp and Flax in this Kingdom, in such Manner as Parliament tliould direct; and that, by another Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, His Majesty was impowered to direct the Distribution of £. 8,000 per Annum, or of Eight-fifteenth Parts of the Money which had grown due and been kept apart, and should afterwards grow due and be kept apart, for the Encouragement of raising and dressing Hemp and Flax in this Kingdom, pursuant to the Directions of the firtt-mentioned Act, and £. 7,000 per Annum, or Seven-fifteenth Parts of the said Money, were to be applied for encouraging and promoting Filings, Manufactures, and Improvements in Scotland; and that the Peiitioners are informed, that the said Sum of

£.7,000,

2 i Geo. III. 30*

£.7000, to be applied for the Benefit of has

from Time to Time, been disposed of for the Purposes intended by the said Act, but the said Sum of 8,000, which was appropriated .'or the Advantage of this Kingdom, has been permitted to accumulate, without being applied according to the Directions of the first mentioned Act, and now remains in the Exchequer; and that the Interruption which has lately arisen to the Importation of Hemp and Flax, Commodities so essential to the Manufactures of this Kingdom, from,

renders the Encouragement of their Produce in this Country a neeefl'ary and most important commercial Concern, at the same Time that it appears to the Petitioners at this particular Crisis a consideraMe Object to promote ever}1- Measure that has a Tendency to support the declining State of Agriculture, and by increasing the Produce of Kemp and Flax to advance the landed Interests of this Kingdom; and that the Lands in the Neighbourhood of Beverley are well adapted to the Culture of Hemp and Flax, and great Quantities are annually drelied there, and the Town of Beverley has for many Years carried on a considerable Trade in the manufacturing of those Commodities; and that the Petitioners, and the Kingdom in general, might receive great Advantage from a due Application of the Fund which has been so wdfely estabiithed for the Encouragement of the railing and dreding Hemp and Flax, if the same were appropriated and applied to the useful Purposes for which it was originally intended; and therefore praying the House, to make fuel) Provisions for accomplishing those Ends, and to grant such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ilolford and Mr. Hett: '

Mr. Speaker,

Cotton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mannftftory. to explain and amend an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent the Exportation to Foreign Parts " of Utensils made Use of in the Cotton, Linen, " Woollen, and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom ;" without any Amendment: And also.

Importation The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act and for further regulating and ascertaining the Importation nn(1 Exportation of Corn and Grain, within several Ports ' and Places therein mentioned; with an Amendment;

to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Earl of The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Salisbury's for diverting the Inheritance in Fee Simple of divers Estate*. Manors, Messuages, Farms, Redories, Advowsons, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, Rents, and Hereditaments, of the Hight Honourable James Earl of out of

Charles Banks, and his Heirs; and for veftirtg the same in Trustees, and their Heirs, to, for, and upon, such of the l'everal Uses, Trulls, Powers, Provisoes, Ends, Intents, and Purposes, mentioned and declared in and by an Indenture of Release of the Nineteenth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-eight, as remain to be perlormed, or are capable of taking Effect; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

I Importation The House proceeded to take into Consideration the and Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled> Exportation An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the o om, &c. jtnporta.tion and Exportation of Corn and Grain, within several Ports and Places therein mentioned.

\ And the said Amendment was read; and is as fol-

loweth; viz.

Pr. 6. 1.2. After the Word "exported," insert, Vol. 38.

Matt. 497

" within the Counties of Kent and " Essex, and in the City of Lon-

" don."

The said Amendment, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Qutiiion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Claverins; do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment, made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Entham Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, I*cl(rfur* An Act for inclosing certain Lands within the Parish of Ensham, in the County of Oxford, and for setting out and regulating Part thereof as a Common Pasture; and for extinguishing all Right of Common upon certain Inclosed Lands within the said Parish.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; vix.

Pr. 19. I. 39. Leave out, "in or," and in the same Line, and Line 40, leave out, " said " Common Pasture against the." .

Pi. 20. 1. 2. } "aforesaid," insert, "against

an ( " the said Common Pasture."

3- )

1 he said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolbendo carry the Bill to,

~ I

the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Duration of That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for shortening Parliament*; the Duration of Parliaments;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

the Yea, j }*9'

Teller, for the Noes j £ tUetlifi, ]s9-

So it passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the United Company of Merchants of East Tnd« England trading to thfe East Indies, was presented to the Cp"^at"y'* House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, that this House hath resolved, "That the Three-fourth Parts of the Nett Profits of the East India Company at Home, above the Sum of Eight

" Pounds per Centum per Annum, which have accrued " from the Time that the Bond Debt of the said Company was reduced to £.1,500,000, ought to be paid " into the Exchequer, for the Use of the Public;" and that a Bill is ordered to be brought into the House, pursuant to the said Resolution; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the said Resolution, and the said intended Bill, if parted into a Law, will essentially affect their Rights and Property, as well by its im'mediate Operation, as in its future Consequences: And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Resolution and Bill; and that the Claim of Right, made on Behalf of the Public, may be judicially determined, before any Law is enacted so materially to affect the Petitioners without their Consent.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the Resolution which, upon the 24th Day of this Instant May, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to take into Consideration the present State of the East India Company, the proper Method of governing and managing the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues now in their Possession, and of securing to the Public a just Proportion of the Profits arising therefrom; and which was then agreed to by the House.

6 L Ordered,

Growth of Hemp a< d Flax.

Earl of Salifl>ury's Estates.

Motion respecting Peace with America.

Gold used by Toymen,&c.

Supply.

30* Maii. A. 1781.

Ordered, That the several Petitions which have been Table: Where the same were read; and are as presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, followeth; viz.

tefpefting the Fund established for the Growth of That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Hemp and Flax in Great Britain, be referred to the That a Sum, not exceeding 'Fen thousand Pounds, Consideration of a Committee; and that they do be granted to His Majesty, towards re-building His examine and report to the House their Opinion relating Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, in the City of London. to the Manner of distributing fncli Part of the said Rfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Fund as ought to l»e allowed to the Growers of Hemp That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five Thousand and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called England. Pounds, be granted to His Majesty upon Account, And a Committee was appointed of Sir Matthew towards defraying the Expences incurred in repairing White Ridley, Sir George Yonge, &c.: And they are to the Damages sustained at the Prison of The King's Bench,

meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in and the Prison of The Fleet, during the tumultuous the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Riots in the Mouth of Jane 1780.

Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to The faic! Resolutions being severally read a Second the Committee are to have Voices. Time, were, upon the Question severally put there-

upon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for diverting the Inheritance in Fee Simple of divers Manors, Messuages, Farms, Rcftories, Advowsons, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, Rents, and Hereditaments, of the Right Honourable James Earl of out

of Charles Banks and his Heirs, and for vesting the same in Trustees and their Heirs, to, for, and upon such of the several Uses, Trusts, Powers, Provisoes, Ends, Intents, and Purposes mentioned and declared in and by an Indenture of Release of the Nineteenth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-

eight, as remain to he performed, or are capable of taking Effect, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to invert the Crown with sufficient Powers to treat, consult, and finally to agree, upon the Means of restoring Peace with the Provinces of North;

The House divided.

The Yeas went for

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the

f Mr. Hartley, ")

Sir Philip Jennings (Sir Henry Hog lit on, )

(Mr. Jolije: j

72.

106.

Negative.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, all the Laws now in being relative to themanufacturing or vending of Gold within this Kingdom, and to the exporting of the fame; and for ascertaining and settling the Standards for the Manufacture of Gold Wares, was committed.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, upon the Question put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

t 11 c.u v i The Lord Mahon, Tellers for the Yeas,' Mr.

Tellers for 1 he Noes 5 Mn Smith,

I ellers for the Noes, j Mp Francis Eyre

So it passed in the Negative.

20.

55-

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's

The Order of the Day being read, for thC Second Sahuftd Reading of the Bill to extend the Provisions of so much 'n makHlf of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present *arme tk' Majesty's Reign, as relates to the reducing the Duties on Foul Salt to be used for Manure in England, to Foul Salt used for Manure, and also to Salt 11 led in making Marine Acid and Mineral Alkali, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland-,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Supply BT,1; Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Yem One thousand Seveu hundred and Eighty-one.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord report'd from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto"; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill to remedy certain Inconveniencies which have Clandestine arisen by Moans of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Marriigs. Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better preventing " of clandestine Marriages," was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to direct the Payment into the Exchequer of Payment of the respective Balances remaining in the Hands of the Accountant*' several Persons therein named, for the l..Tfe and Benefit Balaoces-of the Public, and for indemnifying the said respective Persons and their Representatives in ic-lpeft of such Payments, and against all future Claims relating thereto, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, the 8th Day' of June next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Stephens, from the Commissioners for executing Difcnv-rtr

the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, 0ta-r' presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Lonjittid.-.

Au Account of what Money has been issued by the

TrealV.rsr

? i Geo. III. 30°

Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, in pursuance of an Act, passed in thr> Twentieth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Enconragement and Reward of Persons making certain " Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or

Maii. 499

" making other useful Discoveries and Improvements " in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating " thereto."

And the Title of the said Account was read. The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Navy Office, 29th 1781.

An ACCOUNT of what Money has been issued by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for continuing the " Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Seaj or " making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating " thereto:" Prepared pursuant to an Order from the Honourable House of Commons, dated 25th May 1781.

To whom, and upon what Account.

To Mr. William Coomhes,|to enable him to make further

Improvements in the Construction of Timekeepers,

£. 10. 2. 6. being a Part of£. 200 ordered by the Board of Longitude the 2 2d January 1780, exceeding what was limited by the Act of the 17th Year of His £. s. d. Majesty's Reign . ... - . 10 6

To Mr. William Richardson, the Amount of his Bill for printing Nautical Almanacks, &c. by the same Order, and under the like Crreumstances of exceeding what was limited by the said Act - - - 423 13 6

To Mr. John Arnold (by way of Imprest) in Addition to what he has already had, to enable him to bring his Timekeepers to as great a . Perfe6tion as possible, one of them having been found, during Thirteen Months Trial at the Royal Observatory at Greenwich, to have kept Time with great Accuracy -

To Mr. Michael Taylor, in Addition to what he has already had, as a Reward for some Improv ements which he has made on his Sexagenary , Table, by extending it to 60 Minutes, by which Means it is become applicable to several other considerable Uses, and of greater Benefit to Navigation, £. 150; and also £.50 more, in Part of £. 100, which it has been resolved to give him as soon as he fha.il have completed several other Improvements which he has proposed and undertaken to make on his above-mentioned Table, in both To Mr. William Wales, as a Reward for his Care and Trouble in collecting, revising, and preparing for the Press, a complete Set of Tables requisite to be used with the Nautical Almanacks - .

To Mr. William Bayley, who is returned from making Nautical and Astronomical Observatious, during the late Voyage of His Majesty's Ship Resoluiion, and DiJ'covery Sloop, £.1,000, on Account of the Salary due to him for that Service (and in Addition to the £. 200 imprested to him previous to his Departure) and£.14. 14. being the Amount of his Bill of Disbursements for Carriage and Porterage of Instruments, before, during, and after the said Voyage, in both To Mr. William Richardson, Printer, the Amount of his Bill for printing

Nautical Almanacks, and other Works, by Order of the Commissioners of the Longitude, from July 1779 to July 1780, both inclusive -To MeflVs. Wright, Gill, and C°, Stationers, the Amount of their Bill for Paper supplied by them for printing Nautical Almanacks, from June 1779 to July 1780, both inclusive -To the Rev"1 John Edzoards, of Ltidlow, as a Reward for considerable Improvements made by him in the Composition of which the Metals used in Reflecting Telescopes are made, and to enable him to make further Experiments in order to bring the said Composition to as great a Degree of Perfection as may be in his Power To the Revd Dr. Majkelyne, Astronomer Royal (by way of Imprest) to enable him to pay the Computers and Comparers of the Nautical Almanacks, for the Years 1789 and 1790 -

To Mr. George Gilpin, his Assistant, being an Allowance for his Trouble in winding-up and comparing the Watches which have been under Trial at the Royal Observatory, by Order of the Commissioners of the Longitude, during the Space of Four Years, ending at Lady Day last, and for computing their going, and making various Copies thereof Vot. 38.

Dates of the Certificates from the Comm" of the Longitude to the Comm" of the Navy, for Payment of the Money.

Sums*

> 22A Jam 1780.

£. f. d.

433 16 —

200 — —

15th July.

200 — — -

15° — ""

1,014 14 —

180 — —

\ 6th Deer 1780.

549 IO —

200 — —

45° ——

35 16 —

To

supply.

Ways

and Mrans.

Account of Duties on Linens, &c.

5° °'

30° — 31° Mali.

To Mr; John Arnold (by tray oflmprell) to enable him to bring some Watches, which he is now making for Trial, to as great a Degree of Perfection as possible, the farther Sum of - -

To Mrs. Elizabeth Cook, Widow of the late Captain. of His Majesty's Ship Refulution, and Mr. James King (who went out h!s Second Lieutenant, but returned Commander of the Discovery Sloop) in Go:>fjderation of their having undertaken to make Astronomical and Nautical Observations on board the in the same Manner

as Mr. William Bayley, who was employed upon that particular Purpose at a Salary of £.400 per Annum, on board the Discovery, during the lad Voyage of the said Ship and Sloop, and in Compensation for the Trouble which those Officers had in executing the aforesaid Service, each the Sum of >£‘500: That given to the Widovtr of the late Captain Cook, to be applied for the Use of Herself and Children, in such Manner as die may judge most proper; and that given to Captain King, to be laid out in the Purchas'e of such Astronomical Instruments as he may think fit ..

To Mr. Michael Taylor, the Sum of Fifty Pounds, being the Remainder of the Sum of One hundred Pounds agreed to be given him for Improvements he undertook to make, and which he has now made, in his Sexagenary Table ——

To M r. Charles Mason, as a Compensation for some Lunar Tables completed by him in the last Year, and presented to the Commissioners of the Longitude, being more accurate than his former ones

qth April 1781.

J

A. 1781.

300 — —

1,060 — ~ —

50

50 — —

£.4,913 16 —

The whole amounting to the Sum of Four thousand Nine hundred and Thirteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings.

Cha‘ Middleton, J. Williams, Geo. Marsh,

Edward Hunt, R. Temple, E. He Cras, Samuel Wallis.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, that this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itfielf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing‘the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Morris, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Duties of Excise paid on Coffee, Accoimtof from 5th July 1764 to 5th July 1773; distinguishing Dutiwoa

each Year, and the Foreign Coffee from the British Co<set-Plantation Coffee.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

yovis, 3 i°;

Anno 210 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

T7 H E House being informed that Mr. *

from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Money received by Duties laid on printed and stained Cottons and Callicoes, and printed and stained Linens, from the ift of January 1780 to the 1 ft of January 1781; and also, an Account of the Drawbacks allowed on the Exportation of those Articles during the same Period.

And then he withdrew.

Aud the Title of the said Account was read.

*7

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Com? Supply Bit;

mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for railing Exchtqtc a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, w'as committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quoftion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by tTie House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Salt used in Reading of the Bill to extend the Provisions of so much making M*. of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Ma- rine Ac* jesty's Reign, as relates to the reducing the Duties on Foul Salt to be used for Manure in England, to Foul

Salt

Growth of of

Hemp and Flax.

Stealing Lead, See*

Stealing and receiving of Lead,

Sc c.

Jnfolrent

Debtors.

Residence

of thi*

Clergy.

Clandestine

Marriages.

n GeO. III. 31 0 Maii501

Salt used for Manure, and also to Salt nfed in making Marine Acid and Mineral Alkali, in that Part o Britain called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

Ordered, That tire Account of the Money remaining in the Exchequer, reserved there for encouraging the railing and drefting Hemp and Flax in England, as the proportional Part directed to be applied by an Act of the Tenth Year of I Its Majesty's Reign, of the additional Duties on certain Foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom, which were granted by an Act of the Seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, be referred to the Committee, who are appointed to consider the several Petit ions which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, respecting the Fund «stablished for the Growth of Hemp and Flax in Great Britain, and to examine, and report to the House their Opinion, relating to the Manner of distributing such Part of the said Fund as ought to be allowed to the Growers of Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called England.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more " effectual punching Stealers of Lead or Iron Bars fixed to Houses, or any Fences belonging the reunto," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that Sir Herbert Alacktvorth and Mr. Eltoes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for more " effectually discouraging and preventing the Healing, " and the buying and receiving of stolen Lead, Iron, " Copper, Brass, Bell Metal, and Solder, and for more " effectually bringing the Offenders to Justice," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Oi'derecl, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that Sir Herbert Mackworth and Mr. Elites do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors arrested on or before the 7th Day of June 1780: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, the Lord Beauchamp, and Sir Grey Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an In ft ruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more " speedy and effectual building, re-building, repairing, " or purchnfing, Houses, and other necessary Buildings " and Tenements, for the Lie of their Benefices," That they do make Provision in the said Bill, to extend the Regulations of the said Act to all Buildings and Repairs made by the present Incumbent, within a certain Time therein to be limited.

Ordered, That the ()rder of the Dav, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Home, upon the Bill to remedy certain inconveniencies which have arisen by means of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the ileign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better " preventing of clandeliine Marriages," be now read.

VOL. 3S.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Mittchin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Minchin reported from the Cortimittee.That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Accounts.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House commissionem to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Public upon the Bill for continuing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for appotnting and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and " Hate, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, and to " report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants,

" which may be applied to the Public Service; and " what Defects there are in the present Mode of receiving,

" collecting, issuing, and accounting for. Public Money;

" and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less " expensive Manner, the said Services can in future heregulated and carried on for the Benefit of the Public A Motion was made, and the Question beitig proposed, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for referring to the Confederation and Examination of the Commissioners, the several Accounts of extraordinary Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, which have been laid before this House since the 1 ft Day of January 1776.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding at the End thereof these Words:

And for directing the Commissioners to proceed immediately and in the first Place to the Examination " of such Parts of the said Accounts as relate to the " several Contracts and Agreements made for the Service of His Majesty's Forces Abroad."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there added;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding at the End thereof these Words: " And to enquire by what Means it has happened, that the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury " have not obtained any satisfactory Account of the " Sum of Eight Millions Sterling remitted to " over and above all the Charges which appear in the " Public Estimates of the Ordinaries and Extraordinaries, from the Year 1775 to this Time, even for One " single Year, or single Service."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there added;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for referring to the Consideration and Examination of the Commissioners, the several Accounts of Extraordinary Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, which have been laid before this House since the first Day of January 1776;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for removing the Commissioners named by the said Act, and for substituting other Commissioners in their Head, who are Members of the House of Commons;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, £ M: } 42

«t> „ # v f Sir William Gordon,

Idlers lor the i\oes,; v . „ ,.

' £ Mr. John llobnyon:

So it passed in the Negative.

6 M

98.

Then

a

Bowater'a

Ertate.

Delivery of

E!e£lion

Writ.

Adjournment.

Duty on Foreign Linens.

Clandestine

Marriages.

502 4i° juttii. M. liai.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, i° die;

Anno 21* Georgii III*" Regis, 1781. Prayers.

AB I L L to enable John , Esquire, to grant

Leases, in PolfetUon or Reversion, of a Dock Yard and Land at Woolwich, in the County of Kent (being Part of the settled Estate of the said John Bmoater) to the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, in Behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ord, Mr. Eltves, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir George Yotige presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the further " regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of " Sheriffs and other Officers, in the electing and returning such Members." with respect to the Conveyance and Delivery of Writs for electing Members to serve in Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First'Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Rates and Duties granted by an Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, on certain Foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom.

Mr. Mindtin, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to remedy certain Inconveniencies which have arisen by means of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages," was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amend-n; ni to one of them, agree.) to by the House.

A Clause was otl'ered to be added to the Bill, for delivering over the Registers of Chapels to the Parish Church adjoining.

And the said Clause was Twice read F and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time

upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed. -:A

w,* c* '

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual feeftring the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland DQtifcs under the Management of the Commissioners of'Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready Payment of the Allowances to be made to Brewers out of the additional Duties imposed on Malt; and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, with respect to the exempting of Candles from the additional Duty of Five Pounds per Centum upon the Duties of Excise, imposed by the said Act, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

night, the nth Day of thislnstant June, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for providing a Reward to William Smith, Doctor of Physic, for his diligent and humane Attendance Upon the sick and diseased Prisoners confined in several Prisons within and near this Metropolis, for Four Years.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert, took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and render more effectual the Laws in being relating to Houses of Correction: And that Mr. Gilbert, Sir Herbert Mackworth, and Mr. Coke, of Nottingham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Encouragement " and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries " for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other " useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, " and for making Experiments relating thereto."

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for appointing and enabling " Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the Public "Accounts of the Kingdom, and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may " be applied to the Public Service; and what Defects

" there

Supply in; Duties oa ChocoUte.

Dr. \V.

t>Q)iti)'S

AuexuluKC

on the aten of Lontiou Gaols.

Liiws relating to Houses or Corned iou.

Discotery of the Longitude.

Commissionfrt

of Public Accounts-

Residence of ;hc CUrgy.

East India Company'

f rofit5.

2i Geo. Ill, i° — 6* jfunii. 503

" there are intbO present Mode of receiving, cbllecting, ifiumgatid accounting for. Public Money; " and in what more expeditious and effectual, and left " expensive Manner, the said Services can in future be " regulated and carried on for the Benefit of the Publie ;" was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question i'everally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventeenth ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to promote the Residence of the " Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more " speedy and effectual building, re-building, repairing, " or purchasing, Houses, and other necessary Buildings and Tenements, for the Use of their Benefices:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded , That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord North presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for securing to the Public the Payment of Three-fourth Parts of the Net Profits of the East India Company at Home, above the Sum of £. 8 per Centum per Annum upon the Capital Stock of the said Company, which have accrued from the First Day of

Alureh One thou fond Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, to ;he First Day of March One thousand Seven hundred anil Eighty-one: And the same was received.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be npW read the First Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Quiftion, by leaving out the Word now," in order to add at tpe End of the Question the Words, " on this " Day Three Months."

And the Question being put. That the Word " now" Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for ,he Yeas. 53-

Tellers for the Noes, J } <2'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now redd the First 'lime.

The said Bill was accordingly read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words ry Morn-

" ing next,'' and inserting the Words " Seven-

" night" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words'* Friday Morning next" Hand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, which was presented io the House upon Wednesdaylaft, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and

Vol. 3b.

that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if think fit.

A Motion was made, and the Question being, put; That an bumble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions that there be laid before this House, Copies or Extracts of all such Correspondence between His Majesty's Ministers, or any Persons employed by them, and the Court of Spain, as relates to the Exchange of Prisoners taken during the War;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,: } 29-

Tel, era for the Noes. 5*

So it palfed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Queliion being put; That great Numbers of British Seamen are now, and have been for several Months pall, in the Prisons of Spain,a.r\d no Satisfaction hath been given to this House that any effectual Steps have been taken for their Re-leafeor Exchange, although a Supply of Seamen is so strongly demanded for the Exigencies of the Naval Service;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, gjr} 3*-

Tellers for the Noes, } S2-

So it palfed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill for securing to the Public the Payment of Three-fourth Parts of the Net Profits of the East India Company at Home, above the Sum of £.8 per Centum per Annum upon the Capital Stock of the said Company, which have accrued from the /First Day of March One thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-eight, to the First Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, be printed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty. ' .

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Mercutii, 6° die Junii $

Anno 2i° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1781. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one.

Ordered>

British Prisoners in Spain.

Ditto;

East India Company's

Supply;

Ways and Means.

Supply Bill; Exchequer Bills.

Commissioners of Public Accounts,

"Earl of Salisbury's Estates.

Ways and Means.

East India Accounts.

504 6° yunit. A. 1781.

Ordered, That Mr. John R do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine,

" take, and slate, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, and to report what Balances are in the Hands " of Accountants, which may be applied to the'Public " Service, and what Defeats there are in the present " Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for, Public Money, and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive Manner, the " laid Services can in future be regulated and carried " on for the Benefit of the Public," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act for continuing and amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the " Kingdom, and to report what Balances are in the " Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to " the Public Service; and what Defeats there are in the present Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing,

" and accounting for. Public Money; and in what ‘ " more Expeditious and effectual, and less expensive " Manner, the said Services can in future be regulated " and carried on for the Benefit of the Public."

Ordered, That Mr. John Robinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for divesting the Inheritance in Fee Simple of divers Manors, Messuages, Farms, Rectories, Advowsons, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, Rents, and Hereditaments, of the Right Honourable James Earl of out

of Charles Banks and his Heirs, and for veiling the same in Trustees, and their Heirs, to, for, and upon such of the several Uses, Trulls, Powers, Provisoes, Ends, Intents, and Purposes, mentioned and declared in and by an Indenture of Release of the Nineteenth Day of June, One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-eight, as remain to be performed, or are capable of taking Effect, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Maf-terman, Mr. Turner, &. c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Robinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Robinson reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

r

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Company do immediately lav before this House, an Account of the Bond Debt due by the India Company, by the last Advices, at their respective Presidencies in India, or at Canton in China.

Ordered, That the Directors of the India Company do immediately lay before this House, an Account of all Bills of Exchange drawn on the East India

*9

Company, by their respective Presidencies in India, or by their Supra Cargoes in China, and now unpaid.

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Company do immediately lay before this House, an Account, if any, and what Money has been received in India and China for Bills of Exchange to be granted on the East India Company, and not included in tire Bond Debt above mentioned.

The House was moved. That the Report, which upon the 16th Day of May last was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Henry Phillips, of Knightsbridge, in the County of was refer-

red, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of th whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for providing a Reward to William Smith, Doctor of Physic, for his diligent and humane Attendance upon the sick and diseased Prisoners confined in several Prisons within and near this Metropolis, for Four Years, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert 'presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend and render more effectual the l.aws in being relating to Houses of Correction: Aud the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to promote the Residence of the " Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy and effectual building, re-building, repairing, " or purchasing, Houses, and other necessary Buildings and Tenements, for the Use of their Benefices," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, Sir William Dolben, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Robinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Robinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they bad directed him to report, when the House wilt please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. John Robinson also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, This House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Phillips's

Compofiiici

fordcstroyjM

Dr. W. Smith'* Attendance on the Sick of Lobdoa Gaols.

Laws resting to Houfool Correction.

Residencf of the Cle:gr.

Supple*

Difrovery of the ^ongiicde.

vavy Bills, &c.

the Back.

Earl orn walliV nfwer to ote of hanks.

21 Geo. III. 6® — 7® Junii.

505

House to consider farther of the Supply granted to Uis Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to confuler of an Art, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful " Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and " for making Experiments relating thereto;"

Ordered, That the Account of what Money has been

ifilied by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, in pur-faance of an Art, palfed in the Twentieth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for continuing " the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making " certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, " or making other useful Discoveries and linprovements in Navigation, and for making Experiments " relating thereto," be referred to the said Committee.

Then tire House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, Tliut Mr. Pulteney have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly. That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England do lay before this House an Account of the Navy and Victualling Bills and Ordnance Debentures purchased by them, and now in their Possession, with the Dates when the same were purchased.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

JoviS) 70 die Ju?iii;

Anno 2i# Georgii IIP" Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received from the Right honourable Lieutenant General Charles Earl Ccrmvullis the following Letter,

in Return to the Thanks of this House, signified to him by Mr. Speaker, in Obedience to their Commands of the 27th Day of November lull:

'Wilmingto 1 Slh April 1781.

Sir,

I have received, with the greatest Satisfaction, the Favour of your Letter of the 30th November 1780, inclosing the Resolution of the House of Commons of the 27th of that Month, so very favourable and flattering to me.

I inufl desire. Sir, that you will be pleased to inform the House, that I am truly sensibleof the high Honour they have conferred upon me; and that it shall he my constant Study, by the moll earned Attention to the Vol. 3S.

Duties of my Profession, to merit a Continuance of their Approbation.

I beg that you will accept my Acknowledgments for the obliging Manner in which you ~ ^mmunicated to pie the Thanks of the HS^/ffcan ' have the Honour to be, with great Respert, -

Sir,

Your most obedient,

and most humble Servant,

Cornwallis.

The Right honourable Charles

Wolf ran Cornwall, Speaker of the House of Commons.

The House being informed that Mr. , from the Commissioners of the Cudoms, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, .

An Account of Coffee exported from England, from Account of Christmas 1764 to Chrijim as 1773, and the Duties drawn Coffee

back thereon; distinguishing each Year, and the Foreign exP°neth Coffee from the British Plantation Coffee.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

N. B. The said Account was, by reason of a Mistake therein, withdrawn the 8th Indant, anebanother presented.

The House being informed that Mr. from In<j!a

the United Company of Merchants of England trading Accounts, to The East Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Extrarts of Advices to Fort Saint George, relative to the Affairs of Hyder Ali Khdn, from 1765 to 17S0: And also,

N° 2. Extrarts of Advices from Fort Saint George, relative to the Adairs of Ilyder Ali Khdn, from 1765 to 1780: And also,

N° 3. Extracts of Fort Saint George Confutations, relative to the Affairs of Hyder Ali Khdn, from 1765 to 1769: And also,

N° 4. Extrarts of Fort Saint George Consultations, relative to the Affairs of Hyder Ali Khan, from 1769 to 1779: And also,

N° 5. An Account of the Bond Debt due by the East India Company, by the last Advices, at their respective Presidencies in India, or at Canton in China:

And also,

- N° 6. An Account of Bills of Exchange drawn on the East India Company by their respective Presidencies in India, or by their Supra Cargoes in China, and unpaid on 6th June 1781: And also,

N° 7. An Account of what Money has been received in India and China, for Bills of Exchange to be granted

on the East India Company, not included in their Bond

Debts.

Together with a Lid of the said Papers and Accounts.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lid was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers and Accounts do lie

upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers and Accounts are preserved amongd the other Papers of this Session.

APetition of the Gentlemen, LandOwners, Farmers Growth of and Inhabitants of the Towns and Neighbourhood of Hemp and Selby, Snaith, Huivden, and Caivood, fife, in the County Fla*, of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, that the present Rupture with the States cf Holland having put a

6 N Stop

go6 7* fund. A. 1781.

Stop to the Importation of Flax from that Country, a great Demand has of consequence fallen on the County Of York for that Article, as well as other Places in England; and that the Quantity is by no Means equal to the Demand, nor likely to be lb for a considerable Time, unless some Means are fallen upon to increase the Culture of it more speedily than it would be in the ordinary Way, and the present Time affords a valuable Opportunity of gaining the Possession of the FlaxTrade, Which the Dutch have pursued with great Attention and Advantage to themselves for a long Period of Years; and that an Increase of the Culture of Flax in England will be of great Advantage to the I and Owners, to the Linen Manufactures of Great Britain, and to the Nation at large, by saving a great Sum of Money annually paid to Foreigners for that Article; and that in the Year 1767 a Fund was established by Parliament for encouraging the Growth of Flax in England, which has never been applied to the Purpose intended, and a right Application of it in the present Time would be productive of the happiest Consequences to the Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to take the above into Consideration, and to appropriate the Flax Fund for England to the laudable Purpose for which it was intended, in such Way and Manner as the House flia.ll judge most effectual.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, who are appointed to consider the several Petitions which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, respecting the Fund established for the Growth of Hemp and Flax in Great Britain; and to examine, and report to the House their Opinion relating to the Manner of distributing such Part of the said Fund as ought to be allowed to the Growers of Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called England.

Naval A Petition of the Merchants and Owners and Mailers

Volunteers, of Ships in the Port of Neiocaflle upon Tyne, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have maturely considered a Maritime Plan for Manning the Royal Navy voluntarily, and for the better Regulation of Seamen in the Merchants Service, which was printed and published by Order of the House last Session of Parliament, and are clearly of Opinion that it is well calculated to answer the great Purposes intended, and, with the Addition of a Clause for regulating the Wages of Seamen in the Merchants Service. practicable in every Part; and that the Petitioners, after having long felt and lamented those expensive and dangerous Delays which the Naval Operations 'and Commercial Concerns of the British Empire have often suffered, are extremly happy to find that a Plan so well calculated to prevent the like Evils in future, has so far obtained the Consideration and Sanction of the House: And therefore praying the House to resume the Consideration of the said Plan, and to order in a Bill upon the Principles thereof; and that it may, with such Alterations and Amendments as to the House shall seem meet, be passed into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, who are appointed to consider whether by any, and by what Means, more effectual Encouragement can be given to Volunteers to enter on board His Majesty's Ships of War, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

Delivery of A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the

Election Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King

Wriw* liam the Third, intituled, "An Act for the further regulating Elections of Members tofervein Parliament, " and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs and other Officers in the electing and returning " such Members," with respect to the Conveyance and Delivery of Writs for electing Members to serve in Parliament, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a (Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. John Robinson, according to Order, reported Supply,

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Six hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Mr. Henry Phillips,'on his making a proper Discovery, for the Use of the Public, of the Composition of his Powder for the DestruClion of Infects.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Sum be issued and paid without any Fees or Deductions whatsoever.

The first of the said Resolutions being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j GilbeTtEl1^ I *6.

[Sir James Cockburne: i

f Mr. Alderman - 1

Tellers for the Noes, ? bridge, >23.

I fMr. M inchi )

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Sir Gilbert Elliot and Mr. Oaf coyne do prepare, and bring ia, the fame.

The Bill, now ingrossed, to remedy certain Incon- ctaadrfne veniencies which have arisen by Meansof an Act, passed Manila, in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for " the better preventing ofclandestine Marriages," was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz. I

Pr. 2.1. 1. At the End of the Line add " having

" Chapelries annexed, and." |

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title 1

be, An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and Public Chapels, in which Banns had not usually been published before or at the Time of passing an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages." ,

Ordered, That the Lord Beauchamp do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the Discover* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Longitude. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries lor finding the Lon- gitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries

" and

a i Geo. III. f — 8° Junii. 507

" and Improvements in Navigation, and for making " the Duty Upon Tin and Pewter exported, and grantExperiments relating thereto ;" the Resolution which " ing an Equivalent for the fame, by a Duty upon the Committee had directed him to report to the House; " Drugs," might be read, which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered And the same being read accordingly;

in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; Ref That this House will, upon Monday Morn-and is as followeth; viz. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, House, to contider of so much of the said Act as re-That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, be lates to the Importation of Drugs from the applied, out of any Monies unapplied to the Use of Dominions, the Navy, in the llands of the Treasurer of the Navy,

towards encouraging and rewarding such Person or Notice being taken of a Mistake in the Account of Account of Persons, who shall make any Discoveries for finding the Coffee exported from England, from 1764 to on

Longitude at Sea, which, though they do not entitle C/iri/imas 1773, and the Duties drawn back thereon, the Discoverers to the greater Rewards specified in an dist each Year, and the Foreign Coffee from Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His the Plantation Coffee, which was Yesterday

present Majesty, intituled, " An A fit for the Repeal of prefeuted to the House;

« all former Acts concerning the Longitude at Sea, Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said " except so much thereof as relates to the Appointment Account, in order to the presenting a perfect Account .* and Authority of the Commissioners thereby consti- instead thereof.

" tuted, and also such Clauses as relate to the con-

" drafting, printing, publishing, vending, and licensing The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from Ditto.

" of Nautical Almanacks, and other useful Tables, *he Commissioners of the Culioms, attended at the " and for the more effectual Encouragement and Re- Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar presented to " ward of such Person and Persons as shall discover a House, pursuant to their Order,

" Method for finding the fame, or shall make useful " Discoveries in Navigation, and for the better making " Experiments relating thereto," yet may be adjudged, by the Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude at Sea, to be of considerable Use to the Public; and also such Person or Persons as shall make any other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and towards the better making of Experiments relating thereto, subject to the same Directions and Regulations as are for the like Purposes contained in the said Act.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. , Mr.

and the Earl of Lijburne, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

CJandtlUne The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " better preventing of clandestine Marriages," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act: And that Mr. Fox, Sir George Yonge, General Burgoyne, and the Earl do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 8° 'Junii;

Anno ax" Georgii III*1 Regis, 1781.

Pk ay ers.

Law* re* A BIL L to amend and render more effectual the

lame to Laws in being, relating to Houses of Correction,

Correction. was read a Second Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Sir William Dolben, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Dregs im- The House was moved, That an Act, made in the ported from Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of King Wil-R,u£a. # amthe Third, intituled, "An Act for the lessening Vox.. 38.

1,

An Account of Coffee exported from England, from Christmas 1764 to Christmas 1773, and the Duties of Customs drawn back thereon; dist each Year, and the Foreign Coffee from the British Plantation Coffee.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for providing a Reward to William Dr. W. Smith, Doctor of Physic, for his diligent and humane Sm'th's At‘ Attendance upon the sick and difeal'ed Prisoners con- of*

fined in several Prisons within and near this Metropolis, Loneon for Four Years, was read the Third Time. G»oU.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for providing a Reward to' William Smith,

Doctor of Physic, for his diligent and humane Attendance upon the sick and diseased Prilbuers confined' in several Prisons within and uear this Metropolis, for Four Years.

Ordered, That Sir Herbert Mackworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town Growth of of Kingston upon Hull, in Common Council assembled, Hemp and was presented to the House, and read Setting forth, flax* That by an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting additional Duties on certain Foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom, and for establishing a Fund for encouraging the railing and dressing of Hemp and Flax, the said Duties were directed to be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, distinct from all others, and a Sum, not exceeding £. 15,000 per Annum, arising from the fame, was to be kept apart as a Fund for the Encouragement of railing and dressing Hemp and Flax in this Kingdom, in such Manner as Parliamentffiould direct; and that, by another Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, His Majesty was im powered to direct the Distribution of £. 8,000 per Annum, or of Eight Fifteenth Parts of the Money which had grown due and been kept apart, and which should afterwards grow duo and be kept apart, for the Encouragement of raising and dressing Hemp and Flax in England, pursuant to the First-mentioned Act, and £. 7,000 per Annum, or Seven Fifteenth Parts of the said Money, were to be applied for encouraging and promoting Fishings, Manufactures, and Improvements in Scotland-, and that the Petitioners are informed, that the said Sum off. 7,000

per

Bowater's

Estate.

Tcrritcres of the East India Company.

508

8® Junii.

per Annum, directed by the said last mentioned Act to

be applied for the Benefit of , has, from Time

-to Time, been disposed of for those Purposes, but the said Sum of £. 8000, which was appropriated to England, has beeu permitted to accumulate, without being applied to the Purposes for which it was intended, and is now remaining in the Exchequer; and that, before the Commeneement of Hostilities between and The States of the United Provinces, the Town of Kingston upon Hull carried on an extensive Trade in the Importation of Flax and Flax Seed from Holland, and felling those Commodities to Manufacturers in many Parts of this Kingdom, but that Trade being now wholly discontinued, a considerable Prejudice has arisen, not only to the Petitioners, but to all Persons who are concerned in that Branch of Business, which the Petitioners conceive to be so important to the Kingdom, that as before the Rupture with Holland it was thought a prudent and political, it was now become a necessary and essential Object to apply those Encouragements which the Legislature has provided towards promoting the Growth of Flax and Hemp in this Kingdom, especially at aTime when the Increase and Improvement of Agriculture are so necessary to support the declining State of landed Property in this Country: And therefore praying, That the Fund, which has been appropriated by Parliament for the Encouragement of the Growth of Flax and Hemp in England may be applied for that wife and salutary Purpose, and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the Houseshall seem expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee who are appointed to consider the several Petitions which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, respecting the Fund established for the Growth of Hemp and Flax in Great Britain; and to examine and report to the House their Opinion relating to the Manner of distributing such Part of the said Fund as ought to be allowed to the Growers of Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable John Bozvater, Esquire, to grant Leases,

in Possession or Reversion, of a Dock Yard and Land at Woolwich, in the County of Kent (being Part of the

settled Estate of the said John Bozvater) to the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, in Behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill.pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon Monday the 28th Day of May last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to take into further Consideration the present State of the India Company, the proper Method of governing and managing the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues now in their Possession, and offecuring to the Public a just Proportion of the Profits arising therefrom, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for reviving and continuing for a further Time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the " Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India " as in Europe," as hath expired in the course of the

.1781.

present Year; and allb for establishing certain other Regulations for the like Purposes.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for securing to the Public the Payment of Three-fourth Parts of the Net Profits of the East India Company at Home, above the Sum of£. 8 per Centum per Annum upon the Capi tal Stock of the said Company, which have accrued from the First Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, to the First Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East which

was presented to the House upon the 30th Day of last, was also read.

And the Counsel against the Bill were heard in Support of the said Petition.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

A Motion vvas made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

-P , f v f Sir William Gordon, )

Teller, for the V eas.J / j > *9.

Tellers for the Noes ] 89.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, rel'olve itself into a Committee of the who e House, upon the said Bill.

The Lord North presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing in the Possession of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, for a further Time to be limited, and under certain Conditions, the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in The East Indies; for enabling the said Company, under certain Restrictions, to borrow, under the Seal of the said Company, any Sum of Money not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds: for reviving and continuing, for a further Time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations " for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in ," as

hath expired in the Course of the present Year; and also for establishing certain other Regulations for the like Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, Tjiat the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Monies paid or allowed to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for or on Account of public Money issued to or put under the Management of the said Governor and Company since the Grant of their present Charter, distinguishing each Year.

Sir Gilbert Elliot presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for providing a Reward to lleniy Phillips, on his making a proper Discoverj', for the L'fe of the Public, of the Composition of his Powder

for

East India Company's Profit*.

Territories of the East India Company.

Account of Allowance to Bank for Management.

Phillips'} Compdfn.on for desiroy-ing infers,

Payment of Accountants Balances.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Bowater's

Estate.

2i Geo. III.

8° — 11® Junii.

for the Destruction of Infers: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-' ingnext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to direct the Payment into the Exchequer of the respective Balances remaining in the Hands of the several Persons therein named, for the Use and Benefit of the Public; and for indemnifying the said respective Persons and their Representatives in respect of such Payments, and against all future Claims relating thereto; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

509

Bowater) to the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, in Behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable John Esquire, to grant

Leases, in Possession or Reversion, of a, Dock Yard and Land at. Woolwich, in the County of Kent (being Part

of his settled Estate) to the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, in Behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Newland, from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all Monies paid or allowed to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for or on Account of Public Money issued to, or put under the Management of, the said Governor and Company, since the Grant of their present Charter; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Lunee> 110;

Anno 21" Georgii IIP" Regis, 1781. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to enable John Esquire,

to grant Leases, in Possession or Reversion, of a Dock Yard and Land at Woolwich, in the County of Kent (being Part of the settled Estate of the said John

Bank of England, 1 ith June 1781.

An ACCOUNT of all Monies paid or allowed to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for or on Account of Public Money issued to, or put under the Management of, the said Governor and Company since the Grant of their present Charter; distinguishing each Year.

Allowances

Date.

r

For Management.

For receiving, paying, and accounting for Loans,&c.

From the cth of January 1765 to the 5th of January 1766 m I- 51,629 s. 11 d. 7 OO . O S?N HH s. 13 d. 9

m — - D® - - - 1766 - - D® art - 1767 a - - 52,0x8 — 11 00 0 0* 13 9

m — - D® - - - 1767 - - D° - - 1768 - - 52,706 *7 10 1,208 13 9

— - D° - - - 1768 - - D® - 1769 - - 5Mi9 *4 6 1.531 — 1

- - - D® - - 1769 - - D® - - 177° " - 50,9x1 10 5 1,000 — —

- - D® - - - I77° - - D® - 1771 " - - 50,911 10 5 1,500 — —

- - D® - - - 1771 - - D® - - 1772 - - - 5°>l5 12 2 1,000 — —

- - D® - - - 1772 - - D® - 1773 y - 49*773 11 9 2,000 — —

- - - D® - - 1773 - - D" - 1774 - 49.479 8 4 - -

- D° - - - 17 74 - -- D® - - 1775 - 49,300 18 8 2,000 — —

D° - - *775 - - D® - m 1776 - - - 48.934 *3 — 2,000 — — -

- - D® - - - ijj6 - - D" m - 1777 - - - 49,400 *5 2 1,611 11 8

- D® - - - 1777 - - D® - - 1778 - - - 52.329 5 6 5,028 *9 2

_ - D® - - - 1778 - - D® - - 1779 - - 58.584 12 7 5.834 15 — *

- D® - - - 1779 - D® - - 1780 - - m 66,156 1 11 6,640 10 i°

- - - D* - - 1780 - - D* 1781 75>927 5 10 10,669 10

A. Newland,

Chief Caftiier.

Vol. 38.

60

Ordered,

Allowance to Bank for

Management.

5 io 11° JuniL A. 1781.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House,'to. whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means forraifing the Supply granted to His Majftly. '

Drugs Ordered', That the Order of the Day, for the House

imported to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, from RufEa. to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the lessening the Duty " upon Tin and Pewter expprted, and granting an " Equivalent for the same by a Duty upon Drugs," as relates to the Importation of Drugs from the Russian Dominions, benowrend.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr, Ord took the Chair, of the[Committee.

Mr. Speaker, resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now.received.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he; was directed by the Committee to mo vet he House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to £x-plain and amend an Act, made in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, <c An Act for the lessening the Duty upon u Tin and Pewter exported, and granting an Equiva-ct lent for the same by a Duty upon Drugs," so far as the same relates to the Importation of Drugs from the Russian Dominions.

And Mr. Ord moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled,

" An Act for the lessening the Duty upon Tin and u Pewter exported, and grantingan Equivalent for the <c same by a Duty upon Drugs," so far as the same relates to the Importation of Drugs from the Rujjian Dominions: And that Mr. Ord and Sir Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply Bill; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Duiirs on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole' Hotife, Chocolate. Upon t|le gjj] for repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain Inland Duties upon Cocoa-Nuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein; fertile more-punctual and-ready Payment of the Allowances to be made to Brewers out of the additional Duties imposed on Malt-; and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act, made in this prefect Session of Parliament, with respect to the exempting of Candles from the additional Duty of Five-Pounds per Centum upon the Duties of Excise, imposed by the said Act; . - - .

-Rejolted, That this House will, upon- Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Laws relating Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to-whom to Iof the Bill to amend and render more effectuaL the Laws in Correction, being relating to Houses of Correction wf as committed;

That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and madefeveral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clcijc'sTable: Where the Report was read.

Ordered/Yhat such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be fufii-cion.. for the Use of the Members of the House.

-o

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,. upon the Bill to direct the Payment into the Exchequer of the respective Balances remaining in the Hands of the several Persons therein named, for the Use and Benefit of the Public; and for indemnifying the said respective Persons and their Representatives in respect of Inch Payments, and against all future Claims relating thereto; and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

Ordered, That the Reports of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and date, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, which were prefen ted to the House upon the 7th Day of March and the c)th Day of April last. be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. '

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed, the Chair. .

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone, through the Bill, and made several Ameudr nients thereunto; which they had directed him to ref port, when the House will please to receive the same.;.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fox presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenfy-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better preventing of " clandestine Marriages: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Stephens presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Encouragement and Rewrard of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Dif-coveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating the reto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. *

' Mr. Stephens, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain2 presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Bread and dry Stores that appears to have been damaged and rendered unlit for Use by Weevils, and other Infefts, on board His Majesty's Ships of War, since the 1st of January .1 eadi_yeaiv....

And the Title of til? said Account was read.

Ordered, That the fain- Account do lie upon the Table,- to-be perused by the Members of the House.

The- said Account is prefer ved. among.: the oJ.-cr - Papers of this Sefiion.

The-other Orders of Day being Tend v

Resolved, That this House -will, upon UrAnrfuny Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of die whole-House, to consider further of Ways amh Means for-raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. - -

Resolved, rl hat this House will, upon IVculncflay Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole-House, to consider further of the Supply-granted to His Majesty. *

And then the House adjourned till *To-jnorrovy Morning, Tea of the Clock.

Payment of Accountant Balances.

V

Clantiefuix

Iviarriago.

D'fcovfry of the Longitude.

Account of

churage-.i

Sturts.

Ways nru1 Means.

Supply.

41 G;:0.III.

12° Junii.

511

Martisy 12°;

r

Anno zi° Georgii IIIui Regis, 1781. Prayers.

SIR Mattheio White Ridley reported from the Committee, who were appointed toconsider the several Petitions which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, respecting the Fund estab-iiliied for the Growth of Hemp and Flax in Great Britain, ami to examine, and report to the House their Opinion relating to the Manner of distributeing such Part of the said Fund as ought to be allowed to the Growers of Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called England; That the Committee had examined into the Matters referred to them; and had cotne to several R'e-solutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the llesolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee^ by an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign Of His present Majesty, that the following additional Rates and Duties were laid upon certain Foreign Linens imported into Great Britain; viz.

For every Ell of Foreign Linen, commonly called

That it would be highly advantageous, and more fully answer the Intentions of the Legislature in parting the said Acts, if the Application of the said Bounties could be enforced by a Law for that Purpose, under proper Regulations.

Resolved,-That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the ifiiiing of the said Bounties should be under the Direction of the Board of Trade, subject to certain Refiri6lions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding^. 15,000 Annum, should, out of the Arrears of the said Fund now in the Exchequer, and growing Produce of the said Duties, be distributed as Bounties upon Flax and Hemp, in Manner following; viz.

A Bounty on all Flax to be grown in that Part of Great Britain called England, to be paid by the Stone to the Grower or other Person who shall clean and prepare the same for Market, in certain Proportions.

A Bounty on all 1 letup to be grown in that Part of Great Britain called England, to be paid by the Stone to the Grower or other Person who shall clean and prepare the same for Market, in certain Proportions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Chairman be directed to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rendering niore effectual so much of an Act, made in the Tenth

Packing Canvas, Spruce Killing, or Queenjbo.Year of His Majesty's Reign,'intituled', "AnA&foi-rough Canvas, the Sum of-One l arthing. appropriating a Fund established by an Act, made in

For every Ell of Foreign Linen, commonly called . Dutch Barras and Hejji IhO -Sum of

One Halfpenny; and for all Foreign Lawns, the Duties payable on Lawns: And,

For every Yard of Foreign Lawn blenched in . Holland, commonly called Holland Whited Dozen, the Sum of One Penny.

" the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties " on certain Foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom, and for establishin" a Fund for the encouraging " of the railing and dressing of Hemp and Flax," as relates to the distributeing and paying the Proportion of the Fund thereby appropriated for the Encouragement

And that the Money arising by the said Rates and of the Growth of Hemp and Flax in that Part of

Duties 'was directed, from Time to Time, to be paid ....

into the Exchequer, dilliij6lly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue; and a Sum, not exceeding^. 15,000 per Annum, arising from the said Duties, should he kept apart as a Fund for the Encouragement of jailing and dressing Hemp and Fla:; in this Kingdom, in such Way and Manner as Parliament

should thereafter direct; and that the Remainder of the said ft>v<?r:.l Duties should be referred in the said Receipt lor the future Disposition of Parliament.

Jlifoiecd, That it appear^ to this Committee, by another Act,- passed in the Tenth Year of His present Ma-jiily's Reign, that the said Sum of 15,000 per Annum, was directed to he distributed as follows; viz. -Eight-fifteenth Paris thereof to be applied as His Majesty should direct, for the Encouragement of the railing and dressing Hemp and Flax in England: And,

Seven-fifteenth. Parts thereof to be paid by the Commissioners of the Tree fury unto the Receiver General of the Crown Rents and Casualties in Scotland, and distributed tinder the Di-nations of the Commissioners and Trustees, appointed by an Act of the Thirtecul h Year of 1 he Reign of his Majesty King George the Frrft, for encouraging and promoting Fisheries and oilier Manufactures and Improvements in that , Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

<t Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That J>, 0.0 Part of the said Fund has been issued and applied <i-for encouraging the Growth of Hemp and Flax in England; which the Committee attribute to t lie Want <|f an elleciual Parliamentary Direction, as in the Cafe

V r

<^Scotland; and that there is, at: this Time, the Sum of ,£1*1,719. 1 (jS. 5 d. remaining i:. the Exchequer, arising out of :.he said Duties, applicable to the Purposes atbreftiid.

ii:

is the Opinion of this Committee,

Britain called England, by applying a Sum, not exceeding 15,000 per Annum, out of the said Arrears and Duties, to the Purposes aforesaid, for a Time to be limited.

The Six first Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by. the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Sir Mattheio White Ridley moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for rendering more else6tual so much of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for appropriating a Fund, established by an Act, " made in the Seventh Year of the lteign of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty additional " Duties on certain Foreign I.incns imported into this " Kingdom, and for eliablilliing a Fund for the encouraging of the railing and dressing of Hemp and <s Flax," as relates to the distributeing and paying the Proportion of the Fund thereby appropriated for the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called England, by applyi ng a Sum, not exceeding £ 15,000 per Annum, out of the said Arrears and Duties, to the Purposes aforesaid, for a Time to be limited: And that Sir Matthew White Ridley, Mr. Turner, and Sir George Yonge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Air. Ord, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to direct the Payment into the Exchequer of the respective Balances remaining in the Hands of the several Persons therein named, for the Ufeand Benefit of the Public; and for indemnifying the said respective Persons, and their Representatives, in ivspect of Inch Payments, mt.l against all future Claims relating thereto; and for oilx r

Purposes

Rogues and Vagabonds.

Enforcing Payment of the Land Tax.

Duties on Mineral Drugs.

Whale

Fishery.

512 I2°.

Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and render more effectual the several Laws in being, relative to Rogues, Vagabonds, Beggars, and other idle and dil'orderly Persons: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Coke of Nottingham, Sir Philip Jennings Clerke, and Sir William Dolben do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better enforcing the Payment of the Monies arising by the Land Tax raised in Great Britain, and for the more speedy Recovery of Debts due to the Crown: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of taking off the Duties now payable on the Importation of certain Mineral Drugs into this Kingdom.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, in Common Council a.Tembled,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the betterSupport and Establishment of the Greenland And. Whale Fishery, the former Bounties granted by any Act of Parliament for the Encouragement of the G or Whale Fishery, were declared to cease, and be no longer paid1or allowed, except in such Cases only where special Provision wjas made for the same by the then present Act; and in lieu thereof, the respective Bounties thereinafter mentioned, were to be paid and allowable, that is to say, for every Ship, asdeferibed in the said Act, which should proceed on the said Fishery, from the 25th Day of December 1771 to the 25th Day of Dec 1776, the Sum of Forty Shillings per Ton; and for every such Ship as should proceed on the said Fishery, from the 25th Day of December 1776 to the 25th Day of December 1781, the Sum of Thirty Shillings Ton; and for every such Ship as should proceed on the said Fishery, from the 25th Day of December 17S1 to the 25th Day of December 1786, the Sum of Twenty Shillings Ton; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Bounty of Thirty Shillings per Ton should be permitted to cease at the Time limited by the said Act, it would render ineffectual the Views of the Legislature in making those faluta'ry Provisions for the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery, and, as a necessary Consequence, would greatly prejudice so important and useful a Branch of Trade, the Petitioners having Cause to fear, that since the Rupture between Great Britain and the States of The United Pi evinces, the Navigation to the Greenland Seas, and Davis's Straights will be attended with more Peril than heretofore, and will consequently require a longer Continuance of the present Bounty of Thirty Shillings per Ton, than is provided for by the said Act: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief, as the Nature of the same may require.

Junii. A. 1 781.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tliurfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

A Petition of the Guild or Brotherhood of Mailers and Pilots, Seamen of the Trinity House of Kingston upon Hull, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, cerlain Bounties were granted for the Support and Establishment of the Greenland and Whale Fishery, which were to decrease at limited Periods; and that the present Bounty of Thirty Shillings per Ton, will be reduced after the current Year; and, as the Owners of Ships employed in the said Fisheries, at this critical Juncture, labour under many Disadvantages from the present exorbitant Wages to Seamen, the high Premiums of Insurance, and other Discouragements, the Petitioners, from their Knowledge of Maritime Matters, are well convinced, that if a further Diminution of the present Bounty is permitted to take Place, it will tend to dellroy that Branch of useful Commerce, and greatly prejudice the Nursery for Seamen, which is the Object the Legislature had in View at the pading of the said Act, and which, in the Petitioners Opinion, the present Demand of the State absolutely requires to he encouraged: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to pass a Law for the Continuation of the Bounty as it now hands, during the present Hostilities, or to take such Measures as to the House shall appear expedient, for preventing the Annihilation of the said Trade.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the Port of Liverpool, in Behalf of themselves and others, especially of those who are immediately interested in the Whale Fishery, to Greenland, Davis's Streights, and the Seas adjacent, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bounty of Forty Shillings per Ton, granted by Parliament, upon the Shipping employed in the Whale Fishery, was the foie Means of bringing that Trade to a flourishing Stale; and that a Supply of Oil and Whalebone fully equal to the Consumption of these Kingdoms, besides great Quantities of Oil exported, have been furnished by Shipping,

navigated chiefly by British Seamen, through the Operation of this wife and salutary Law; and that in the Year 1776, which was the last Year of the Allowance of the Bounty above-mentioned. Twenty-two Ships of large Burthen were fitted out in the Port of Liverpool, for the Whale Fisheries in Greenland and Davis's

Streights; and that a Redtiblion of: he Bounty after the 25th of December 177 6, till the 27th of December 1781, to Thirty Shillings per Ion, which from that Time to the 25th of December 1786 will, by the Laws hitherto enacted, be no more than Twenty Shillings per I on, and then finally cease, has reduced the Number of Ships fitted out at the Port of lover pool for the Northern Whale Fishery this present Year, to Two Ships only; and that this Trade, which has been an excellent Nursery for great Numbers of able and healthy Seamen, is likely to lapse again into the Hands of Foreigners, without the Aid of a sufficient National Bounty, which, from the great Advance in Seamen's Wages and Insurance, is at this Time rendered still more particularly necessary: And therefore praying. That the former Bounty of Forty Shillings a Ton, may be again granted for a limited Time, upon Shipping employed in the Whale Fishery, to Greenland, Davis's and the Seas adjacent; or that such other adequate Relief may be granted, as the House shall judge meet.

And the said Petitions were (overall v ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the last preceding Petition is referred.

T 'T' .

Wkd;

Fiflwj.

Ditto.

T>rugs

i m ported from Ruflla*

State of American War.

Ear! of Salisbury's Estates.

Insolvent Debtors.

2i Geo. III.

12° — j 30 Junii.

5*3

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Improvement of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs, and for the Encouragement of Officers making Seizures, and for the " Prevention of the clandestine Running of Goods " into any Part of His Majesty's Dominions," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the lessening the Duty upon

Tin and Pewter exported, and granting art Equivalent for the same by a Duty upon Drugs," so far as the same relates to the Importation of Drugs from the Russian Dominions, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for explaining and amending the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That this House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the present State of the American War;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas| > 99.

Tellers for the Noes| .

So it passed in the Negative.

}*72

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 130 die cJunit;

Anno 2i° Georgii III1* Regis, 1781. Praters.

MR. Gascoyne reported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for diverting the Inheritance in Fee Simple, of divers Manors, Messuages, Farms, Redories, Adowfons, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, Rents, and Hereditaments, of the Right honourable James Earl of Salisbury, out of Charles Banks and his Heirs, and for veiling the same in Trullees and their Heirs, to, for, and upon such of the several Uses, Trulls, Powers, Provisoes, Ends, Intents, and Purposes, mentioned and declared in and by an Indenture of Release of the Nineteenth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-eight, as remain to be performed, or are capable of taking Effect, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee bad directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered That Mr. Gascoyne do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Ameildment.

read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have been informed, that an Act is intended to be made this Session, for Relief of Insolvent Persons confined for Debt previous to the 7th Day of June 1780; and that in same the same ouly extends to Persons who have been confined previous to the said 7th Day of June, there will only be Five out of Twenty-four Debtors in the Gaol at Durham, who can derive, any Benefit therefrom; and that the Petitioners have not surrendered themselves in a fraudulent Manner, or requelled their Creditors to arrell them, in Expectation of receiving the Benefit of any Insolvent Ad, and are totally unable to pay their respective Debts, and most of them are burthened with large Families, who are reduced to great Distress by being deprived of the Petitioners Hand Labour, which was their only Support: And therefore praying the House to take their present moll dif-treffed Situation into Consideration, and to extend the said intended Ad to all such Persons who were legally confined for Debt in any of His Majesty's Gaols, and who have not (upon a candid Investigation of the Premises) made use of, or caused to be made use of, any illegal or collusive Measures, in order to receive the Benefit of an Act of Insolvency; and to grant the Petitioners such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better maintaining and regulating of the Poor within the Town of Plymouth Dock and Parish of Stoke Damarell, in the County of Devon; and for paving, cleansing, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, and removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances,. and Annoyances, and regulating the Drivers of Coaches, Chaises, and Carts, and also Chairmen and Porters, within the said Town; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for performing several Works, and making Improvements, within the University and City of Oxford, and the Sub-burbs thereof, and in the adjoining Parish of Saint Clement; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands in the Townships of Grinjhill, Sanfaw, and Clive, in the Parities of Grin/hill and Saint Mary, in the County of Salop, with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to veil certain Messuages, Lands, " Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trullees, for the " better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and " Stores, at Plymouth and Sheerness, and for better " defending- the Passage of the River Thames at " Gravesend and Tilbury F," might be read. Arid the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend so much of the said Act as relates to the Security of His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Plymouth: And that Sir Richard Sutton and Sir Charles Frederick do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons confined for Debt Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-inH is Majesty's Gaol in the City of Durham, in and ing, resolve itself into aCommitteeof the whole House, for the said County, waspresented to the House, and toconsider of permitting the Importation of Orchilla - Vol. 38. 6 P 1

Weed,

Plymouth Poor and

Streets.

Oxford

Streets.

Grinfliill,&c.

Inclosure.

Secuyhy of the Dock Yards.

Importation

of Orchilla Weed.

5H

130 Junii. 1781.

Weed, during the present Hostilities, from any Place whatsoever, in British, Irish, or Neutral Ships.

PhiUtpi's A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-C'on position poled, That the Bill for providing a Reward to lnfedts °ying Phillips, on his making a proper Discovery, for the Use

of the Public, of the Composition of his Powder for the Deliruftion of Infefts, be now read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Queliion, by leaving out the Word " now," in order to add at the End of the Question, the Words, " upon " this Day Three Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" Rand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now, read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Seven night, the lift Day of this Instant June, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Growth of Sir MalllietoWhite Ridley presented to the House, ac-

Hempand cording to Order, a Bill for rendering more effectual so Flax. much of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for appropriating a " Fund, established by an Act, made in the Seventh " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for grainting to His Majesty.additional Ditties on certain Foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom, and for " establ idling a Fund for the encouraging of the railing " and dressing of Hemp and Flax," as relates to the distributing and paying the Proportion of the Fund thereby appropriated for the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called England, by applying. a Sura not exceeding £. 15,000 per Annum, out of the said Arrears and Duties, to the Purposes aforesaid, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

uimm.nration Mr. Richard Smith presented to the House, aocord-of justice ing to Order, a Bill to explain and amend so much of in Bengal. an ^ft, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management " of the Affairs of the India Company, as well in India as in Europeas relates to the Admioiftration of Justicein Bengal ;and for the Relief of certain Persons imprisoned at Calcutta in Bengal, under a Judgment of the Supreme Court of J udicature; and also for indemnifying the Governor General and Council of Bengal, and all Officers who have acted under their Orders or Authority, in the Resistance made to the Process of the Supreme Court: And the same was received; and read she First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Psyment of An ingrossed Bill to direct the Payment into the Accountants Exchequer of the respective Balances remaining in the Balances. Hands of the several Persons therein named, for the Use and Benefit of the Public, and for indemnifying the said respective Persons and their Representatives in respect of such Payments, and against all future Claims relating thereto; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he. An Act to direct the I'aymeat into the Exchequer

of the respective Balances remaining in the Hands of the several Persons therein named, for the Use and Benefit of the Public, and for indemnifying the said respective Persons and their Representatives in respect of such Payments, and against all future Claims relating thereto; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That the Ol der, made upon the 31st Day of May last, " That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors " arrested on or before the 7th Day of June 1780," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors: And that Mr. Attor--ney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Ord, do prepare, and bring iu, the fame.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready Payment of the Allowances to be made to Brewers out of the additional Duties imposed on Malt; and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, with respect to the exempting of Candles from the additional Duty of Five Pounds per Centum upon the Duties of Excise, imposed by the said Act;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee,

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had received a Propofol from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, relating to the Mutter referred to the said Committee; and had come to a Resolution thereupon; both which the Committee had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morar ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, was presented to the House and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for securing to the Public the Payment of Three-fourth Parts of the Net Profits of the East India Company at Home,

Above

Insolvent

DeUxcch.

Ditto,

Supi>!y B fl;

L>UtiC5 CQ

\V*ji

and fccM*

East Tnda

Compamf»

Profit*.

territories of ie East India Company.

L

a i Geo. III. 13° — 14 515

above the Sum of £.8. per Cenlunt per Annum upon the

Capital Stock of the said Company, which have accrued from the ift Day of March 1778 to the ift Day of March 1781; arsd setting forth. That the Petitioners, apprehending that the said Bill, if passed into a Law, would essentially affect their Rights and Property, presented their Petition to the House, praying to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the Claim of Right made on Behalf of the Public might be judicially determined before any Law was enacted so materially to affect the Petitioners without their Consent; and that the Petitioners were accordingly heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House on the Second Reading of the said Bill, and offered divers Reasons against the Principle thereof; but the same has been referred to a Committee of the House; and that the Petitioners, besides their Objection to the said Bill in its general Principle, have also various Objections to it in sundry Parts thereof, which they deem to be injurious to them, and therefore they feej it necessary to offer the same in such Manner as the Form of Proceeding before Parliament will allow; and the Petitioners being advised that such last mentioned Objections must be made before the Committee, to whom the said Bill Hands referred. They therefore pray to be heard before the said Committee, by themselves or their Counsel, on the said Objections.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

obtained in the East Indies', for enabling the said Company, under certain Restrictions, to borrow, under the Seal of the said Company, any Sum of Money, not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds; for reviving and continuing, for a further Time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for establishing certain Regulations for the better " Management of the Affairs of the East India Com-H pany, as well in India as in Europe," as hath expired in the Course of the present Year, and also for establishing certain other Regulations for the like Purposes; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the said Resolution, and the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will essentially affect their Rights and Property: And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Resolution and Bill; and that the Claim of Right made on Behalf of the Public may be judicially determined, before any Law is enacted so materially to affect the Petitioners without their Consent.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Duties oa resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of taking off the Duties now payable on the Importation of certain Mineral Drugs into this Kingdom.

A Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to The East Indies, vises presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, that this House hath resolved, " That the Eafi " India Company be permitted, during a Time to be limited, to remain in Possession of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately acquired in and that adiftinct Account of the Net Profits of the Company be made up, from the ift Day of March " 1781 to the ift Day of March 178a; and that the " Net Surplus Profit thereof be divided in the Manner " following; that is to say. That the Company shall " receive, upon their Capital of £. 3,200,000, a Dividend of £. 8 per Centum, if the Profits be equal " thereto; that the Public shall also receive a Propor- tion of the said Profits equal to £. 8 per Centum per Annum, if the Profits shall amount to £.16 per rt Centum per Annum-, that in case such Profits shall be " less than £. 16 per Centum per Annum, the Public shall receive all such Profits over and above the " Dividend of £. 8 per Centum per Annum-, that in case " such Profits shall exceed £.16 per Centum per Annum, " the Surplus shall be equally divided between the " Public and the Company; that the Moiety of such " Surplus above £. 16 per Centum per Annum, so appropriated to the Company, shall be applied to the " Payment of anencreased Dividend, as follows; that " is to say, That the Proprietors shall be permitted, in " Addition to the Dividend of per Centum per " Annum, to take out of the Moiety of such Surplus, " over and above the £. 16 per Centum per Annum, an " encreased Dividend, not exceeding £. 1 per Centum, " if the Moiety of the said Surplus so appropriated to the Company be equal thereto; and that, after the Payment of such encrealed Dividend, the Residue of " such Surplus be applied to the Discharge of the " Company's Bond Debt;" and that a Bill is brought into the House, pursuant to the said Resolution, for continuing in the Possession of the United Company of Merchants cf England trading to the East Indies, for a further Time to be limited, and under certain Conditions, the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately VOL. 38.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 140 die Junii,

Anno 2t® Georgii IIP" Regis, 1781.

Praters.

MR. Gilbert reported from the Committee to Residence of whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, the Clergy, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to promote the " Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy and effectual building,

" re-building, repairing, or purchasing, Houses, and " other necessary Buildings and Tenements, for the " Use of their Benefices," was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for rendering more effectual so much of an Growth of Act, made in the Tenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, Hemp and intituled,'‘An Act for appropriatingaFund, established *lax'

" by an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign " of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty <e additional Duties on certain Foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom, and for establ idling a " Fund for the encouraging of the raising and dressing " of Hemp and Flax," as relates to the distributing

516 i£ Junii. '* A. I'jZx.

'and paying the Proportion of the Fund thereby appropriated for the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called England, by applying a Sum, not exceeding 15,000 per Annum, out of the said Arrears and Duties, to the Puposes aforesaid, for a Time to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Delivery of The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Election resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the further " regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for the preventing irregular Proceedings " of Sheriffs and other Officers in the electing and " returning such Members,'' with respect to the Conveyance and Delivery of Writs for electing Members to serve in Parliament;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Rogues and Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Vagabonds. Order, a Bill to amend and render more effectual the several Laws in being, relative to Rogues, Vagabonds, Beggars, and other idle and disorderly Persons: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

GrinfhiH, The House proceeded to take into Consideration the &c. Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Inclosure. An ^\ft for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands in the Townships of Grinjhill, Sanfaio, and Clive, in the Parishes of and Saint Mary,

in the County of Salop

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Press 19. Line n. After "notwithstanding" insert Clause (A).

Clause (A), " And whereas the said Andreio Corbet

"claims to be Lord and Owner of " the Soil of some Part or Share of " the Commons or Waste Lands in the said Township of;

" which claim the said Bichard " as Lord of the said Manor of " Hardwicke, denies; Be it there-* fore Enacted, That if the said " Andrew Corbet shall persist in such " Claim, and shall deliver an Account thereof to the said Commissioners, within the Time and " in Manner herein before mentioned concerning Claims to be " del ivered to them; and if the same " shall be admitted by the said chard Hill, or if such Claim shall be objected to by him, or any " other Person or Persons interested " therein, and it shall, by! the Determination of the said Coramif-. " sioners, or by a Trial at Law to

" be had as aforesaid, appear that " the said Andreio Corbet is Lord " and Owner of the Soil of any ,l Part of the Commons or Waste " Lands within the said Township " of Grinjhill, that then and in " either of the said Cafes, the said " Commissioners shall, and are

"hereby required to set out and " allot to the said Andreio Corbet,

" One Fourteenth Part of such of " the Commons or Waste Lands " within the said Township of " Grinjhill, to the Soil whereof he " shall appear to be intitled as " aforesaid, in lieu of and as a Compensation for the fame; any " Thing herein before contained " to the contrary hereof notwithstanding."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time* was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir George Yonge do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Watuoi Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Proposal of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, with the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; both which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Proposal and Resolution were read; and are as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled.

The Governor and Company of the Bank of England humbly propose.

That they advance the Sum of 2,000,000 for the Public Service, in the Manner following;

£. 1,000,000 on or before the 15th Day of November next, and £. 1,000,000 on or before the 15th Day of February 1782, on Exchequer Bills, to be made forth by virtue of an Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament, bearing Interest at the Rate or Premio of £. 3 per Cent, per Annum; the said Interest to be paid Quarterly; and the said Exchequer Bills to be charged and chargeable upon, and repaid by and out of, the First Aids or Supplies which shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year 1784; and in case sufficient Aids or Supplies should not be granted for that Purpose before the 5th Day of April 1784, the same to be charged and chargeable upon, and be repaid out of, the Sinking Fund.

And they humbly further propose. That they be continued a Corporation, with the foie Power of Banking, for the Term of Twenty five Years from the lit August 1787, with all Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Exemptions, and Privileges, they now enjoy, by virtue or in pursuance of their Charter, or of any Act or Acts of Parliament; redeemable afterwards on a Year's Notice, and the Repayment of all the Principal Money, and also the Payment of all the I nterest Money which shall be then due and owing to them upon all such Tallies, Exchequer Orders, Exchequer Bills, or Parliamentary Funds, which they shall have remaining in their Hands, or be entitled to, at the Time of such Notice to be given as aforesaid (such Funds, for the Redemption whereof Provision is already made in any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, always and only excepted) they continuing a Corporation, with an ,-exclusive Power of Banking, notwithstanding such Notice given, till all the Money due to the Bank as aforesaid shall be paid them.

Signed by Order of the Court of Directors,

Bobert Leioin, Secretary.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That

a i Geo. III. 14* yunii, g 1 7

Thht towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty* the Proposal of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of T'vd Millions on Exchequer Bills, upon such Terms and Condition^ as are therein mentioned, be accepted.

The said Resolution, being read a Second Time, Was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the l louse.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Ord, the Lord North, the Lord Westcote, the Lord Sir Richard , Nr.Duller, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Ewer, Mr. Jackson, Sir Grey , and Mr. John Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Haft Indii The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Company's resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Profits. upon the Bill for securing to the Public the Payment of Three-fourth Parts of the Net Profits of the East India Company at Home, above the Sum of £.8 per Centum per Annum upon the Capital Stock of the said Company, which have accrued from the First Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, to the First Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one;

Ordered, That the Account of the Balances in Favour of the East India Company in England, resulting from the Whole of their Trade and Territorial Revenues in India, from the ill of March 1774 to the ill of March 1781, distinguishing each Year, and an Abstract of fitch Balances, with the Disposition of the fame, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Statement or Account of the Annual Profit and Loss upon the Whole of the Trade and Revenues of the East India Company, together with a State of the Debts of the said Company in England, exclusive of their Bond Debt, to the 1 ft Day of March in every Year, from the ift Day of September 1773 to the ift Day of March last, being the Account directed to be prepared and presented to the Lords of the Treasury, by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, according to a Plan laid down in the Third Report of the Secret Committee on the State of the East India Company, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Bond and other Debts of the East India Company, in England, from the 31st January 1780 to the present Time, distinguishing the Debts of each Year, the Payments thereof, and at what Time and in what Manner the fame, or any Part thereof, has been discharged, be referred to the said Committee.

And a Motion being made,' and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair j

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller, for tl,e Yeas. }, S.

{Mr. Fox, 7

Sir Philip Jennings > 25. (Jlerke:

s So it was rbfolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they bad beard Counsel, and examined a Witness, in Behalf of the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies-, and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday . Morging next.

Vm. 38.

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay befofe this House, an Account of the Comparative View of the Debts and Credits of the Company in England, as per Annual Accounts of 1778 and 1781.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of Kingston upon in Common Council assembled;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning nexl, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itfe'f into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting the Importation of Orchilla Weed, during the present Hostilities, from any Place whatsoever, in British, Irish, or Neutral Ships.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair*

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. 1

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider of taking off the Duties now payable on the Importation of certain Mineral Drugs into this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered That Sir Grey Cooper have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Eight of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That this Hopfe will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideratkm the permitting Sugars of the Growth of Denierary and EJfeto be imported into Great Britain, upon Payment of the like Duties, and under the like Regulations and Restrictions* as Sugars of the British Islands in the West Indies, '

Sir Richard Sutton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to veil certain " Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, " in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty's " Docks, Ships, and Stores at Plymouth and Sheerness, " and for better defending the Passage of the River " Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort," as relates to the Security of His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores at Plymouth: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Sutton have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

A Bill for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding 6 Q the

£Uft fndii; poiripany'l Deoc, &c.

Whale

fishery*

Importation of Orchilla Wood*

Duties oft Mineral Drugs.

Duties bn P*'merary Sugars.

Security of the Dock Yards*

Discovery of the Looguude.

14° — 15° Junii> <1*7 8 t.

the Longitnde at Sea, or making other'useful Dif-coveries and Improvements in Navigation, and ;for making Experiments relating thereto; was read a Second Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed.

Refilled, That the Bill be committed to a Committee ol" the whole House.

Refilled, That this Housewill, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tortnorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 150 Junii;

Anno 21* Georgii Ifl*a Regis, 1781.

V. A Y £ R S.

Adjournment. JgESOL'VED, That this House wtll, at tlieRifing

* of the House'this Day, adjourn till Morn-

ing next.

Hellfbn Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ' the Clerk of the Crown, to make oat a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Philip Esquire, who,

since 'his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty's Manor of Hendred, in the County of Berks.

A Message from the 'Lords, -by Mr. and Mr,

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

S»PPjy B,fl; The Lords have agreed to the BiH, intituled, An IS" Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bids, for -the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one; without any Amendment: And also,

Mawafatlurt: The Lords have -agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

' for extending the Provisions of Three Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, and in the Tenth and Nineteenth Years of His present Majesty!s -‘Reign, for granting a Bounty on certain "Species of Brki/ltand Irish Linens exported, to and

Irish Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted, or Rained m Great Britain, and to Buckrams and Tilletings, exported, during the Timetherem limited; -and for taking off the Duties payable upon the Importation of that Species of Blue called Smalls-, without any Amendment: And . also,

shlWtTd0f The ^or^3 have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An for Srnug- Act for further fecuting the Property of the Owners gling. in such'Ships or Vessels as are liable to Forfeiture for

importing Spirits or other "Goods, by the Mil'couduft of the Mailers, Mates, and Seamen; without any Amendment: And also,

Quartering The Lords ha\>2 agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act, made in the Twentieth during Cf Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, Ele&iom. " An Act for exempting the City of Winchester, the " County of Southampton, the Town of Shrewsbury, and " the County of Salop, out of the Provisions of an Act, " made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An 44 Act for regulating the quartering of Soldiery, during the Time of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament," lb far as the same relates to the Removal of Troops during Hie Elections of Members to serve 18

44 in Parliament, -for a limited Timeany Amendment: And also,

The Lords -have -agreed *to.she Bill, dutituled, /An HanSury Act. for dividing -and inclosing eerlain'Comnvoiis.ami Ixjc1ou«. Waste Grounds within the Parish-of in the County of Worcester-, -with an Amendment; ito which Amendment the JLoFds<desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Me Hangers withdrew.

Sir 'Herbert Mackwovth presented to the ‘House, Stealing according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Ac.

Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his date Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "Au Act " for the more effectual punidling Stealers of Lead and " Iron Bars fixed -to Houses or any >Fenees behonging the reuntoAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refilled, That the Bill be rend a Second Time.

Sir Herbert Mackworthpresented to the House, Stealing ant

according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend :an receiving of Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the lieign xif 4c-

his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

44 An Act for more effectually discouraging and preventipg the (dealing, and the buying and receiving,

44 of stolen Lead, I-foii, Copper, Brass, Bell 'Metal, and " Solder, and;formore effectually brifiging!theO£Fenders to Justice:" And the same was ireceived; aitd.mdd the Find Time.

Re/blved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Iloule being informed that Sir attended at the Door; he was oalled in; and, -at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Expenditure of the Money Somrtfct granted ,in the last Setfiou -of Parliament for Somerset Iiou(e-House.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Orff, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred of Ordiilb to CQufider of permitting the I-ruportation of Or-chilla WetA Weed, during the present Hostilities, from any Place whatsoever, in British, Irish, or Neutral Ships; the ELesolution which the Committee had directed himto report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at -the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and ,is as followed),* viz.

Refilled, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Importation of OrchiUa Weed be permitted, during the present Hostilities, from any Place whatsoever, in British, Irish, or Neutral Ships.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Questiou put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it he an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled,44 An Act for the lessening the Duty upoaTin " and Pewter exported, and granting-an Equivalent for 14 the same by a Duty upon Drugs," so for as the same relates to the Importation of Drugs from the Russian Dominions, That they do make Provisioa in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Dttt;rt M Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Mineral ferred to consider of tuking off the Duties now payable on

foe

Supply Bill; Advance rom the Bank.

Accountants

Balances.

Lymlngton

Writ.

Duties on

JDemerary

Sugars.

Insolvent

Defeats.

24 GfcO. III.

vi$b JufdL

the Importation of certain Mineral Drugs into fhis Ref That this -llonfe 'will, ilpdri Kingdom, the Resolution which the'Committee Irad Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the directed him to report to the House; which he read whole House, upon the said Bill, in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the*Cte»‘k's

Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow- APetition of the Debtors committed to 'Clerkenwell h.solvebt eth; viz. Bridewell, between the 7th of June and the oilt of ^eb*hu

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion ofthisGorOmittee, October 1780* was presented to the House, and read;

That -Cobalt be (permitted to be imported into this Setting forth. That the Petitioners, having been under Kingdom, daring the present Hostilities, in British, the Necessityof absconding from their Homes, were Irish, or neutral Vessele, free of Duty. not taken and committed to Gaol until after the .7th

The said Bdsolution being read a Second Time* of June 1780, although Executions Were out against was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by them for many Months before; and that their'CotW the House. finement is conrpulfiVe, and not a Voluntary Act of

Ordered, That it'beanlnftrttftionto the Gentlemen, their own, with a View to take Advantage of any Act who areifjppoin&ed'to prepare,-and bring in, a Bill to of Insolvency: And therefore-praying the House to explain -and amend an Act, made in the 'Eighth and take their'miserable Situation into Consideration, anil Ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, grant them such Relief as shall seem meet; which 1 hey intituled, "An Act for the lessening t:l<e Duty-Upon are induced to hope for from the Smallness of their " Tin and P«vter exported, and granting an Fquiva- Debts, they in the Whole amounting to little more " lent lor the same by a Duty upon Drugs," so far than £. 400; and as all Acts of Insolvency include as the same relates to the Importation of Drugs from those that are under Bail at a limited Time, the Pfti- '

the RuJJian Dominions, That they do make Provision tioners -trull that they who have been fuedto an Execu-in the taid J Bill, ,pursuant to the said Resolution. tion before the 7th of June, and in dftifal Confine*

ment -upwards of Nine Months, may be thought ok Sir Grey hooper presented <to the House, according great Objects of Relief as those only under'Bail.

so-Order, a Bill for eilablifiiing an Agreement with the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Consideration of the Committee of tire whole Housev advancing the Sum of Two Millions towards the Sup- to whom the Bill for the Relief of Info! vent Debtors ifc ply for the -Service of the Year One thousand Seven committed.

hundred and Eighty-one: And the same wasTtoeived; Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-

and read, the First Time. Writtee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or

Atfolued, That the Bill be read a Second time. Clauses, for the Relief of Bankrupts, under certain

Restrictions and Limitations.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, ah Account -of the -Balances due from the several Accountants with the Publics, whose Aocourtts are made hp by tire Auditors of Rite hnprefts, but trot declared, and Wvldoh hare not been delivered to the Commissioneta for ftaiing-tlre Public Actewnmts.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his "Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to Make otst a hew Wirk for the electing of a -Bnrgeft to fetve in fho> present Parliament for the Borough of rn the Comity

-of -Southampton, in the room of Duihmer,

Esquire, deceaseid.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a CotawHttee of the Whole -Honfe, to take into Consideration the permitting Sugars of the Growth of Defheruryand Ejffeqvibo to be imported into Great Britain, upon Payment of the like Dudes, and under the like Regulations and Restrictidos, as Sugars Of the British Blands its Hie be bow

/each 1

And the said Order being read accordingly-;

The House resolved itself -into the said Colftmistee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took tire Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker nefumed the Chair.

Mr. OrW reported Tram the ComtniWefe, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had dirft&ed -him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

A Bill for continuing in the Pofiession of the United Company of Merchants of E to the Indies, for a further Time to be limited, and under certain Conditions, the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East j for en-

abling the said Company, under certain Restrictions, to borrow, under the Seal of thfe said Company, any Sum of Money, not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pbunis; for reviving and 'continuing, for a further Time to be limited-, so much of an Act, made in the Tlfhteefcth Year of t lie Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establtilling certain Regulations w for the bdtter Management of thte Affairs of the " East India Company, as well as in

as bath ekpived in the Cortrfe of the present Year; and also, dbr establkbing Certain other Regulations for the like Purposes, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rtfbh&d, That the Bill be committed to a Costirtrft-tee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morti* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading tb the fenft Indies, Which was presented to the House upon wtdntejday sass, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Seeohd Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of thte Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Territofii* of the East India Company*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rcfclved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee -of the whole House.

Vol. 38.

Ml*. Powys reported froth the Committee, to whom Dunehurch, the Bill for more effectually repairing the Road from fee. 'the Dun Coto, in the Town of Dunchurch, to the Town

Roguetand

-Vagabonds*

Clandestine

Marriages.

Enforcing Payment of the Land Tax.

Supply Bill; Duties on 'Chocolate.

52° t56

of Hillmorton, in the County of IVanvkk, and from

thence to Saint James End, in the Parish of Dvjion, in the County of Northampton; and for repealing the several I.a\\s now in Force relating to the said Hoad, was committed ;That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill to amend and render more effectual the several Laws in being relative to Hogues, Vagabonds, Beggars, and other idle and disorderly Persons, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, Sir George Yonge,&c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " the better preventing of clandestine Marriages

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Mahon, ] 9°-

Tellers for the Noes, j } *7-

So it was-resolved in the Affirmative. i

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed.

'Rejoiced,.That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

ResolvedThat this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for the better enforcing the Payment of the Monies arising by the Land Tax raised in Great Britain, and for the more speedy Recovery of Debts due to the Crown, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole Floufe.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing uext, pefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in GY cat Britain, and for granting certain Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts in lieu thereof; for the better and inure effectual securing the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under the Management of the Corner

missioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready Payment of the Allowances to be made to Brewers out of the additional Duties implied on Malt; ami for rectifying a Mistake Mian Act, made in this present Session of Parliament,

JumL A. 1781.

with respect to the exethpting of Candles from the additional Duty of Five Pounds per Centum upon the Duties of Excise, imposed by the said Act;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Forty Independent Companies of Foot, to be raised, for 275 Days, from 25th March 1781* to 24th December following, both inclusive, be referred to the said Commit ee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Forty Independent Companies of Foot, to be raised, from 25th March 1781 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 275 Days, be referred to the said Committtee.

Ordered, That the Paper intituled, " State of certain Sums of Levy Money voted for an Augmeutation to several Regiments of Foot, for the Year " 1779, which remain uniflued in consequence of the " said Regiments having been reduced to lower Num-" bers for the current Year," be referred to the said " Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of such Monies as remained in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1781, subject to the Disposition of Parliament, exclusive of the Surplus then remaining of the Sinking Fund, be referred to the said Committee-

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the-Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker reftimed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Orrfalfo acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Ma-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ur.

Wiyi and Mu*

Supplj.

Discorerj of the Longitude

arGfco. III. 150 — 18 'Junit. tet

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to-report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next*

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next* Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 18° die Junii $

Anno 2t* Georgii III111 Regis* 1781.

Prayers.

meKercfc* A ingrossfed Bill for more effectually repairing the tc.Road* jljL Road from The Dun in the Town of

church, to the Town of in the County of

Warwick, and from thence to Saint James's End, in the Parish of Duston, in the County of Northampton, and for repealing the several Laws now in Force relating to the said Road, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pafsi And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually repairing, the Road from The Dun Cow, in the Town of Dunchurch, to the Town of Hillmbrton, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Saint James's End, in the Parish of Dujton, in the County of Northampton; and for re* pealing the several Laws now in Force relating to the said Road.

Ordered, That Sir George Sliuck do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deGre their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Beckwith from Account it His Majesty's Imprest Office, attended at the Door; he Was Called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of Balances due to Government from the Persons therein mentioned, whose Accounts are made up in the Offices of the Auditors of His Majesty's Imprefts, but are not declared, and which do not appear, by the Books of their Offices, to have been delivered to the Commissioners for Hating the Public Accounts.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as followeth; viz.

An ACCOUNT of Balances due to Government from the following Persons, whose Accounts are made up in the Offices of the Auditors of His Majesty's Imprefts, but are not declared, and which do not Appear, by the Books of their Offices, to have been delivered to the Commissioners for Hating the Public Accounts.

- - UtJUt AtO-AA AAA

Sir William Udtoe, late Commander in Chief in North America

Zachary Philip Fannereau, Esquire, deceased, and Sir Merrick Bnrrdl, Baronet. Coiitraftors for furnishing the Garrison of Gibraltar with Provisions, from 12th May 1777 to 17th January 1779 *

John Richardfm, Esquire, deceased, Agent to the Out Penfloners of Hospital,

from 25th December 1773 to 24th Jane 1774 - -

John Bray, 7 D.

rA i v a

<£ s- d. 18,723 13 it

*>357 *4 —

8,848 X 4*

N. B. The Balance due from Sir William Er/kineon the Foot of his declared Account, as "

Quarter MaHer General of the Forces, from 25th December 1776 to 30th June 177$, Up- j pears to be 8ot. or. 8 Id. which Balance has been Tent in to the Commissioners of Accounts, but as his Receipts and Payments areat 4#. 8 the Dollar, and the Balance being k to be pRid in England at the Rate of 4r. 6d. the Dollar, the true Sterling Value thereof, there arises a Loss to the said Sir William Erskine of^.28.1 is. id. which was omitted to 1 be credited by him in his Account; the nett Money to be paid into the Exchequer is j

Auditor's Office,

18th June 1781.

L

77®

r. 4,

H

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred toconsider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House being informed that Mr. Pozoell, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Account of An Account of the Produce of the Rates and Dufies Outieton granted by an Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, on certain Foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom, being the Payments made Vot. 38.

into the Lxchetfudr froii the nft of ifag2767 (the Commencement of this Act) to the 5th of JaSamry 1781.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title Of the ford Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be pern fed by the Members of the House.

The said Accbont is preferred amongst the . other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Michell, from JuA twSai the United Company of Merchants of England trading Debt* and to the East Indies, attended at the Door; he was called Cr«dlts-

6 R in;

1

Supply Bill Advance fro#ntfee - Bank.

Duties on Demerary Sugar#.

Supply.

524 i;8 'Junii*A. 1781.

in; and, at the Bar, prefen ted to the House, pursuant of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, lie Applied towards to their Order, making good the Supply granted to Hfis Majesty. x

An Account of the Comparative View of the Debts RThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, and Credits of the Company in England, as per Annual That a Sum not exceeding Fifty-One thousand Seven Accounts of 177 8 and 1781. hundred l'orty-seven Pounds Seventeen Shillings and

And then he withdrew. Six Pence, out of the Monies or Savings of the Sums

And the Title of the said Account was read. voted by Parliament for the Charge Of several Aug-

The said Account is preserved amongli the other mentations to His Majesty's Forces, for the Year Papers of this Session. 1780, be applied towards making good the Sifpply

granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the extra-A Bill for establishing an Agreement with the Go- ordinary Expences of "His Majesty's Land Forces, and vernor and Company of the Bank of England, for ad- other Services incurred between the 31st Day of January vaucing the Sum of Two Millions towards the Supply 1780 and the ill Day of February 1781, and not pro-for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven lnm-. vided for by Parliament.

dred and Eighty-one, was read a Second Time. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed. That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five thousand Five

' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee hundred and One Pounds, remaining of the Sums voted

of the whole House. for Levy Money for an Augmentation to several Regi-

Resolved, That this House win, Tomorrow Morn- ments of Foot for the Year 1779, in consequence'of ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the said Regiments having been reduced to lower Nura-i/pon the said Bill. bers for the current Year, be applied towards making '

good the Supply granted to His Majesty, towards de- Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the fraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Committep of the whole House, to whom it was re- Land Forces, and other Services incurred between the ferred to take into Consideration the permitting Sugars 31st Day of January 1780 and the First Day of February of the Growth of Demerary and Effequibo to be irti- 1781, and not provided for by Parliament, ported into Great Britain, upon Payment of the like Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Duties, and under the like Regulations and Restric- That a Sum not exceeding Fourteen thousand Three tions, as Sugars of the British Islands in the West Indies; hundred Seventy-nine Pounds Fight Shillings and Ten

the Resolution which the Committee had directed him Pence, out of the Monies or Savings remaining of the to report to the House; which he read in his Place; Sums voted by Parliament for the Year 1780, for the and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Pay of several Corps of Infantry, be applied towards

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, to-Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ‘ wards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His That Sugars, the Growth of Demerary and Effequibo, Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services incurred be permitted to be imported into Great Britain, upon between the 31st Day of January 1780 and the id Day Payment of the like Duties, and under the like Re- of February 1781, and not provided for by Parlia-ftfi&ions, as Sugars of the British Islands in the JVieft ment.

Indies. The said Resolutions being severally read a Second

The .'said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the upon, agreed to by the House.

House.

Ordered, That it be an Iristruction to the Gentlemen Complaint being made to the House, of several Privilege; who are appointed to prepare, and bring in,a Bill to ex- Abtifes, in the charging with the Duty of Postage fe- Franking-plain and amend an Act4 made in the Eighth and Ninth veral Letters directed to the Honourable John LuttreH,

Years of the Reign of KiYig William the Third, inti- a Member of this House;

tuled, " An Act for the leflemrig the Duty upon Tin and Ordered, That the said Complaint be referred to the " Pewter exported, and granting an Equivalent for the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exasame by a Duty upon Drugs," so far as the same mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their relates to the Importation of Drugs from the Russian Opinion thereupon, to the House: .

Dominions, That they do make Provision in the said And it is referred to Mr. Charles Sir George

Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution. Yonge, Mr. Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Ord, Sir James

Cockburne, Mr. Luttrell, the Lord , Mr.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Dodd, Mr. Gilbert, the Lord the Lord West-

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred cote, Mr. Mr. Banks, Mr. , Mr. PUi,

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Mr. Sir George Shuckburgh, Mr. Parry, Mr.

Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which Hartley, Mr. , Mr. St. John, Mr. Elzccs, Sir

the Committee had directed him to report to the Richard Sutton, Mr. Eyre, Mr. Turner, Mr. Alderman House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards Wilkethe Lord Sir Sir delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same Hogliton, the Earl Nugent, Mr. Mr. Dempster,

were read; and are as followeth; viz.Mr. Jackson, Sir White Ridley, Mr. Percival,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mr. Bacon: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-That towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; jesty, there lie applied the Sum of Sixteen thousand and have Power to fend for Persons, Pa|>ers, and Re--Eight hundred'Seventy-'nine.Pounds Six Shillings and cords; and all who come to the Committee are to Eight Pence Halfpenny, remaining in the Receipt of have Voices, the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1781, subject

to the Disposition of Parliament, exclusive of the Sur- A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and plus , then remaining of the Sinking Fund. Mr. Pepys:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mr. Speaker,

That such of the Monies as shall be paid into the Re- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Supply Bill;

ceipt of the Exchequer after the 5th Day of April 1781, Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Excheqiw and on or before the 5th Day of April 1782, of the Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One ®‘lh. Produce of the Duties charged by Two Acts, made in thousand Seven hundred and Eighty one; without any the Fifth and "Fourteenth Years of His present Ma- Amendment: And also,

jesty's Reign, upon the Importation and Exportation The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

A<a

'otttinissioners of Public Accounts.

‘reventing rofanatioQS f Sunday.

repnty and ftckncy

!ourt of lecord.

Grermvich

Hospital

Fowater's

EiUfcc.

Slower

Navigation.

Prpfton Billet t Inclosure.

Kington

laclosure.

iefidente of the Clergy.

21 Geo. lit.

8* Junii.

Act for continuingandamerkling an Act, made in the - last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and date, the Public Accounts of the Kingdoin; and to report what Balances are iii the Hands " of Accountants, which may be applied to the Publie Service, and what Defects there are in the present " Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accoimting for. Public Money, and in what more txpedi-tious and effectual, and lets expensive Manner, the " said Services can in future be regulated and carried " on for the Benefit of the Public;" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing certain Abusesand Profanations on the Lord's Day called Sunday , without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for diminishing the Fees payable, and altering the Mode of Proceeding, in the Court of Record within the Manors of Siepney and , in the County of

Middlesex, the Hamlets and Liberties of the fame; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectually securing to the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greeall such forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prize and Bounty Money as shall a rife from or in respect of any Prizes to be condemned and foid in His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Sea, and to compel the more speedy Payment thereof; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Bozcater, Esquire, to grant Leases in Possession or Reversion of a Dock Yard and Land at Woolwich, in the County of Kent (being Part of his

settled Eft ate), to the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty s Navy, in Behalf of, His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; without, any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing new Commissioners, for continuing to carry into Execution the Trails and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act " for making the River Slower navigable from ih,e " Town of Maningtree in the County of r, to the " Town of Sudbury in ,the County of in the

Room and Place of those named in the said Act, who are since dead; and for explaining and amending the said Act, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within and belonging to the Manor and Pari Hi of Preston Bijfelt, in the County of Bucks; with l'ome Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and indofing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Land, within the Manor and Parish of Kington, in the County of Worcester-, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend art Act, made In the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to promote the Residence

" of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for " the more speedy and effectual building, re-building,

" repairing, or purchasing Houses, and other necessary " Buildings and Tenements, for the Use of their Benefiees," was read the Third Time.

Vol. 38;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to promote the Residence of the " Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more " speedy and effectual building, re-building, repairing,

" or purchasing Houses, and other necessary Buildings " and Tenements, for the Use of their Beuefices."

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several Prisoners for Debt in tVook Insolvent Street Compter, Iwndon, was presented to the House, Debtors, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have been arrested and taken in Execution since the Seventh of June last, for Debts due (and for which Writs were issued dut against them) prior to that Day, and are confined with Felons in Rooms, the Windows of which are all broken, and the Roof in such had Repair, that the Rain comes through in many Places, to the great Danger of the Petitioners Lives; and that the Petitioners are desirous of making all the Satlsfaction in . their Power, by delivering np their Effects for the Be*-nefit of such Creditors whose Debts accrued due before the Seventh of June last: And therefore praying.

That a Clause may be inserted in the intended Act for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, to discharge the Petitioners, or that they may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the East India Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Company's securing to the Public the Payment of Three-fourth 10 te" Parts of the Net Profits of the East India Company at Home, above the Sum of £. 8 per Centum per Annum upon the Capital Stock of the said Company, which have accrued from the First Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, to the First Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had di-rested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the BilJj with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to cor.fider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, as it flood on the 31st December 1780, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion being made. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of a Compensation to be made to such Persons as have sustained Losses by reason of the rebellious Insurrections in the Month of June 1780;

The Lord North, by His Majesty's Command,' acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the House, the Consideration of a Compensation to be made to such Persons as have sustained Losses by reason of the rebellious Insurrections in the Month of June 1780.

Ordered, That it be an Inftrrtftion to the' said Coirt-

mittee, That they do consider of a Compensation to be made to inch Persons as have sustained Losses by reason of the rebellious Insurrections in the Month of June 1780.

Ordered, That the Book, intituled, " Report from the

Ways and Means.

Discovery of the JLttdg&tfde.

Hanbury

Inclosure.

5H

the Officers of Hte Majesty *s Works, relating to the Loflfefc drtd Damages ftiftained in the late rebellions " Instirreftiotis 1780," be Preferred to the fiiid Committee.

Theh the* Hdiite rfefolVcd itlself into the said Committed Ml*. Speaker left the Cftkih Mt Ord tobk the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Spihker refunded the Chair,

Mr. Ord reported froth the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-r£&63 him to repbrt, Wheti the HoiiFe will please to

fft&ivC the same.

Ordered, That the Report be Vefceived To-rhbri'oW

180 — 190 Junii.

A\ 1781.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day* for the House to rfefolVe itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted 16 His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Gr-ddrbd, That the Reports of the Cototaissioners appointed th examine, take:, and statfe the Public Ac* eotmtB of the Kingdom, which weife pVefented to the House upon the 7th Day of Marth and the gth Day of April last, be referred to tfte said Committee.

Ordered, That tire Account of the Balances in Favour of the East India Company in England, resultingfi otn the Whole of their Trade and Territorial Revenues in /ferf/tf>from the ift of March 1774 to the iff; of M'ftrch 1781, distinguishing each Year, and an Abstract of inch Balances, with the Disposition of the fame, be referred to the fold Committee.

Offered* That the Account of the Comparative View xtf the Debth knd Credits of the Company in England, tasper Afmdal Accounts of 1778 and 1781> be referred 1x> thblaid Goimniltee.

Then the Mbufe resolved itself into thfe said Committee.

Mrt Speaker left die Chai r.

Mr. Ord took the Ohair of tfte Committee.

Mr. Speaker refmwfed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they hitidcOiheto several ReWftitrone; which they had di-.tested him to report, whett the House will please to receive tile farab.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported froth th'e Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for eontinuiftg Vhfe Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or inakingbther useful DifCoVeriCs and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments re*-latittc tft'ereto, was committed; the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had direlEted him to report to the House; and he rekd the Report in his Place; and afterwards deliVCrCcl the BnV, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

the Houte proceeded to take into Confederation the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and watte (Grounds, within tile Parish of Banbury, in the County of Worcester.

Alia the said Amendment was read; and is as fol-foweth; viz,

Frefc 25. Line 46. After u other" itifert " Pro-i( vided always, That no " Exchange ill all be made cc of all or any Part of the

Allotment to be set out by virtue of this Act to tte <c said William Bur/fcm, of his u Successors, as Rectors of " the said Parish, without tlte " Consent and Approbation " under the Hand and Seal " of the Btshop of Worcejift <c for the Time being."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time* w as, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment' made by their Lord ships.

W:/ .

The other Orcferof the Day being read 4

Rtfviv&d, That this House will, upon this Day Two Months, resolve itlself into a Committee uf the Whole House, to confeder of the Petition of the Mayor and Biirgtesses of the Town of Kingston upon Hulk, in Common Council assembled.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisj 190 die Junii 5

Anno 2i° Georgii llltb Regis, 1781*

Prayers.

AM ESS A G E, by Mr. Quttrme, Yeoman Ulher Royal a flat of the Black Rod: to fiiUs.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed Upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance Of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the De-Ti're of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission Under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Affect to the several public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also itnpowering the Lord Archbishop of 'Gtirittrhiry, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain,

Ihe Lord JYeftdent of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Aifent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbun/y and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Amhwjt, named also h\ the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Afferit to the said Bills: Which BHlS are afis Foi-loweth; tiz.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans Or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Teat One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-otie:

An Act for raising a further Suih of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One, thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one:

An Act for preventing certain Abuses and Pfotafictions on the LordYs Day, Called Sunday:

An Act for continuing and amending an Act, made iti the said Session of Parliament. iOtituled, An Act <c for appointing and enablini^CommissionOrs to exa-f< mine, take, and state the Public Accounts Of the " Kingdom, and to report What Balances fere in the 19 . "Hands

r Geo. III. 19* Junii. 525

" Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to Small Debts within the To wn anil Liberties of Beverley^ Royal Affr

" the Public Service* and what Defeats there are in in the County of , and the several Pari (lies of the to "*

" the present Mode of receiving, co'iefting,- issuing* same Town:

" and accounting for, Public Money, and in what An Act for amending, regulating, cleansing, lighting,

" more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive watching, and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Lanes,

" Manner, the Paid Services can in future be regulated and Passages, within the Borough of The Devizes, in

" and carried on for the Benefit of the Public:" the County of Wilts-, and for preventing Nuisancea,

An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the Annoyances, and Obstructions therein:

Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain within An Act for the better maintaining and regulating of several Ports and Places therein mentioned: the Poor within the Town of Plymouth Dock and Parish

An Act for extending the Provisions of Three Acts* of Stoke Damarell, in the County of Devon; and for made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty* paving, cleansing, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and and in the Tenth and Nineteenth Years of His present Passages, and removing and preventing Encroachments,

Majesty's Reign, for granting a Bounty on certain Nuifauces, and Annoyances, and regulating the Drivers Species of British and Irish Linens exported, to British of Coaches, Chaises, and Carts, and also Chairmen and Irish Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons, or and Porters, within the said Town:

Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted, or stained An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, in Great Britain, and to Buckrams and Tilletings, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's exported, during the Time therein limited; and for Reign, for performing several Works, and making taking off the Duties payable upon the Importation of Improvements, within the University and City of that Species of Blue called Smalts: Oxford, and the Suburbs thereof, and in the adjoining An Act for further securing the Property of the Parish of Saint Clement:

Owners in such Ships or Vessels as are liable to For- An Act for appointing new Commissioners, forcon-feitnre for importing Spirits or other Goods, by the tinuing to carry into Execution the Trulls and Powers Misconduct of the Matters, Mates, and Seamen: of an Act, passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the

An Act to enable John Bowater, Esquire, to grant Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An LeafeS in Possession or Reversion of a Dock Yard and " Act for making the River Stoioer navigable, from the Land at Woolwich, in the County of Kent (being Part " Town of Maningtree in the County of Essex, to the

of his settled Estate), to the principal Officers and " Town of Sudbury in the Cotmty of Suffolk," in the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, in Behalf of His Room and Place of those named in the said Act, who Majesty, His Heirs and Successors: are since dead; and for explaining and amending the

An Act for the more effectually securing to the Royal said Act; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, all such forfeited An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two and unclaimed Shares of Prize and Bounty Money as Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of His shall arise from or in respect of any Prizes to be present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road condemned and fold in His Majesty's Dominions be- from through Wantage, to Hungerford, in

yond the Sea, and to compel the more speedy Payment the County of Berks, and from Wantage to thereof: in the County of Wilts, and from the Turnpike Road

An Act for continuing an Act, made in the between Reading and Wallingford, through Halfpenny Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Lane, to The Old upon Wantage Downs,

intituled, "An Act for exempting the City of Win- and from thence to Lambourn, in the said County of " chester, the County of Southampton, the Town of Berks-, and for amending the Road through " Shrewsbury, and the County of Salop, out of the Pro- Lane, instead of the said Road through Halfpenny Lane:

" visions of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge

" Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, the Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Twentyintituled, "An Act for regulating the Quartering of eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George " Soldiers during the Time of the Elections of Mem- the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing an! widenbers to serve in Parliament," so far as the same relates " ing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, in the West " to the Removal of Troops during the Elections of " Riding of the County of York, through Otley, Skipton,

" Members to serve in Parliament, for a limited Time:" " Colne, Burnley, and Blackburn, to BurJ'covgh Bridget An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the " in Walton, in the County of and from

Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, " Skthrough Gisburn and to intituled, "An Act to prevent the Exportation to "in the said County of Lancaster," as relates to the " Foreign Parts of Utensils made use of in the Cotton, Roads from Cobie to Blackburn, and from Blackburn to " Linen, Woollen, and Silk Manufactures of this Burscough Bridge:

" Kingdom An Act for enabling the Trustees for executing Two-

An Act for further continuing and amending the Acts, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of several Acts passed for preventing the Frauds and King George the Second, and in the Thirteenth Year Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Road from Kettering, in the County of Northampton,

Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and to Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks, to take the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint down the Turnpike erected in Sherrington Field, in the Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint said County of Bucks, and to remove the same to the Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex: North End of Sherrington Bridge, in the said County j

An Act for diminishing the Fees payable, and alter- An Act for more effectually amending, widening, ing the Mode of Proceeding, in the Court of Record and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the East End within the Manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the of the Town of Chard, to the South End of West County of Middlesex, the Hamlets and Liberties of the Moor, and from the West End of Yeovil Turnpike fame: Road, through Ilmi/ler, to Kenny Gate, and from the

An Act for building a new Church and Rectory West End of Pease Marsh Lane to Horton Elm, and House within the Parish of Efcrick, in the County of from Rane jlill to Ilmifter, and from White Cross York-, and for confirming an Agreement with the to Chillington Down, and from a Place called Three Rector of the said Parish, for exchanging and exone- Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to Bridge Cross, in the rating from Tythes certain Lands and Tenements in County of:

Efcrick aforesaid: An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Vol. 3?. v 6 S King

c26 i o° Juniud.17 % 1.

Royal Assent King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for to Bills, tc amending and widening the Roads leading from c< Stretford's Bridge, in the County of Hereford, to " The Netv Inn, in the Parish of Winftantow, in the " County of Salop, and also the Road from Blue Mantle " Hall, near Mortimer's Cross, to Aymejlrey, in the said County of Hereford; and for repealing so much of " an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign <c of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from * Mortimer's Cross to Aymejlrey Bridge "

An Act for vesting several Lands and Hereditaments therein mentioned, of which Jacob Earl of Radnor is Tenant for Life, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, instead thereof:

An Act for divelting the Inheritance in Fee Simple of divers Manors, Messuages, Farms, Rectories,* Advowsons, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, Rents, and Hereditaments, of the Right honourable James Earl of Salisbury, out of Charles Banks, and his Heirs, and for Veiling the same in Trustees, and their Heirs, to* for, and upon such of the several Uses, Trulls, Powers, Provisoes, Ends, Intents, and Purposes, mentioned and declared in and by an Indenture of Release of the' Nineteenth Day of June, One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-eight, as remain to be performed, or are capable of taking Effect:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Edmund Shapes, Esquire, in Honeifig, in the County of Norfolk, in the said Edmund Shapes, in Fee Simple; and for settling an Estate of the said Edmund Shapes, in Rollejby Burgh, alias Burrow and Repps, in the same County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof:

An Act for vesting divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Suffer, and Kent, being Part of the settled Estates of John Radclife, 6f Hitchin, in the County of Hertford, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, fttuate and being in the Counties of Hertford and Bedford, or one of them, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of John Baker, Esquire, in Folkstone, in the County of Kent, in the said John Baker, in Fee Simple; and for settling another Estate of the said John Baker, in the said County of Kent, of equal Value, in lieu thereof:

An Act to confirm and establish an Agreement, for cancelling and making void a Settlement of certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the North Riding of the County of York, the Estates of the Honourable Ann Fairfax, Spinster; and for making another Settlement of the same Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, to the Uses mentioned in such Agreement:

' An Act for effectuating the Sale of a Freehold Estate of Aim Pinnock, an Infant, at New Windsor, in the County of Berks, pursuant to an Agreement with Thomas Tildefley, Gentleman:

An Act for effecting an Exchange between John Pratchitt and William Pratchitt, Gentlemen, of their Estates in the Counties of Stafford and Salop; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for confirming and carrying into Execution certain Articles of Agreement, made between the Devisee and Heirs at Law of Frederick Lord Baltimore, deceased, respecting the Province of Maryland in America, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; and for the establishing and veiling the said Province in Henry Harford, Esquire, and his Heirs, upon the several Payments, Terms, and Conditions, and in Manner, therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, called Mark Moor, otherwise Thurll Moor, Mark Liberty Moor, 16

otherwise Yonder Moor, and Foie Moors and Commons, situate within the Parish of Mark, in the County of Somerset:

An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, called Dale Moor, or Stanton Moor, within the Manors of Dale and Stanton, or one of them, in the County of Derby:

An Act for inclosing certain Land* Within the Parish of Ensham, in the County of Oxford, and for setting out and regulating Part thereof as a Common Pasture, and for extinguishing all Right of Common upon certain inclosed Lands within the said Parish:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands in the Townships of Grinjhill, Sanfaw, and Clive, in the Parishes of Grinjhill and Saint Mary, in the County of Salop:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, and other uninclosed Lands* Meadows, and Commonable Places, of and belonging to Croption, in the Parish of Thurcafton, and County of Leicester.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to # Drugs Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in f imPortc^ the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Ring from u William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the lessening " the Duty upon Tin and Pewter exported, and grant-t€ ing an Equivalent for the same by a Duty upon u Drugs," so far as the same relates to the Importation of Drugs from the Russian Dominions; and also an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further " Improvement of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs*

" and for the Encouragement of Officers making u Seizures, and for the Prevention of the clandestine " Running of Goods into any Part of His Majesty Y " Dominions;" to permit the Importation of Orchilla Weed and Cobalt, during the present Hostilities; from any Place whatsoever, in British, Irish, or Neutral Ships'; and to permit Sugars, the Growth of Demertiry and Effequibo, to be imported into Great Britain, upon Payment of the like Duties, and under the like Restrictions, as Sugars of the British Islands in The West Indies: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the* Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk'sTable: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three Millions Two hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Two hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to such Persons as have sustained Losses by reason of the rebellious Insurrections in the Month of June 1780, whose Losses amount to the Sum of One hundred Pounds and under, and who have not been reimbursed the fame.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Ways Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- and Meant, ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report

to

'll Geo. III. iQ* Junii. 527

to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raifmgthe Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of One Million Seven hundred Forty-two thousand Nine hundred and Twelve Pounds Two Shillings and Two Pence, out of such Monies as have arisen, or shall or may arise, of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, there be applied a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred thousand Ptrandk, out of the Balances remaining in the Hands of the Right honourable Georgs Nugent Earl Temple, the Personal Representative of the Right honourable George Grenville, deceased, and of the Right honourable William Lord Viscount Barring-Ion in the Kingdom of Ireland, and of the Right honourable Richard Lord Viscount Howe in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, the Pterional Representative of the Right honourable Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, deceased, late Treasurers of His Majesty's'Navy, and of John Powell, Esquire, the only acting Executor of the late Right honourable Henry Lon d Holland, deceased, and of the Right honourable Caroline Baronefe Greenwich, the Personal Represent-a-flhre of the.Right honourable Charles de-

ceased, and of the Right honourable Frederick Lord North, and of George John Cooke and Charles , Esquires, the Personal Representatives of the late George Cooke, Esquire, deceased, and of the Right honourable Thomas Townshend, and of George John Cooke, wad Charles Molloy, Esquires, the Personal Represen tatives of the late George Esquire, de-

ceased, late Paymasters General of His Majesty's Forces.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty," there be applied the Sum of Eighteen thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Eleven Pence, remaining in the Hands of Sir William Howe-, late Commander in Chief in North America; and the Sum of One thousand Three hundred and Fifty-feveu Pounds Fourteen Shillings, remaining in the Hands of the Executors of Zachary Philip Fonnereatt, Esquire, deceased, and Sir Merrick Burrell, Baronet, Coirtra&ors for furnidling the Garrison of Gibraltar with Provisions, from the 12th Day of May 1777 to the 17th Day of January 1779; and the Sum of Eight thoafend eight hundred and Forty-eight Pounds One Shilling and Four Pence Farthing, remaining in the Hands of Thomas Rumsey, Esquire, acting Executor of John llichardson, Esquire, Agent to the Oat Pensioners of Cheljiea Hof pit al, from the 25th Day of December 1773 to the 24th Day of June 1774; and the Sum of Seven hundred and Seventy-two Pounds Eight Shillings and Six Pence Halfpenny, remaining in the Hands of Sir William Erskine, as Quarter Mailer General of the Forces, from the 25th Day of December 1776 to the 30th Day of June 1779.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such of the Monies as diall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to in full

Discharge and Satisfaction of the Claims and Demands of the Public to the Net Profits which have accrued to the Company at Home, before the 1 ft Day of March 1781, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Ord, the Lord North, the

Vox.. 38.

Lord Weficote, the Lord Palmerston, Sir Richard Sutton, Mr. Buller, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor be-neral. Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. Robinfun, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That the Resolution which,-upon the 6th Day of February last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Wajrs and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was-then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as IbHoWeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, towards railing the Supply granted " to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sun* " of Two hundred and Eighty-eight thousand Threehundred and Forty-six Pounds Nineteen Shillings and " Eight Pence, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the sth Day of January One thousand " Seven hundred and Eighty-one, for the Disposition. " of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen, " of the Surplusses, Exeelfes, Overplus Monies, and " other Revenues, composing the Fund- commonly. " called The Sinking Fund."

The House was all'o moved, That the First, Second* Third, and Fourth of the Resolutions which, upon the 12th Day of April last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whpnii it was referred ta consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House. might be read.

And the same were, as, agreed to by the House/ read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, towards raising the Supply granted " to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum> " of Seven hundred Fifty-seven thousand and Eightyseven Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten Pence, " remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the " 5th Day of April 1781, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen of the " Surplusses, Excedesi, Overplus- Monies, and othev " Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called " The Sinking Fund."

" Resolved, That, towards raising the Supply granted " to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sima " of Twenty-three thousand Seven hundred and Eighty " Pounds Eleven Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny, " remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on tike " 5th Day of April 1781, of the Two-Sevenths Excise, " granted by an Act of Parliament of the Fifth and " Sixth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties " King William and Queen Mary, after satisfying the " several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, for " the Half Year then ended."

" Resolved, That, towards raising the Supply granted " to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum " of Forty thousand Pounds, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1781, " of the Duties on Wines granted by an Act of the " Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, " for paying Annuities on single Lives, pursuant to " the said Act, after reserving sufficient to satisfy the " several Annuities to the 5th Day of January 1781." " Resolved, That., towards raising the Supply granted " to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Fifty-six thousand Pounds, remaining in the Re-xt ceipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of 1781, " of the Duties on Glass, for paying Annuities on " Lives, granted by an Act of the Nineteenth Year of f( the Reign of his late Majesty, after reserving sufficient " to fetisly the several Annuities to the 5th Day of January 1781."

The House was also moved, That the Resolutions which were Yesterday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply

granted

Ways and Mean.

i (j* juntt. A. 1781.

granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the Hotife* read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, towards raising the Supply granted *c to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Sixteen " thousand Eight hundred Seventy-nine Pounds Six " Shillings and Eight Pence Halfpenny, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of " April 178.1, subject to the Disposition of Parliament, " exclusive of the Surplus then remaining of the Sinking Fund." u Resolved, That such of the Monies as shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer after the 5th Day " of April 1781, and on or before the 5th Day of April 1782, of the Produce of the Duties charged " by Two Acts, made in the Fifth and Fourteenth

Years of His present Majesty's Reign, upon the Importation and Exportation of Gum Senega and Gum

Arabic, be applied towards making good the Supply " granted to His Majesty."

" Resolved, That a Sum* net exceeding Fifty-one " thousand Seven hundred Forty-seven Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence, out of the Monies or

Savings of the Sums voted by Parliament for the <c Charge of several Augmentations to His Majesty *s g< Forces for the Year 1780, be applied towards mak- ing good the Supply granted to His Majesty, towards <c defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Ma-<c jesty's Land Forces, and other Services incurred between the 31st Day of January 1780 and the tft " Day of February 1781, and not provided for by " Parliament,"

J " Resolvedj That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five " thousand Five hundred and One Pounds, remaining " of the Sums voted for Levy Money for an Augmentation to several Regiments of Foot for the Year i( 1779, in Consequence of the said Regiments having been reduced to lower Numbers for the current u Year, be applied towards making good the Supply " granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Land Forces, " and other Services incurred between the 31st Day of " January 1780 and the 1 ft Day of February 1781, " and not provided for by Parliament."

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding Fourteen " thousand Three hundred Seventy-nine Pounds Eight u Shillings and Ten Pence, out of the Monies or Sav-<c ings remaining of the Sums voted by Parliament for " the Year 1780, for the Pay of several Corps of In-tc fantry, be applied towards making good the Supply «c granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Land Forces, " and other Services, incurred between the 31st Day cc of January 1780 and the ift Day of February 1781, ie and not provided for by Parliament."

Ordered, That it be an InstrucUon to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions now read.

Messagefrom The Lord North acquainted the House, That he had Vote^of8 for a ^e^a£e from His Majesty to this House, signed by Credit. His Majesty 5 and be presented the same to the House;

and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, relying on the experienced Zeal and Affection of His faithful Commons, and considering, that in this critical Conjuncture, Emergencies may arise, which may be of the utmost Importance, and be

attended with the moll dangerous Consequences if proper Means should not be immediately applied to prevent or defeat them, is desirous that this House will enable him to defray any extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be incurred, on account of Military Services, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, and to take all such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs maj' require.

G. R.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty's said Most Gracious Message into Consideration.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Kingtto Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Inclosure4 An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Land, within the Manor and Parish of Kington, in the County of Worcester.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz*

Press 1. Line 7. At the End of the Line add " and Emma his Wife."

Line 9. After " Lords" insert " and " Lady."

Line 11. Leave out " is"and insert<c and Emma his Wife are."

Line 15. Leave out " is" and insert " are."

Line 16. Leave out " Impropriator" and insert " Impropriators."

Line 30. Leave out " is Impropriator" and insert w and Emma his " Wife are Impropriators."

Line 32. After " Cecil*9 insert c< and " Emma his Wife."

Press 7. Line 9. After " Cecil? insert " and " Emma his Wife."

Line 11. After " Lords," insert " and " Lady."

Press 8. Line 16. Leave out M Impropriator" and insertc< Impropriators."

Line 39. Leave out " Impropriator" and insert " Impropriators,"

Press 9. Line 37. Leave out " his" and insert " Emma his Wife, and their."

Press 10. Line 35. Leave out " Impropriator" and insert <c Impropriators."

Press ii. Line 33. After " Act" insert " and the <c said Impropriators and Rec*

" for shall and may have and " exercise such and the same " Powers and Remedies for " recovering the said respective Yearly Rents or Sums.

" of Money, when the same cc shall be in Arrear, as by " Law are provided and given " to Landlords for the Recovery of Rack Rents in " Arrear."

Press 12. Line 5. After " Act" insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A.) "And, the better to enable the " said Commissioners to ascertain and fix the Value of 4t the said Tythes, and Dues " in lieu of Tythes so extinguished as aforesaid, and "also the Average Price of "the said Wheat, Be it fur-a ther Enabled, That it (halt " be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Two of " them, by Writing under " their

a i Geo. Ill

Preston

BifTctt

Inclosure.

Rogues and Vagabonds.

190 Junii. 529

" their Haijds. to summon " and call before them, at " such Time and Place as

N " shall he mentioned in such

" Summons, all such Witnesses as they shall think " necessary and proper to be "examined, in order to the " better ascertaining and fixing the Value of the said " Tythes, and Dues in lien " of Tythes, and of the said " Wheat; and all Persons who shall be so summoned,

" shall and are hereby required "to appear before the said " Commissioners, or any Two " of them, pursuant to such " Summons, and to be sworn,

" and give Evidence touching " the Matters before-mentioned."

Prels 18. Line 32. Leave out " his" and insert " E his Wife, and their."

Press ao. Line 24. After " Lords" insert " and " Lady."

Press 44, Line 2 a. After " Lords" insert " and " Lady."

Line 32. After " Lords" insert " and "Lady."

Press 45. Line 3. Leave out " he or."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second/ Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within, and belonging to, the Manor and Parish of Preston BiJ/ctt, in the County of Bucks.

An>d the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Press 19. Line 39. After " being" insert " and " the Lord Bishop of Lincoln " for the Time being."

Press ^3. Line 25. After "whatsoever"insert"Provided that no Exchange shall " be made by the said Henry " Qu or his Successors, " Rectors as aforesaid, of any " Part of the said Rectory, "without the Consent, in " Writing, of the Lord Bishop " of Lincoln for the Time be-.

" ing."

The fyid Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords; [and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend and render more effectual, the several Laws in being relative to Rogues, Vagabonds, Beggars, and other idle and disorderly Persons, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

Vol. 38.

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to vest certain Messuages. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in " Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty's Docks,

" Ships, and Stores, at Php and and for better defending the Passage of the River Thames " at Grave/end and Tilbury Fort " as relates to the

Security of His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores at Plymouth, was read a Second Time.

lle/olved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more " eft'eftual punishing Stealers of Lead and Iron Bars " fixed to Houses or any Fences belonging the reunto," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Herbert Mackworth, Mr. Elwes, Scc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to explain an amend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late. Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for more effectually discouraging and preventing the Healing,

" and the buying and receiving of stolen. Lead, Iron,

" Copper, Brass, Bell Metal, and Solder, and for more " effectually bringing the Offenders to Justice," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Herbert Mackworth, Mr. Elwes, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the " Affairs of the East India Company, as well in " as in Europe," as relates to the Administration of Justice in Bengal; and for the Relief of certain Persons imprisoned at Calcutta, in Bengal, under a Judgment of the Supreme Court of Judicature; and also for indemnifying the Governor General and Council of Bengal, and all Officers who have acted under their Orders and Authority, in the Resistance made to the Process of the Supreme Court; was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Friday Morning " next," and inserting the Words " this Day Three " Months," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words " Friday Morning next," Hand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

6 T Then

Security of the Dock Yard*.

Stealing Lead, 5cc.

Stealing and receiving Lead, fee.

Administration

of Justice in

Bengal.

Supply Bill;

Duties on Chocolate.

Eafofcing Payment of the Land Tax.

530

190 Junit. A. 1781.

Then the main Question being put;. *

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Importers of Spirituous Liquors, Distillers, Rectifiers, Compounders, and Tea Dealers, in Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the H<»use, and read; Setting forth, That the Cocoa and Chocolate Bill, now before the House, contains a Clause, which declares that all Judgments of the Commissioners of Excise, or Justices of the Peace, within their respective Jurisdictions, for the Condemnation of any Commodities, Goods, or Effects, seized as forfeited under that, or any other Act of Parliament relating to the Duties of Excise, or other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, shall be, and shall be deemed and taken to be, as final and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as any J ndgment for the Condemnation of any Commodities, Goods, or Effects, given in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer; and that the Petitioners are much alarmed at the many threatening Evils which such Powers would be productiveof, as well to themselves as to every Trader and private Gentleman subject to an Excise Duty from the above Clause, which seems calculated to make the Judgments of summary Jurisdictions as final as the solemn Determinations of a Court of Record; and that, although it should be alleged that the said Clause is necessary for the better Management of the Public Revenues, the Petitioners submit, that the Court of Exchequer, being aCourt originally instituted, and now in Practice, for executing the Revenue Laws, all Questions relative to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, and all Seizures made by virtue of the fame, may with as much Ease and Safety be determined in that Court, as the Questions relative to the Revenue of the Customs, or for Seizures under those Laws, now are, and have been Time immemorial; and that there are several other Clauses in the said Bill, which, if permitted to pass into a Law, must not only tend to the manifest Injury of the Petitioners, but will render several of them under the Necessity of totally leaving off their Trades: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and suffer the Petitioners to be heard, by their Counsel, against the passing of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready Payment of the Allowances to be made to Brewers out of the additional Duties imposed on Matt; and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, with respect to the exempting of Candles from the additional Duty of Five Pounds per Centum upon the Duties of Excise, imposed by the said Act, is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Order of die Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon ThtirJdayMorning next.

Britain, and for the more speedy Recovery of Debts due to the Crown, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bin* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for estabiifiiing an Agreement with the * Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of Two Millions towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. '

Sir Grey Cooper reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Growth of Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ren- Hemp and dering more effectual so much of an Act, made in the Fla*‘ Tenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled,.* An Act for appropriating a Fund, established by an Act,

" made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty additional " Duties on certain Foreign Linens imported into this " Kingdom, and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the raising and dressing of Hemp and Flax," as relates to the distributing and paying the Proportion of the Fund thereby appropriated for the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called England, by applying a Sum, not exceeding £. 15,000 per Annum, out of the said Arrears and Duties, to the Purposes aforesaid, for a Time to be limited.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Matthew White Bidleytook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Matthew White Bidley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Two Delivery «f Months, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole. Election House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, Wns. made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the " further regulating EJeftions of Members to serve in " Parliament, and for the preventing irregular Pro- ceedings of Sheriffs and other Officers in the electing " and returning such Members," with respect to the Conveyance and Delivery of Writs for electing Members to serve in Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better enforcing the Payment of the Monies arising by the Land Tax raifqd in Great

14

2i Geo. III.

Mercuriiy 20* die Junii;

Anno 2i* Georgii III*1' Regis, 1781. Prayers.

SIR Matthew White Ridley, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for rendering more effectual so much of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for appropriating a Fund, " established by an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting to " His Majesty additional Duties on certain Foreign " Linens imported into this Kingdom, and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the railing and " drafting of Hemp and Flax," as relates to the distributing and paying the Proportion of the Fund thereby appropriated for the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called England, by applying a Sum, not exceeding 15,000 per Annum, out of the said Arrears and Duties, to the Purposes aforesaid, for a Time to be limited, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One: and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

20* Junii. S31

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of the Debtors who have been confined in Lincoln Castlefince the 7th Day of June 1780, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration His Majesty's Most Gracious Message of Yesterday, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Ordered, That His Majesty's said Most Gracious Message be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

?ply Bill; Sir Grey Cooper, according to Order, reported from bmlhe Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Bank. for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of Two Millions towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Drug* A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the topomd Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of King William K the Third, intituled, "An Act for the lessening the " Duty upon Tin and Pewter exported, and granting " an Equivalent for the same by a Duty upon Drugs," so far as the same relates to the Importation of Drugs from the Russian Dominions; and also an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Improvement of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs, and for the Encouragement of Officers making Seizures, and for the i " Prevention of the clandestine Running of Goods into

| " any Part of His Majesty's Dominions;" to permit

the Importation of Orchilla Weed and Cobalt during the present Hostilities, from any Place whatsoever, in British, Irish, or Neutral Ships; and to permit Sugars, the Growth of Demerary and to be imported

into Great Britain, upon Payment of the like Duties, and under the like Restrictions, as Sugars of the British Islands in The West Indies; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Vol. 38.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better enforcing the Payment of the Monies arising by the Land Tax raised in Great Britain, and for the more speedy Recovery of Debts due to the Crown, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of upwards of Two hundred American Prisoners at present confined in Mill Prison at in Behalf of themselves and others their Countrymen, fife, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That under the peculiar Nature and Circumstances of the Petitioners Commitment to Prison, they are debarred of the many Benefits and Indulgences which are usually and generally ffiewn to all other Prisoners and Captives, particularly in their being at present, and during the Winter, almost naked and barefooted, by the Government's having ceased supplying them with Cloathing as they had been heretofore accut-tomed to do at the Period of every Three Months, and

Insolvent Debtors,

Debtors,

The King's Message considered*

Enforcing Payment of the Land Tax,

Discovoy of the Longitude,

State of American Prisoners.

j

1

Ciandestine

Marriages*

53*

rn their being'also weil and supplied with only Two-thirds the Quantity of Bread usually and daily allowed the Prisoners and Captives of Spain, and

Holland, the Whole of which Allowance, as is issued to and received by the Petitioners, being no more than One sufficient and satisfactory Repast for Men who have no other present Enjoyment than that of perfect Health, the Prisoners and Captives of France, Spain, and Holland, being enabled to supply themselves with such' Deficiencies of Provision or Food from the open Market at the Gates of the Prison, by the Annuities which they receive monthly, together with a full Supply of Cloath-ing at the Period of every Three Months, from the Agents for their respective States, a Privilege whereof the Petitioners are debarred by the Non-existence of an Agent in Great Britain for the Purpose of supply ing them with suchneceflary Articles, and which Deficiencies oFFood or Provision hath heretofore been made up to the Petitioners in Part by the humane and benevolent People in many Parts of Great Britain having raised several Sums of Money for therr Relief, all which being now quite or nearly expended, the Petitioners are again reduced to their former miserable and calamitous half-starved Condition, a few of their Number only excepted, who are gratefully indebted to the Bounty of their former Friends for some small Supplies of Money, towards alleviating the immediate and most consequent Wants of Nature in their present deplorable and unhappy Situation of Captivity and Distress: And therefore praying the House to hear and grant the Prayer of their Petition, by their being supplied with Cloathing at the Period of every Three Months, as had been heretofore customary, and which, on Account of the inferior Quality of the Cloathing is not too frequent, and by their being allowed and supplied with the same Quantity of Bread daily allowed to the Prisoners and Captives of France, Spain, and Holland, whereby the Petitioners may, for the Support of Nature, have more than One Fepafi during the present long Course of the Day, it not being in their Power to supply themselves, Tor the Want of those customary Annuities which all other Prisoners and Captives receive monthly from their respective Agents.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the aSth Day of this Instant June.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for Sick and Wounded, and Prisoners of War, do attend this House at the same Time.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " better preventing of clandestine Marriages

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, to explain, amend, and reduce into Qne Act of Parliament, all the Laws relating to the Solemnization of Marriages.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker 'left the Chair.

General Burgoyne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

General Burgoyne reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

General Burgoyne accordingly reported from the said 16

A. 1781.

Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the 13ifl, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as ill all be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 21* die Junit j

Anno 21" Georgii III*11 Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for establishing an Agreement Supply B3| with the Governor and Company of the Bank of Adduce England, for advancing the Sum of Two Millions towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of Two Millions towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill tot the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Common Brewers, Makers of Beer, Supply B2| and Ale, fife, was presented to the House, and read; Dutwos Setting forth, That the Cocoa and Chocolate Bill, now Chocobte. before the House, contains a Clause which declares, that all Judgments of the Commissioners of Excise, or Justices of the Peace, within their respective J urifdiftious, for the Condemnation of any Commodities, Goods, or Eflefts, seized as forfeited under that or any other Act of Parliament relating to the Duties of Excise, or other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, shall be, and shall be deemed and taken to be, as final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes what-foe ver as any Judgment for the Condemnation of any Commodities, Goods, or Effects, given in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer; and that the Petitioners are much alarmed at the many threatening Evils which the above Clause would occasion should the same pass into a Law, as it is calculated to make the Judgments of summary Jurisdictions as final as Trials by Jury: for the Petitioners submit, that, although a Judgment in the Court of Exchequer may be considered as final and conclusive against Actions to be brought after such Condemnation, yet, as that Court was originally instituted for the Determination by Jury of all Cafes respecting His Majesty's Revenues, the Petitioners apprehend that the Judgment of any summary Jurisdiction should not be deemed and taken to be as final and conclusive as such Judgment given in the Court of Exchequer, because the Petitioners conceive, that such summary Judgment would be repugnant to the Law and Confutation of this Country, and tend to the manifest Oppression of the Petitioners, and to injure their Fortunes and Properties; and that there are also Two Clauses in the said Bill, one relative to the Limitation of Time for Permits, the other requiring an Oath or Affirmation fur recovering the Drawback of the Malt Duty, both of which Clauses may tend to the Obstruction of Trade and Prejudice to the Revenue: And therefore praying

the

2,0* — 2i* Junit.

Vote of Credit.

Supply Bill Duties on ChocuUte.

2 i Geo. III. 21# funii.

the Woufe to take the Premises into Consideration, and making Geneva far superibr to any theretofore made in suffer them to be heard, by their Counsel, against the this Kifigdorn, and equal in all Refjxfts to the belt said Bill, so far as relates to the above-mentioned made Abroad, and on their Return to England began Clatifes; and that the Petitioners may have such further to try Experiments in order to the Establishment of a Relief as to the House shall seem meet. Geneva Manufactory at aforesaid, which, at

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, a very great Expence, was brought to Perfection in the until the Report be received from the Committee of the Year 1779, and a Warehotift? was opened in London for whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties the Sale of the Geneva manufactured by the Petitioners^ payable upon Chocolate made in Gtreat Britain, and for and that, from 1779 to October 1780, the Peti-granting certain Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts in lieu tioners fold 41,372 Gallons of Geneva, Part of which thereof; for the better and more effectual securirtg the was (exported; aha the Excise Duty paid on that lifed Revenue of Excise; and of the Inland Duties under the foV Home Consumption amounted to £.4,706. ay. 1 id. Management of the Commissioners of Excise; and for and this Year the Petitioners hope and belieVe their preventing Fraud* therein; for the more punctual and Sales will be more than treble the above, if they are ready Payment of the AIIowancestobemadeto Brewers not interrupted by the passing of the said Bill; and that out of the additional Duties imposed on Malt; and for the said Geneva was found to be so far superior to any rectifying a Miliake in art Act; made in this present made at other Places in Great Britain, arid so fully Session of Parliament, with respect to the exempting of equal in Quality to that brought from Abroad, that the Candles from the additional Duty of Five Pounds per Petitioners met with such Encouragement as to induce Cerftum upon the Duties of Excise, imposed by the said them to pull down and rebuild their Diddling House Act, was committed; and that the Petitioners be then on a new Plan and more extensive Scale, in which they beard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon expended upwards of £.7,000; and that the Construe-their Petition, if they think fit. tion of the House and Utensils of the Petitioners at

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for receiving Maidstone differs most essentially from the otherDillilling the Report from the Committee of the whole House, Houses in this Kingdom, and the Geneva made there to whom the said Bill was committed, be now read.. being ofa Quality greatly superior to any hitherto made And the said Order being read accordingly; in Great Britain, the Proportions required by the said

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Bill to be held between \Vath and Spirits will be so Tuesday Morning next. highly prejudicial to the Manufactory carried on by the

Petitioners, that the same must be discontinued if the Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the said BilHhould pass, by which the Building and Utensils,

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred which in their present State are not fit for any other to take into Consideration His Majesty's Most Gracious Trade, will become of considerably less Value, and a Message of Tuesday last, the Resolution which the large Stock of Hogs and Corn now on Hand at the Committee had directed him to report to the House; Petitioners said Manufactory, must bedisposed of at which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered great Loss: And therefore praying the House to take in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them and is as followeth; viz. such Relief as the Nature of their same may be found to

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, merit, and to the House shall seem inert.

That 3, Sum, not exceeding One Million, be granted to Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

His Majesty on Account, to enable His Majesty to Table, until the Report be received from the Committee defray any extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be of the whole House-, to whom the Bill for repealing the incurred, on Account of Military Services, for the Year Duties payable upon Chocolate made in Great Britain,

One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, and to and for granting certain Inland Duties upon CocoaNuts take all such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing require; and that such Sum be raised by Loans or the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the First Aids to be the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and granted in the next Session of Parliament. for preventing Frauds therein; for the more punctual

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, and ready Payment of the Allowances to be made to upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Brewers out of the additional Duties imposed on Malt;

House. and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act made in this

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said present Session of Parliament, with respect to the Resolution: And that Mr. Ord, the Lord North, the exempting of Candles from the additional Duty of Lord Westcote, the Lord P aimerston, Sir Richard Sutton, Five Pounds per Centum upon the Duties of Excise*

Mr. Buller, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor imposed by the said Act, was committed.

General, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. John Robinson, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Driving of

prevent the Mischiefs that arise from driving Cattle Cattle in A Petition of Messieurs George and James Bishop, of within the Cities of London and and I100*100*

' Maidstone, in the County of Kent, Distillers, was pre- Liberties thereof, and Bills of Mortality: Aqd that fentedtothe House, and read; Setting forth, That the Mr. Alderman Sawbridge and Mr. Alderman Bull do Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depend- prepare, and bring in, the fame, ing for repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate

made in Great Britain, and for granting certain Inland The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Phillips'* Duties upon Cocoa Nuts in lieu thereof, and for the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Conv>ofitloa better and more effectual securing the Revenue of upon the Bill for providing a Reward to Henry , for destroying

Excise, and other Purposes; and that, in Consequence on his making a proper Discovery, for the Use of the illle*"‘ of certain Provisions contained in an Act, passed in the Public, of the Composition bf his Powder for the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for more Destruction of Infefts;

effectually preventing the excessive Use of Spirituous OrThat the Report which was made from the

Uquors for Home Consumption, by laying additional -Committee, to whom the Petition of Henry Phillips, of

Duties on Spirits made in Great Britain, or imported Knightsin the County of was referred,

into the fame, and for other Purposes, the Petitioners, be referred to the said Committee.

at a great Expence, and by several Years Residence in Then the House resolved itself into the said Corn-

Foreign Parts, acquired the Art and Knowledge of mittee.

Vol. 38. $UMr,

Somerset

Houset

East India Company's Profit!.

534 2,1 — 1 V jA.. ? t.

Mr. Speaker left the Chaift

Mr. Burke Cook the Chair of the Committee.

M r. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Burke reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend* merits thereunto; which they had directed him to Report, when the House willpleafe to receive the tame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

1 v

The House was moved. That the Entry in the Votes of the House of the 28th Day of May last, of the Order for an Account of the Expenditure of the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament for House-, attested by those who have been entrusted with the Controul of that Expenditure, to !>e laid before the f-Ioufe, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Account of the Expenditure of the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament for Somerset House, which was presented to the House upon the 15th Day of this Instant June, by Sir William Chambers, in pursuance of the said Order, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly}

Ordered, That the other Orders q£ the Day be now read.

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read* for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Rill for continuing in the Possessiop of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The Indies, for a further Time to be limited, and under certain Conditions, the Territorial Acquisitjpn? ami Revenues lately obtained ip The East Indies; for enabling the said Company, under certain RestriQipns, to borrow, under the Seal of the said Company, any Sum of Money, no.t exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds; for reviving and continuing, for a further Time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign 01 flis present Maje % > intitifted, "An Act for establishing " certain Regulation?, for the better Management of " the Affairs of the East 'India, Company, as well in India as in Europe,'* as bath expired, in the Course of the present Year; and also, for establishing certain^ other Regulations for the like Purposes;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of thp Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

' Mr- Ord reported from, the Committee, That they had heard Counfej, and examined a Witness, in Behalf of the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies-, and had gone through the Bill, and matfe fevera) Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when t hp House will please to receive the-fanier

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next. i.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from thp Committee, of the whole House, to whom the Bill for securing' to' the Public the Payment of Three-fourth.Parts of the Net Profits of the East India Company at Home, above the Sum of£. 8 per Centum per Annum upon the Capital Stock of the said Company, which have accrued from the First Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, to the First Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, was committed;

Ordered, That the ftyd Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

*The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this Hpu^e will. Tomorrow Morning,

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Dnj?i Upon the Rill to explain and amend an Act, made-in the ltriP0u*'l Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Kang William rora the Third, intituled, "An Act for the leffemng tlfe " Duty upon Tin and Pewter exported, and granting " an Equivalent for the same !by a Duty upon Drugs," so far as the same relates to the Importation of Drugs from the Russian Dominions; and also an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Improvement of " His Majesty's Revenue of Customs, and for the " Encouragement of Officers making Seizures) and " for the Prevention of the clandestine Running of " Goods into any Part of His Majesty's Dominions to permit the Importation of Orchilia Wefed and Cobalt, during the present Hostilities, from any Place whatsoever, in Britl/h, Irish, or Neutral Ships; and to

permit Sugars, the Growth of Demerary and Eftequibo, to be imported into Great Britain, upon Payment of the like Duties, and under the like Rest rift ions, afc Sugars of the British Islands in West Indies,

And then the House adjourned till To-raorroW Morning, - Ten of the Clock.

Veneris922* die Junii \

Anno 21* Georgii IIItil Regis, 1781.

Praters.

nESOLVED, That this House will, at the Rising

of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morn- Joann*Ilk ing nesrt.

An ingcoffed Bill for rendering more effectual fomnen Growth of of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His Majesty*! Hemp iOd Reign, intituled, "An Act for appropriating a FuntH " established by an Act, made in the Seventh Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting to " His Majesty additional Duties on certain Foreigrf " Linens imported into this Kingdom, and for establiftn " ing a Fund for the encouraging of the raising and dressing of Hemp and Flax," as relates to the distributing apd paying the Proportion of the Fund thereby appropriated for the Encouragement of the Growth, of Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called England, by applying a Sum. not exceeding £15,00 0 per Annum, out of the said Arrears and Duties, to the Purposes aforesaid, for a Time to be limited, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: A-nd that the Title he. An Act for rendering more effectual so much of mi Act, made in the Tenth Year of His Majesty's Reign; intituled, "An Act for appropriating a Fund, established *f by an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign " of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty *5 additional Duties on certain Foreign Linens imported " into this Kingdom* and for establishing a Fund for " the encouraging of the railing and dressing of Hemp

and. Flax," as relates to the distributing and paying* the Proportion of the Fund thereby appropriated for the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called England, by applying a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds per'

Annum, out of the said Arrears and Duties, to the Purposes aforesaid, for a Time limited.

Ordered, That Sir George Yonge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn* ing next, resolve, itself in.to„*.Committee of the whole-House, to consider of allowing Sugars, imported' into Great

Geo. III. ..'ti

irehouGng Great Britain, to he warehoused under certain Restric-Sugars. tions and Regulations.

>pty Bill; Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according r<3oo'oco to ^rd(‘r) a Rid for enabling His Majesty to raise flie ' ' w *-Sum of'One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein

mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

liefolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

mation with respect to the Hand-Writing of the said Letters; he was called in to the Bar, and exunined thereto.

And then he Was directed to withdraw.

And the said Letters were read at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, Nemine ContradicenteThat the said 7'heo-

philus Swift, Esquire, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer the Matter of the said Complaint,

*j'ly Bill j Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to long Fund Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the ' Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one: Ami the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Drugs Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hoirfe nported to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ltuffia. upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made In

- the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the lefl'ening " the Duty upon Tin and Pewter exported, and gfanting an Equivalent for the same by a Duty upon

: " Drugs," so far as the same relates to the Importation of Drugs from tht* Russian Dominions; and also an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present; Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Impiove-ment of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs, and for " the Encouragement of Officers making Seizures, and for the Prevention of the elaudestine Running of " Goods into any Part of His Majesty's Dominions to permit the importation of Orclrilla Weed and Cobalt, during the present Hostilities, from any Place :whatsoever, in British, Irish, or Neutral Ships; and to permit Sugars, the Growth of Demerary and EJJi-guibo, to he imported into Great Britain, upon Payment of the like Duties, and under the like Restrictions,

- as Sugars of the British I Hands in The West Indies; be jdow read.

And the (hid Order being read accordingly;

Refulved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morfi-, ing next, resolve into the said Committee.

lilllps'y Mr. Biirke, according to Order, reported from the mpofidon] Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for r^t^r°yutg provj(jing a Reward to Henry Phillips, on his making a proper Discovery, for the Use of the Public, of the . Composition of his Powder for the Dilruft ion of Inleftis,

was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the Houfo; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally: put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.'

'rvilfge Complaint being made to the House, that1 Theophiltis k*nemb? Swift* Esquire, had (in Breach of the Privilege of this en"e ' ..House) feiit Two Letters to Sir John Ba-

ronet; a Member of thi6 House, containing a Chas-

ienge to the said Sir John Wrottesley, for his Conduct fas a Member on the Select Committee, appointed

in this Session of Parliament to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of the Right Honourable Sir

WatkinLewes, Knight, Lord Mayor of the City of

- London, and also the Petition of the Freemen of the City of Worcester, severally complaining of an undue ^Election and Return for the said City of

The said Letters were delivered in at the Clerk'sTable. And the House being informed that a Person attended at the Door,- who could give the House Inform . Vol. 38.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant 1o KiwreiWou*. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for "r"* the electing of a Burgessto serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Knaresborough, in the County of York, in the room of the Honourable Robert Boyle

Walsingham, deceased.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Adromiftnaion resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made 1?eD*^' in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Mis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs " of the East India Company, as well iu India as in " Europe," as relates to the Administration of Justice \

in Bengal; and for the Relief of certain Persons imprisoned at Calcutta in Bengal under a Judgment of the Supreme Court of Judicature; and also for indemnifying the Governor General and Council of Bengal, and all Officers who have acted under their Orders or Authority in the Refinance made to the Process of the Supreme Court; '

Ordered, That the Report w'hich was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Touchet and John Irving, Agents for the British Subjects refilling in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfd, and their several Dependencies, whose Names are subscribed to the Petition thereinafter set forth; and also, the Petition of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, Governor General, and of Philip Francis and Edward Esquires,

Counsellors for the Government of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal; and also, the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of trading to

The t,ajl Indies; were severally referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chai'r.

Mr. Elwestook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Cl>air. 4 ,

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, Thai they . had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report,

1 When the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Elwes accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Aniiendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the ‘Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Coilsideration Upon 'Tuesday'Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed as shall be ftifficifent for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Insolvent ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Debtor*.^ House, upon the Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

53<*

J Luna,25* Junii;

Anno ai* Georgii III*" Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr.

Mr. Hett:

Mr. Speaker,

Payment of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Accountants to direct the Payment into the Exchequer of the re- . Balances, spective Balances remaining in the Hands of the several Persons therein named, for the Use and Benefit of the Public; and for indemnifying the said respective Persons, and their Representatives, in respect of such Payments, and against all future Claims relating thereto; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

Gloucester The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act . Gaol, fcc. for. erecting a new Gaol, and for removing certain Gateways in the City of and for amending

the several Acts passed for the Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the said City, and lighting, paving, and regulating the Streets there; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Press 32. Line 15. After specified," insert Clause (A.) Clause (A.) " Provided always nevertheless, and it " is hereby Enacted and Declared,

" ^That none of the Powers or Authorities in this Act contained,

" relating to the said new intended " Gaol, shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, in any " Respect or Degree, to Lands,

" Tenements, or Hereditaments " within such Parts of any of the " Parishes aforesaid as do not lie " within the County of the City of Gloucester."

Press 38. Line 21. Leave out from "Appellant" to " any," in Line 25.

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Warehousing Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House of Sugars. ref0jve jtfelfinto a Committee of the whole House,

to consider of allowing Sugars, imported into Great Britain, to be warehoused under certain Restrictions and Regulations, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Commie e.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Privilege;1 Mr. Chailes Robinson reported from the Committee,

Franung. to whom the Complaint made to the House, of several Abuses in the charging with the Duty of Pottage several Letters directed to the Honourable John Luttrell, a Member of this House, was referred; and who were directed to examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Complaint; and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he 18

25 JuniL

read thfe Report in his Placet tind afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Matter of the said Complaint is as follows;

i ft. That a Letter, dated fronvou Board The Camel at Spit head, May 27th; 1781, from Captain John Taken* ham, and directed for the Honourable John Luttrell at Mr. Lecrafs's, Walbrook, one of the Places of his usual Residence, has been charged at the General Pott Office in London, with the Duty of Three Pence.

2d. That the Pottage of Three Pence has been taken at the General Pott Office in London, as the Duty on a Letter directed to the Honourable John Luttrell at Kimpfon, near Alresford, Hants, another of the Places of his usual Residence; and this notwithstanding the Pottage of the said Letter had been paid at the Time it was put into the Pott in London, and the Letter was stamped with the Letters " Pott paid" upon it.

3d. That the Pottage of Six Pence has been charged at the General Pott Office in London, for a Letter from Sir John Huffey Delaval, dated Hanover Square, June 8th, 1781, and directed to Captain Luttrell at Kimpfon.

4th. That the Pottage of Four Pence has been charged at Portsmouth on a single Letter, dated on Board His Majesty's Ship Jason at Saint Jago, and brought Home by the Oporto Sloop of War, which Letter was directed to the Honourable John Luttrell at Kimpfon, and put into the Poftat Portsmouth, for which a Penny and uo more had been paid by the Poll-matter there, at the Time of putting in the fame.

5th. That several of such Letters as have been charged with the Duty of Pottage since the 21st Day of September 1780, and directed for the Honourable John Luttrell at Kimpfon, have been refused by the Post-matter at Alresford to be delivered to the Servant . of the said Honourable John Luttrell, without Payment being firtt made; the said Post-matter informing the said Servant, that he had before written to the General Pott Office respecting Captain s Letters

being charged, but having received no Answer, be would not part from the Letters without the Money, which the Servant accordingly paid.

Your Committee then called Anthony Todd, Esquire, Secretary to the Postmaster General; who being examined with respect to the said Charges, said,

That the Letter directed to Mr. Luttrell at Mr. Lecrafs's, which was charged with the Duty of Pottage . at the General Pott Office, London, was apprehended not to be directed to his usual or actual Place of Residence, and as not being intended for himself: But Mr. Todd admitted that the same ought not to have been charged with Pottage, as it appeared to be intended for himself:

That the Letters directed for Mr. Luttrell at -fan, one of his Places of Residence, ought not to have been charged with Pottage, the Post-matter at Aire fori having mittook the Directions given to him; and that all such Charges have arisen from Mistakes, except as to that which came by the Oporto Sloop of War.

But that with respect to the Letter charged with Pottage from Portsmouth, brought from Jago by the Oporto Sloop, he thought it a proper Charge, as being a Ship Letter; that they look upon all Ship Letters as chargeable with Pottage, whether they come by the Packet, a Man of War, or private Ship; that a Ship Letter is a Letter brought from any Part beyond the Seas to any Port in the King's Dominions; but that they call every Letter a Ship Letter, for which a Penny is demanded at the Office — That inCafes where Letters are brought from Ships cruising or laying in Hart bour, the Pottage ought not to be taken: But,

Being asked, If a Captain of a Man of War (who is a Member of Parliament) ttiould be cruising in the Channel, arid fend his Letters ou Shore franked, and the Person carrying them should demand a Peony for each

Letter

Geo. III. 2$* Junit.

Letter from the Office where he delivers them, whether such letters would be charged with Portage? he said, Such Letters ought to go free, but if a Penny was demanded, they would be charged.

Upon the Whole, your Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of t^is Committee, That the Letter directed to the Honourable John trell at Mr. Lecrafs's, ought not to have been charged with Portage; which arose from a Mistake, it not being known to be a Letter intended for Mr. or that

it was one of his usual Places of Abode.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Letter directed to the Honourable John Luttrell, at Kimpfon, and charged with Portage, ought not to have been charged, it being one of his usual Places of Abode, and arose from a Mistake; and that the Portage of the said Letter ought not to have been accepted when paid by the Person who put the Letter into the General Port Office in London.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Letter from Sir John Hu (fey ought, not

to have been charged; which was done by the Clerk of the Roads, contrary to the general Orders given by the Post-master General,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Letter directed to the Honourable John Luttrell, a Member of this House, coming from on board the Jason Man of War lying at Saint Jago, and brought by the Oporto Sloop of War, and delivered at the Port Office at Portsmouth, for which a Penny was paid by the Post-master there, having been charged with the Inland Portage besides the Penny, ought not to have been charged with the said Inland Portage, but only with the Penny so paid by the Post-master at Portsmouth.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie Upon the Table.

.Security *f The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain _ and amend so much of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to vert certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Plymouth and Shee and for better defending " the Passage of the River Thames at and

" Tilbury Fort," as relates to the Security of His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores at Plymouth.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Yonge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Yonge reported from the Committee, Thit ‘they had gone through the BUI, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him ' to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

fofoftttjt Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ®el)for* to resolve itself* into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they ' had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the

feme.:

‘ VoL. 38.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrotV Morning.

Mr. Alderman R«//presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prevent the Mischiefs that arise from drivingCattle within the Cities of London and Wefmin-y?er, and Liberties thereof, and Bills of Mortality: And the same was received; and read the First Tithe.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Theophilus Swift, Esquire, tvas presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner having been ordered to be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, on account of a Breach of the Privileges of this House, is now in Custody of the said Serjeant for the said Offence; and that the Petitioner is thoroughly sensible of the great Offence he has been guilty of, and humbly begs Pardon of the House for the fame, as also of the Member to whoni he has given just Cause of Offence by entertaining ana expressing groundless and injurious SuspicionS: And therefore praying. That he may be released from his Confinement.

Ordered, That the said Theophilus Stoift be now brought to the Bar of this House, and be reprimanded by Mr. Speaker for his said Offence, and be discharged.

The said Theophilus Szoiftwas accordingly brought to

the Bar; where he received a Reprimand froth Mr. Speaker, and was ordered to be dischdjrged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made, in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late M^efty King George the Second, intituled, "An " Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages," was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was dlfagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for ascertaining the Ages at which the Dissent of Parents and Guardians, On the Publication of Banns, shall be of Force to prevent a Marriage. !

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for explaining the Words, " be under Age," in the Regiller Clause in the Marriage Act, to mean for the tutur'e, the Age of Eighteen for Men, and Sixteen for Women.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to' be added to the Bill, for repealing so much of the said Act as directs the ' same to be read in Churches.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing in the Possession of the United Company of Merchants 6f 6 X England

e

Driving of Cattle in London.

Privilege a Member challenged.

Clandestine

Marriages.

Territories of the East India Conn* pany.

38 '2$* — 2,6°'Jun 1781.

England trading to the East a further Time

to be limited, and under certain Conditions, the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the , . Raft Indies; for enabling the said Company, under certain Restrictions, to borrow, under the Seal of the said . Company, any Sum of Money, not exceeding Five

hundred thousand Pounds; for reviving and continuing, for a further Time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the " Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India " as in Europe," as hath expired in the Course of the present Year; and also, for establishing certain other Regulations for the like Purposes, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

East India Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of P^0gJ*ny'* the whole House, to whom the Bill for securing to the Public the Payment of Three-fourth Parts of the Net Profits of the East India Company at Home, above the Sum of £. 8 per Centum per Annum upon the Capital Stock of the said Company, which have accrued from the First Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, to the First Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, was committed, be taken into fyrther Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Teu of the Clock.

Martis, 26° die Junii; \

Anno 210 Georgii Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

Supply Bill; A BILL for enabling His Majesty to raise the

/i*wwfoo ^um ^ne for the Uses an^ Purposes

j,.i,o9o,q herein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refofoed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resplve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill 1 A Bill for granting to His Majesty a.certain Sum of Sinking Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying cer-F"nd* tain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the , Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, was r<;ad a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to a Coramit-. tee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-. ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the said Bill.

Phillip*'* An ingrossed Bill for providing a Reward to Henry Composition ''Phillips, on his making a proper Discovery, for the fordertroying \jfe Qf the Public,-of the Coraposition of his Powder 0 e*' for the Destruction of Infefts, was read the Third

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title 'be, An Act for providing a Reward to Henry Phillips, on his making a proper Discovery, for the Use of the I Public, of the Composition of his Powder for the De-ftrnftion of Infefts.

Ordered, That Mr. Burke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir George Yonge, according to Order, reported from Security of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,. intituled, "An Act to veil certain Messuages, Lands,

" Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the " better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and " Stores, at Plymouth and Sheerness, and for better defending the Passage of the River Thames at " end and Tilbury Fort," as relates to the Security of II is. Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at *

was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had di-rested him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Opce read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Queiiiou severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ilolford and Mr. licit:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Repflryrf to explain an Act, passed in the Third Year of Fapld* . George the First, intituled, "An Act for explaining aai " an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to oblige Papists to register their " Names and Real Estates;" and for enlarging the " Time of such registering; and for securing Purchases " made by Protestantsf' to which the Lords desire thp Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Eiver reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for veiling the Parish Church of Saint Christo- ChdftophtrY pher Le Stocks, in the City of London, and the Mate- Church, at rials and Scite thereof, and the Church Yard thereto m B"iu adjoining, in the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, for ever, and for uniting the said Parish to the Parish of Saint Margaret, Lothbury, in the said City, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments* thereunto; which they had directed him to report tb the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Daniel Burges, of the City of Bristol, Supply Bill; Gentleman, Agent for the several Persons carrying on Duties on the Trades of Distillers, Reftifiers, and Importers of Chocolate. Spirits, within the same City, was presented to the . I House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for. repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein j for the more punctual and ready Paj'ment of the Allowances to be made to Brewers out of the additional Duties imposed on Malt; and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act; made in this present Session of Parliament, with respect to the exempting of Candles from the additional Duty of Five Pounds per Centum upon the Duties

ft f Geo. III.

ft 6° J

539

Duties of Excise invposed by the said Act ‘ and reprfe-fenting to the House, That some of the Provisions in the said Bill will very materially affect the Trades of Distillers, Reftifiers, and Importers of Spirits, carried on in the City of Bristol, and in every other Part of the Kingdom; and that the several Persons for whom the Petitioner acts, are more particularly alarmed at the Confluences which will arise from the Clause in such' Bill, declaring, that all Judgments of the Cornmif — sioners of Excise, or Justices of the Peace, within: their respective Jurisdictions, for the Condemnation of any Commodities, Goods, or Effects, seized or forfeited under the said Bill, or any other Act of- Aftls of Parliament relating to the Duties of Excise, or other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners; of Excise, shall be, and lha.Il be deemed and taken to be, as final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes as any Judgment for the Condemnation of any Commodities, Goods, or Effects, given--in the Court of Exchequer; which Judgments the Petitioner suggests are not pronounced or entered without a folemu Trial before a Judge, converlant with the P raft ice and Rules of Law, assisted by a Jury; and as Judgments pronounced by Commissioners of Exoifo, or Justices of the Peace, have no inch Reasons to support them, the Petitioner apprehends, that if fucIrClanfe should pass into a Law, the said Parties would be deprived of their undoubted Right to a Trial by Jury; and that the Petitioner likewileohferves aClause respecting the Limitation of Time to he inserted in Permits or Certificates required to remove exciseable Goods, which; if -passed into a Law, would subject the Parties felting and fending the same to num berless Grievances, unavoidable Obstructions, and Lodes consequent thereon, insomuch that under such feverd^Restrictions, it would be impossible for them to carry on Trade, as they would be made liable to excessive 'Fines or Penalties on Circumstances contingent as well as accidental, and which, in the Nature of the Cafe, it would be out of their Power to prevent or provide against, beflattfe, after the Goods are out of the Hands of the Seller, the punctual Delivery of them to the Persons to whom they are directed, within the Time limited by the Permit or Certificate, mull depend on the Care and Attention of the Persons entrulled with the Carriage and Removal thereof, who are, for the moll Part, Common Carriers, Watermen, Persons conducting Vessels on the Coalting Trade, and in Inland Navigations (frequently delayed and detained by Tides and ,contrary Winds, and subject to Ohstructions from Frosts, Floods, and other unforeseen Events) Porters,

' and others, not within the immediate Service, or under the Direction, of the Person fending such Goods, or the Persons for whom the same are intended or , directed: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, against the Provisions above specified, and such other Parts of the said Bill as may afi'eft the Persons for whom he acts, and that the Bill . may not pass into a Law as it now Hands.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by his Counfci, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

»tfhno Sr. Notice being taken, that His Majesty's Interest is iri:t.»pher'$ concerned in the Bill for veflingtlie Parish/Church of i" rcti, &c. Saint Christopher'sLe Stocks, in the City of London,

iD ' and the Materials and Scite thereof, and the Church Yard thereto adjoining, in the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, for ever; and for uniting the said Parish to the Parish of Saint Margaret, Lothbury, in the said City; which Bill was this Day reported from the Committee, to whom ' the same liad been committed;

Yol.

The Lord North, by His Majesty's Command; ac- ' quainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his

Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is Concerned,

That the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

A Petition of Robert Gregory, Esquire, being of* Admmiftattti fered to be presented to the House; c?

The Lord North, by His Majesty's Command, ac- m en^* quainted the House, 'that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His-Consent; as far as H is Majesty's Interest is concerned,' thbt the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then- the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioner observes, that a Bill is depending, to explain and amend so much of an Act; made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better " Management of the Affairs of the East India Com-'* pany, as well in India as in Eu," as relates to

the Administration of Justice in Bengal, and for other Purposes; and that the Petitioner, at the End of the-Year 1774, recovered,. by legal Process in,

the Sum of £.n 1,355, due to Maharajah a

Native of Bengal; which Sum the Petitioner received on the 20th January 1775, a very inconsiderable Part of it in Cash, and the Remainder in Bills of Exchange payable to his Order Three Months after Sight in gal, and, after deducting therefrom his necessary Expences, lie remitted the Balance to India by the above-mentioned' Bills of-Exchange, the Amount of which was 88,889 Current Rupees; and that the said Bills of Exchange not arriving in India till after the Execution of the said Maharajah Nundcomar, the Agents of the Petitioner at CefoKWa deposited the Amount in his Name in the Company^ Treal'ury at that Presidency, where it haihever since remained, the Petitioner not thinking himself authorized by Law to pay the same to Rajah Gowerdafs, the Son arid Heir of the said Maha-

rajah Nundcomar: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill now depending, for enabling him to pay the above-mentioned Sum to the said Rajah Gozcerdafs.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee of the wholfe House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Managemerit of the Affalis of the East India Company, as " well in India as in Europe," as relates to the Administration of Justice in Bengal-, and for the Relief 6f certain Persons imprisoned at Calcutta in Bengal, under a Judgment of the Supreme Court of Judicature; and also for indemnifying the Governor General and Couh-cil of Bengal, and all Officers who have acted under their Orders or Authority, in the Resistance made to the Process of the Supreme Court, was committed, bd , taken into further Consideration.

A Bill to prevent the Mischiefs that arise from driv- driving of ing Cattle within the Cities of London and Westminster, Cattle in and Liberties thereof, and Bills of Mortality, was read *" on' a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, Mr. Alderman Bull, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into , Glouceftet further Consideration of the Amendments made by the Gaol, Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for erecting a new Gaol, and for removing certain Gateways, in the City of Gloucester, and for amending the several Acts passed

for

540 26°;

for the Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the said City, and lighting, paving, and regulating, the Streets there, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House of the 6th Day of April 1750, of the Proceedings of the House upon taking into t Cunsideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of ' ' the British White Herring Fishery, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Amendments made by the Lords to the said Bill, intituled, An Act for erecting a new Gaol, a&d for removing certain Gateways, in the City of Glouccjier, and for amending the several Acts passed for the Maintenance and Support, of the Poor of the said City, and lighting, paving, and regulating the Streets there, were read a Second Time.

And it appearing to the House, from the general Scope and Frame of the said Bill, that it was not the Intention of this House to impose the Rates for the re-building and repairing of the Gaol upon any other of the Inhabitants than those who reside within such Parts of the said Parishes as lie within the Jurisdiction Of the County of the said City, and that the charging to the said Rates any Persons residing out of the County of the City of Gloucester, is neither within the Title, i\pr any of the Provisions of the said Bill;

The Amendments made by the Lords to Jth6 said Bill were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir William Guise do carry the Bill to the Lords: and 'acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That a Special Entry be made in the Journal of this House, of the Reasons for agreeing to the Eirft Amendment made by their Lordships to the said Bill.

Warehoifing Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the

of Sugar*. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of allowing Sugars, imported into Great Britain, to be warehoused under certain Restrictions and Regulations, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sugars, the Produce of the British 1 (lands in the West Indies, imported into Great Britain, be permitted to be warehoused, under certain Restrictions anid Regulations.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that MivOrd and Sir Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply Bill; A Petition of the Tea Dealers in London and West-Duties on mmder, who have associated together for the Purpose of Chocolate, preventing the pernicious Practices of Smuggling, and of other Tea Dealers, whose Names are thereunto sub-

lbribed, was prefen ted to the House, and read; Setting

forth, That, at a very numerous and respectable Meeting of the Association aforesaid, a Copy of the Cocoa and Chocolate Bill, now before the House, was read, ' and taken into Consideration, when all the Matters and Clauses contained therein, were unanimously approved ot‘, as tending to put a Stop to illicit Practices, and as being calculated to promote the Interests of the Commercial Part of this Kingdom, without the smallest Injury to the Liberties and Privileges of the Subject; and the Petitioners are convinced, that unless the said Bill is passed, the fair Traders must be very materially injured by the great Increase of Smuggling: And therefore praying,- That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Junii. St,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the'

Table, until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing , the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain Inland Duties upon.

Cocoa Nuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready Payment of the AI-: lowances to be made to Brewers out of the additional:

Duties imposed on Malt; and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act, made in this prefect Session of Parliament, with respect to the exempting of Candles from the additional Duty of Five Pounds per Centum, upon tlte Duties of Excise, imposed by the said Act, was committed.

A Petition of the United Company of Merchants of East Tmli* England trading to the East Indies, was presented to the Company's House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, made Affain* in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of KiugGdW'ge the Second, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty " the Surplus or Remainder of the Monies arisen, or to <c arise, by the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted " by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, and for a explaining and amending the said Act in relation to ft the Retailers of such Liquors, and for estabiidiing cn Agreement with the United Company of Mer-" chants of England trading to the East Indies" it was enacted, that the Proviso contained in an Act of Parliament therein recited, made in the Third Year of his said Majesty's Reign, and all other Provisoes contained in any other After Acts of Parliament for determining the Annuity or yearly Fund of the Petitioners, and the Right, Title, and Interest of the Petitioners to the whole, foie, and exclusive Trade to the 'East Indies, and Parts therein mentioned, or either of them, upon the respective Notices and Payments in rthe said Acts mentioned, should be, and were thereby, repealed and made void; and that the Petitioners and their Successors should for ever have, receive, and enjoy, the Annuities in the said Act mentioned, subject to Redemption as in the said Act is mentioned; and it was thereby further enacted, that notwithstanding such Redemption of the said Annuities as therein before is mentioned, the Petitioners should (subject to the Proviso of Determination thereinafter contained) have, use, and enjoy, the whole, foie, and exclusive Trade and Traffick in, to, and from the East Indies, and in, to, and from all the islands, Ports, Havens,

Coasts, Cities, Towns, and Places, between The Cape of Good Hope and Slreights of Magellan, and Limits in an Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, and in the Charter of the r,thDay of September, in the Tenth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, mentioned, in as ample and beneficial Manner as the Petitioners could thereby or otherwise lawfully trade thereto; in which said Act is contained a Proviso, that at any Time, upon Three Years Notice to be given by Parliament, after the 25th Day of March 1780, upon the Expiration of the said Three Years, and Re-payment to the Petitioners or their Successors, of the capital Stock or Sum of £.4,200,000, and ail Arrears of Annuity payable in respect thereof, in case the same should not have been before repaid, then and from thenceforth, and not before or sooner, the said Right, Title, and Interest of the Petitioners, to the whole, foie, and exclusive Trade to the East Indies, and Parts aforesaid, should cease and determine; and that, pursuant to Power reserved in and by the said Act of the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty for that Purpose, tins House, on the Q ift Day of March 1780, came to a Resolution, "That Notice should be given, that the " capital Stock Debt or Sum of £.4,200,000, and all Arrears of Annuity in respect thereof due from the

(i Public

2i Geo. IIf. 26° >»«. 541

Pulflic to the United Company of Merchants of " England trading to the East Indies, would be redeemed

" and paid off on the 1 oth Day of April 1783, agreeable to the Power of Redemption contained in the above-* mentioned Act of the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Secondand it was ordered that Air. Speaker should, on the 7th Day of April then next, signify, by Writing, to the Petitioners, the said Resolution of the House, and accordingly Notice thereof was given to the Petitioners; and that, by an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for carrying " into Execution certain Proposals made by the East India Company for the Payment of the annual Sum " of £. 400,000, for a limited Time, in respect to the

" Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained " in the East Indies," it was enacted, that the Petitioners should advance and pay into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for His Majesty's Use, the Sum of £. 400,000 per Annum, for and during the Term of Five Years, to be computed from the ill Day of bruary 1769, by Half-yearly Payments, as therein is mentioned, but if at any Time or Times within the said Term of Five Years, the Petitioners should reduce the Dividends upon their Stock, to or under the Rate Of £. 6 per Centum per Annum, then, and in every such Case, during the respective Continuance of every such Reduction, the Petitioners should be, and were thereby discharged from the Payment of the said Sum of £. 400,000, or such Part thereof as would have become due to the Public during the Continuance of such Reduction; and that the Petitioners were obliged to reduce their Dividend to the Rate of 6 per Centum per Annum, from Midsummer 1772, whereupon the said Payment of£. 400,000 a Year, ceased; and that by an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His, present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money, to be raised by Exchequer Bills, and to be advanced and applied in the Manner and upon the Terms therein mentioned, for " the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies," it was recited, that the Petitioners did then labour, and had for some Time pall laboured, under great and unusual Difficulties in carrying on their Affairs, from which it greatly imported the Public, as well as the Petitioners, that they should as speedily as possible be relieved; and by the said Act, Provision was made for advancing to the Petitioners, by way of Loan from the Public, the Sum ofjf. i,4QO,oooo, and it was by the said Act also recited, that, in the then Circumstances of the Petitioners, it would not be in their Power to provide for the Repayment of such Loan, and for establishing their Affairs upon a more fequre Foundation for the Time to come, unless the Public should agree to forego for the present all Participation in the Profits arising from the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues, as well as the Revenue and Profits of the Company, after providing for certain necessary Payments and Deductions to be made therequt, to the Re-payment of the said £. 1,400,000, and to the Reduction of the Company's Bond Debt; and by the said Act it was further enacted, that until the said Sum of£. 1,400,000 should have been repaid, and the Bond Debt of the Company lliou Id be reduced tOj£. 1,500,000, the wholeclearProfitsarifingfroin the said Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues, after defraying all Charges and Expences attending the fame, together with all the clear Revenue and Profits of the Company, after providing for the current Payments of Interest, and other Outgoings, Charges, and Expences of the Company, should from Time to Time be disposed of and applied in Dividends to the Proprietors in Payment of the said £. 1,400,000 and Intercll, and in reducing the Company's Bond Debt in Manner in the said Act mentioned; and that by an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Vol 38.

intituled, u An Act for continuing in the Possession of East Indli " the United Company of Merchants of England trad- Company'* " ing to the East Indies, for a limited Time, and under a*r*'

" certain Conditions, the Territorial Acquisitions and " Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, and for'

" continuing for a limited Time, so much of an Act*

" made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing " certain Regulations for the better Management of the " Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India.

" as in Europe," as will expire in the Course of the present Year," it was recited, that the said Sum of £. 1,400,000 had been repaid and fully discharged, and the Bond Debt of the said Company had been reduced to or under the Sum of £. 1,500,000, whereby the Circumstances in Consideration whereof it was in the aforesaid Act declared that the Public should agree to forego for the then present Time all Participation in the Profit arising from the Territorial Acquisitions and.

Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, had ceased and were determined, but notwithstanding it might be expedient that the aforesaid Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues should for a limited Time, and under certain Conditions and Restrictions, remain in the possession of the Petitioners for the Term of One Year, from the 5th Day of April 1779; and it was thereby enacted, that during that Time, the whole clear Profits of the Company should be applied in the First Place; for answering a Dividend to the Proprietors of the Stock of the said Company, not exceeding £. 8 per Centum per Annum, upon the Capital Stock of the said Company, after which the whole Surplus of the said clear Revenues and Profits should be reserved and await any future Agreement that might be made between the Public and the Company: And that by another Act made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it was enacted, that all the said Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, should remain in the Possession of the Petitioners for the further Term oT One Year, to Be computed from the 5th Day of April 1780, upon the' same Conditions and Restrictions as were contained in the said Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the'

Reign of His present Majesty; and that the Petitioners* are desirous to have the exclusive Trade in, to, andr from the East Indies, continued to them for a further Term of Years, and are willing that the Public should participate with them in the Profits arising from the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtainedin. the East Indies, for the Time past, since the Petitioners Bopd Debt was reduced to or under £. 1,500,000, and for the Time to come, during the Continuance of the Petitioners said exclusive Trade; wherefore the Petitioners at several general Courts lately h Id, have taken into Consideration the Terms and Conditions of aa> Agreement to be made between the Public and the Petitioners, and at a General Court of Proprietors, held on the 25th Day of this Instant7«nc, the Petitioners agreed to the Propositions hereunto annexed for those Purposes, and for the Purpose of establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Petitioners Affairs:

And therefore the Petitioners beg Leave to submit the said Propositions to the Consideration of the House, as the Terms and Conditions for prolonging the Petitioners exclusive Trade in, to, and from the East Indies, and for making a further Agreement between the Public and the Company in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, and for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Petitioners Affairs.

PROPOSITIONS.

1.

That all the East India Company's present Charter Rights and Privileges ilia.il be preservd to them entire, so far as is consistent with the Rights of the Crown, and

6 Y their

54*

2 6° Junii: 1781.

|«!l India their exclusive Trade be prolonged for the Term of Ten Years, from the ill Day.of March 1781, besides the Throe Years Notice to be given, according to the Provisioti made for that Purpose, in the fubfilting Act of the Seventeenth of George the Second.

2.

That the Company shall advance, and pay into His Majesty's Exchequer by Instalments, in the course of the present War, the Sum of £. 400,000, in full Dif-e'harge of all Claims of the Public upon the Company, until the xft Day of March 1781.

3-

That in order to ascertain the net Profits arising from the Company‘sTrade and Revenues, an Account shall be ipadeupof the Profitand Lois upon the whole of the said Trade and Revenues, together with a State of the Company's Debts in England, from the 1 ft Day of March in every Year, to the ift Day of March in each succeeding Year; to which shall be annexed, an Accqunt of the V alue qfall the Company's Goods which shall remain unfold in their Warehouses in England at the Time of making tip the before-mentioned Account, exclpfive of Discount, Customs, C(ommission to Supra. Cargoes, and of every other Charge to, be deducied therefrom j which Account shall be in Addition to the Accounts.already directed by the Act of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty to be prepared and delivered into the Lordq of the Treasury every . Half-year, and the First of such Statements or Accounts shall bemadeupon the ift Day of March 178 2, or To soon afterwards, as the necessary Materials can be prepared for the Y'ear preceding; and every fuel) Statement or Account, fairly written, and signed by Two or more Directors of the Company, shall be laid before a general Court of Proprietors, and trans-m it ted within Thirty Days after the Day to which it shall be made up, to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or to the High Treasurer for the Time being.

4-

That the net Profits of the Company in England, be each and every Year during the Term of this Agreement, divided in the following Manner; viz. The Company shall in the First Place retain ineach and every Y'ear, a‘Sum equal to Eight per Centum on the Capital of £. 3,200,000, which Sum, together with any Savings made.out of the Participation of former Years, shall be applicable to the Dividend of the said Company, provided the Bond Debt of the Company does not exceed £. 1,500,000 5 and Three Fourths of all Surplus Profits, after dedlifting the said Eight per Centum to the Company', shall be paid in each and every Year to the Public, and One-fourth reserved to the Company.

5*

That to the present Dividend of Eight per Cent, to the Proprietors, shall be added an Increase of Dividend not exceeding One per , each and every Y'ear until the Dividend shall be Twelve and One-half per Cent, per Annum.

6.

That the Company shall remain in Possession of all the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately acquired in India, for and during the Term of the exclusive Trade to be granted to the Company, without Prejudice to the Claim of the Public, or of the Company.

. . 7-

That the Term of this Agreement of Participation between the Public and the Company, shall commence and take place on and from the First Day of March One tlioufund Seven hundred and Eighty-one.

8.

That the Company shall pay to Government, Two Lacks of current Rupees per Annum, for every Regiment, confiding of One tlioufaud Men, sent. or to be lent by His Majesty to India, on the Requisition of the

Company, over and above the Extraordinaries now borne and paid by the Company', and in the same Proportion for any greater or less Number of Men; to be computed with respect to the Forces already font, from the 24th Day of this Instant June, and with respect to Ihofe to be sent, from the Time of the Embarkation of such Troops on this Service, and to be paid until the Return of the said Regiments to Great Britain, or so long as the Company shall be possessTed of the 'Territorial Revenues in Bengal, Bahar, and Or iff a; the Subsistence of the Troops there to be regularly paid, to the Orders of the Officers commanding each Regiment, and the Remainder of such Allowances to be paid agreeable to Regulations to be settled between the Paymaster General and His Majesty's Secretary at War, and the-Court of Directors of the EaffIndia Company.

9-

That the Company shall, from the 5th Day of July, 1782, until Peace shall be rellored with France, Spain, and Hollaitd, proviile and Supply all the Victualling, to be delivered in India, necessary for His Majesty's Ship's and Vessels, their Complements and Crews, and for their Sick and Hurt, during the Time such Ships and Vessels sent, or to be sent at the Requisition of the Company, shall be employed there; that a jyft and true, Account shall be kept thereof, properly authenticated, and vouched by the Governor ol- President and Council of the Company's Settlements in Indyi reflectively7, where such Supplies shall be fiirniflied, and from Time to Time transmitted Home to the Court ojf Direjftors, of the East India Company, who shall lay. such Accounts before the Lord's Commissioners cu His Mar, jesty's Treasury, who thereupon shall refer the lame, to the Comptroller and Commissioners of the Navy, for their Examination, and to put all, such Supplies in Charge against the Officer or Officers receiving the fame, or against, tfte Hospi tel for,j Sick and Hurt respectively, as the same may be*, £nd the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury shall from Time to Time during the Time aforesaid, within Forty Days after the' Receipt of such Accounts, so properly authenticated* and vouched, pay or cause Jto be paid to the said Company. One-fourth Part of the total Amount of all the Supplies so provided by the Company, which Ampunt shall be considered as the Sole Right and Property of the Company, freed from any Claim or Righ t of Participation on the Behalf of the Public, and shall be set apart and-applied for the Use of the Company; that from and after Peace shall be restored with France, Spain, and „

the Company shall in like Manner provide and supply all such Victualling at their Expence, Cost and Charge, and-that a proper Plan be formed by the Court of Directors with the Comptroller and the Commissioners of the Navy, for executing this Service in such Manner as may. best prevent all Fraud and Imposition, and unnecessary Expence, and as may be moll advantageous for the Public and for the Company: And in same it shall happen at any Time during the said Period, that by Reason of the Company being put to such Expences, 011 Account of supplying and victualling His Majesty's Ships and Vessels, and their Crews, in Manner beforermentioned, the net Profits of the Company realized in Great Britain shall be so reduced as not to be sufficient, together with One-fourth Part of the said Expences, to, produce to the Company, a Sum equal to£. 8 per Centum per Annum, on their Capital Stock of£. 3,200,000, then and in every such same the Public shall repay in Great Britain so much more of the Expences of supplying and victuaJling His Majesty's Ships and Vessels and Crews, if the Amount of such Supplies so fumished be equal thereto, as will make up to the Company a Sum equal to a Dividend 0f£. 8 per Centum per Annum on the Capital Stock of the said Company; such Payments to be made in Sterling Money, the Exchange for the Rupae being rated and taken at the usual current

2i Geo. III. 26°

543

rent Price of the Rupee at the Time of the Advance and Payment of the same in India.

10.

That the Company shall, so soon as it is in their Power, on the Requisition and under the Inspection of the Commissioners of the Navy, send out to India such Naval and Military Stores, in such Quantities, and of such Quality, as they ihfdl direct; and shall make timely Requisitions to the Navy Board for such Stores as cannot be provided by the Company, and shall also pay the said Navy Board for all Stores so provided by that Board.

11.

That from Midsummer 1782, the Company shall to the utmost of their PoweF supply, for the Wear and Tear and Repairs of such Ships and Vessels so employed in India, all Naval and Military Stores required by the Officer commanding the Fleet in India, or by any Officer commanding any of the 'King's Ships or Vt lless so employed in India, such Officer giving Triplicate Certificates for the fame; and the prime Cost of all such Naval and Military Stores as shall he delivered in India for the Use of His Majesty's Navy, shall be repaid to the Company in England, until Peace lha.ll be restored, within Forty Days after the proper Certificates shall have been delivered to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty'sTreasury, that such Naval and Military Stores have been furnished and supplied to any of His Majesty's Ship's and Vessels so employed in India-, apd in respect to the Naval and Military Stores exported from Great Britain, upon the Requisition of the Commissioners of the Navy, that the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall, within Forty Days after an Account of such Naval and Military ^tores shall have been so actually exported, and Proof made thereof, and proper Certificates shall be delivered^ such ^xpprta-tion, pay and advance, or cause to be paid apd advancecL to the Company, an Imprest upon Account of such Naval and Military Stores, nearly adequate to the Value thereof; and that a proper Plan be also formed, for regulating and executing this. Head of Service, by-the Court of Directors of the East, India Company, and the Comptroller and Commissioners of the Navy, in such Manner as may belt prevent all Fraud, Imposition, and unnecessary Expence on this Account, either to the Public or the Company; provided, that in the pvent of the Loss or Damage of the said Stores, or of any Part thereof by Sea or by an Enemy, or by any other Accident, the said Imprest shall be allowed to the ^Company in the final Settlement of the Account to the Value of the Stores so loft or damaged as aforesaid.

Lords of the Treasury on or so soon after the ift Day feast India of March in each Year, as the Receipt of the necefiar/

Materials from India shall enable the Company to form such Accounts.

14.

That the Surplus Profits to be appropriated to the Public* shall be paid annually into His Majesty's Exchequer, for the Disposition of Parliament, at such Times as shall be agreed between the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and the Court of Directors.

' *5'

- That the Power of drawing Bills of Exchange upon the Court of Directors be restrained, as it is by the A^ Thirteenth of George the Third.

16.

That no Bill, Promissory Note, or other Obligation for Money, issued or to be issued by any of the Cow* pany's Presidents and Councils or Servants in India or in China, find made payable there, shall become payable in England without the Consent of Eighteen of the Directors first obtained for that Purpose.

.17-

That no British Subject in the Service of the Company, or licensed by them to proceed shall,

during the Term of this Agreement, reside in any other Place in India than one of the Company's principal Settlements, or within Ten Miles thereof, without special Orders or Licence in Writing from the Company, or from their President or Governor and Council; nqr shall any such Person or Persons reside beyond such Limits as aforesaid, for longer Time than shall be specified in the Companyls Orders, or in his or their Licence or Licences respectively.

' 18.

That the Company's exclusive Rights and Privileges of.Trade- be so extended, as, to prevent the Importation of Goods and Merchandize, the Produce of the East Indies, by the Way of Suez, or by any other Channel, to the Prejudice of the Company.

19.

That such Regulations be formed, as shall, if possible, prevent Smuggling, and that no Power of Remission or Mitigation be vetted in the Court of Directors.

20.

'That Regulations be made to prevent the Desertion. of -the Company's Recruits, and that proper Places fee appointed to lodge such Recruits as are designed for the Company's Settlements in the East Indies.

12.

That from and after Peace shall be made with Spain, and Holland, the Company, so long as they shall be in Possession of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues in Bengal, Buhar, and Orijfa, shall furnish at their own proper Cost and Charge, such Naval and Military Stores as shall be necessary, and required, for such of His Majesty's Ships and Vessels as shall, at the Company's Request, remain on Service in in-Time

of Peace, for which Certificates shall nevertheless be granted; and all Certificates so granted for such Stores, shall be sent Home to the Court of Directors, and by them be tranlinitted to the Lords of the Treasury, apd by their Lordships sent to the Navy Board to be put in Charge against the Officers receiving the fame.

i8-

That Accounts of the gross Amount of all the Territorial Revenues received by the Company, and of all their Disbursements, Charges of Management, Civil, Military, and other Expencesand Charges, and also of the Company's Debts at each of their Settlements in India, and of the net Proceeds at each of their Settlements, shall be annually made up, and presented to the Vol. 38.

21.

That the Company be enabled to import and export Goods t6 and from this Kingdom, and Places within the Limits of the Company's Charter, in Ships by Purchase or otherwise the Property of the Com|>any; the same being navigated in the Manner prescribed by the Laws

now in being, respecting Brbuilt Ships.

22.

That tire Company's Marine Force at Bombay, and their other principal Settlements in India, be made sub-. jedt to the like Articles and Rules as the Ships of War in His Majesty's Service, so far as the Circumstances of the said Marine Force may render the same practicable* and that the President and Council in the respective Settlements, be authorized to issue Warrants for holding Courts Martial for the Trial of Offenders.

Ordered, That the said Petition, and the Propofitions

thereunto annexed, be referred to the Consideration df a Committee of the whole House.

llefolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition and Propositions.

Mr.

Chocolate.

Drugs itn» ported from Rufia.

544

i 6* Junii.

A. 1781

Supply BtH;

on

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to vvliom-jbe Bill for repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under the Management of tire Commissioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready Payment of the Allowances to be made to Brewers, out of the additional Duties imposed on Malt; and for rectifying a Mifrake in an Act; made in this present Session of Parliament, with respect to the exempting of Candles from the additional Duty of Five Pounds Centum upon the Duties of Excise, imposed by the said Act; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to Report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at die Clerk's Table.

And the House being informed that no Counsel attended;

The said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Folio 44, Line 13, being Severally read a Second Time, upon the Quefliorl severally put thereupon, Otle of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being fmt, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned fill this Day Three Months;

The House divided.

' The Yeas went forth.

the present Hqftitities, from any Place whatsoever, in British, Ir{/h, or Neutral Ships; and to permit Sugars, the Growth of Demerary and to he imported

into Great Britain, upon Payment of the like Duties,

and under the (ike Rest rift ions, as Sugars of the tish Islands in the West Indies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend, tuents thereunto; which: they had directed him to re* port, when the House will please to receive the same.'

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and BeDJ‘a' amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for establishiqg certain Regulations for tb

" better Managenjent of the Affairs of the u Company, as well in India as in ," as relates

to the Administration of Justice in Bengal: and for the Relief of certain Persons imprisoned at in Ben-

gal, under a Judgment of the Supreme Court of Judicature; and also for indemnifying the Governor General and Council of Bengal, and all Officers who have acted under their Orders or Authority', in the Resist-auce made to the Process of the Supreme Court, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further

Teller*: for the Yea, I Mr. AldermanlYeuwAtfTH, \ I ellers for the Yeas, j Mp Thomas {

Tellers for the Noes, infin: }

Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

45-

5°.

80 it passed in the Negative.

Then the Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed tb by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing Teh Dealers to take out two or more Permits, for fending Two or more Packages of Tea.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for restoring Goods feteed, When delayed in the Carriage, by unavoidable Necessity.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and-, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

IoU Debttn

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the lessening the Duty upon " Tin and Pewter exported, and granting an Equivalent for the same by a Duty upon Drugs," so far as the same relates to the Importation of Drugs from the Russian Dominions; and all'o an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Improvement of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs, and for the Encouragement of Officers making Seizures, and for the Prfcvenhon of the clandestine Running of Goods into , " any Part of His Majesty's Dominions;" to permit the Importation of Orcbilla Weed and Cobalt, during

1.5

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill foj* continuing in the Possession of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East for a further Time to be limited, and under certain Conditions, the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; for enabling the said Company, under certain Restrictions, to borrow, under the Seat of the said Company, any Sum of Money, not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds ;for reviving and continuing, for a further Time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,. " An Act for " eilabliffiing certain Regulations, for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, " as well in India as in Europe," as hath expired it* the Course of the present Year; and also, for establtilling certain other Regulations for the like Purposes; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered tile- Bill, with the Amendments, in at. the Clerk's Table; \V here the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necelfery to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Rcjbived, That the said Bill be re-committed so a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thutfday next, at Twelve of the Clock,'refoive itself into a Committee iof tire whole House, to consider further of the feitl Bill.

The

of the

East I|

coaqg

last India ompany'i Profits.

irehoufing f Sugars.

nchurch#

&c.

Road.

Registry of PapilU* Names.

Privilege % Franking.

21 Geo. III. 26® — 27® Junii.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for securing to the Public the Payment of Three-fourth Parts of the Net Profits of the East India Company at Home, above the Sum of £. 8 per Centum per Annum, upon the Capital Stock of the said Company, which have accrued from the First Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, to the First Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, was committed; be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to permit Sugars, the Produce of the British Blands in the West Indies, to be warehoused in this Kingdom, under certain Restrictions: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Eight of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second 'Imre.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 23* die Mauy

Anno 2i® Georgii IIIai Regis, 1781-

Praters.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords by Mr. and Mr. Hett:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from The Dun Cow, in the Town of Dunchurch, to the Town of HUlmorton, in the County of , and from thence

to Saint James's End, in the Parish of Dufton, in the County of Northampton; and for repealing the several Laws now in Force relating to the said Road; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to explain an Act, passed in the Third Year of George the First, intituled, "An Act for explaining an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names and " Real Estates;" and for enlarging the Time of such " registering; and for securing Purchases made by " Protestants " was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Cota-mittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report, which upon Monday last was made from the Committee, to whom the Complaint mode to the House of several Abuses in the charging with the Duty of Postage several Letters directed to the Honourable John Luttrell, aMemberof this House, was referred, be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Three First Resolutions of the Committee Vot. 38.

being severally read a Second Time, were, upion the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Hdufe.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till this Day Six Weeks.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, for railing upon the Bill.for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Ufi£ and Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee-

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair;

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-' meats thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Sinking Fund* upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thonftmd Seven hundred and Eighty-one; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an inftroftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause rf;

Credit. '

Ordered, That it be an Inftroftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That so much of His Majesty's Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the'

15th Day of November ‘1763, as relates to the Money arising from the Sale of rrizes vested in the Crown,' and to the Sums which should arise by the Sale of The Ceded Islands, being applied to the Public Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to- report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House && to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Company's to consider of the Petition of the United Company of Afiain. Merchants of England trading to The East and the Propositions thereunto annexed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same,

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

6 ZTbd

clandestine

Marriages.

Driving of Cattk in liOndon.

War in the Carnatic.

546 . 2 70 JA. 178t.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Mar* " -wages. "

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The' House divided.

The Noes went forth,

Td.eforteY«»S,^n^W^.- } »

Tdlers for the % ^d,naid, ] 43-

So it was resolved it the Affirmative,

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 2. 1. 27, by leaving out the Word " Eighteen" a«d inserting the Woids Twenty-one," in dead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Word " Eighteen" Hand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 2. 1. 28, by leaving out the Word " Sixteen" and inserting the Word " Eighteen," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word, " Six- teen" stand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by adding at the End thereof, the Words " or " during, the Joint Lives of the said Parties."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question pat thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by adding at the End of the last-mention«d Amendment, the Words " provided such Marriage " shall have existed for Twenty Years, or more, before " the Commencement of the Suit."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there added;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-ftxtb Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better preventing " of clandestine Marriages;" and for removing Doubts with respect to certain Marriages therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Fox do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Alderman Sawbridgd reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent the Mischiefs that arise from driving Cattle within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and Bills of

Mortality; was committed; That the Committee had gone'through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland, from the Committee of Secrecy appointed to enquire into the Causes of the War that now subsists in the Carnatic, and of the present Condition of the British Possessions in those Parts, and to report the same to the House, with their Observations thereupon; acquainted the House, That 11

the Committee had made sortie Progress in the Matters to them referred s and had directed him to make a Re* ort thereof to the House; and he read the Report in is Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Co pies of the said Report be printed, asflialJ be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland also, from the said Committee of Secrecy, acquainted the House, That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had dirqfted him to make another Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Reports do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Reports are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. Printed Copies are with the Originals.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the lessening the Duty upon Tin " and Pewter exported, and granting an Equivalent " for the same by a Duty upon Drugs," so far as the same relates to the Importation of Drugs from the Russian Dominions; and also, an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Improvement of " His Majesty's Revenue of Customs, and for the " Encouragement of Officers making Seizures, and " for the Prevention of the clandestine Running of '* Goods into arty Part of his Majesty's Dominions to permit the Importation of Orchilla Weed and Cobalt, during the present Hostilities, from any Place whatsoever, in British, Irijli, or Neutral Ships; and to permit Sugars, the Growth of Demerary and,

to be imported into Great Britain, upon Payment of the like Duties, and under the like Restrictions, as Sugars of the British Islands in The West Indies-, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Rill, and which they had directed lftm to report to the House'; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with tl\e Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration >he Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations " for the better Management of the Affairs of the

India Company, as well in as in ," as

relates to the Administration of'Justice in Bengal; and for the Relief of certain Persons imprisoned at Calcutta in Bengal, under a Judgment of the Supreme Court of Judicature; and also for indemnifying the Governor General and Council of Bengal, and all Officers who have acted under their Orders or Authority, in the Refinance made to the Process of the Supreme Court; was committed.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to

the

a Dti^i

imported from fiufit

AdmuTiftat* of Justice ii

Bengal.

2i Geo. III. ,2j° — 28* Junii.

the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Eo. 4. I. 2. being severall yread a Second Time, were, upon the Qucilion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the

House.

The Amendment in Fo. 4. I, 2. which was, after in" to insert " all," being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment; The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for fire Yeas, gfc \ 73

Tellers for the N~ } 5-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question feveially put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for enabllTig Robert Gregory, Esquire, to pay a Sum of Money, in the Company's Treasury, to the Repre-lentatives of Maharajah Nundcomar.

' And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Fo. 24. I. 11, by leaving out the Clause relating to Trials by J ury, in Cales of Wrong and Injury.

And the Motion for the said proposed Amendment Was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shalt be then ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Iafolrent . Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of e t0r8'. the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovh) 2 8° die Junii;

Anno 21* Georgii III'" Regis, 1781. . Praters.

Committee of the gjhole House, to whom the Bill for Supply Bill; granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out Sfund'g of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question' severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the East India Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition Company's of the United Company of Merchants of England A?a*r* trading to The EqJt Indies, and the Propositions thereunto annexed, were referred; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth: viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Proposal of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, for the Prolongation of their exclusive Trade for the Time therein mentioned, upon the Terms and Conditions therein specified, be accepted.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing in the Possession of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, for a further Time to b« limited, and under certain Conditions, the . Territorial A equations and Revenues lately obtained . in The East Indies-, for enabling the said Company under certain Restrictions, to borrow, under the Seal of the said Company, any Sum of Money, not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds; for reviving and continuing, for a further Time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for eftahi idling certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as " well in India as in Europe," as hath expired in the Course of the present Year, and also for establishing certain other Regulations for the like Purposes, is re-committed; That they have Power to receive aClause, or Clauses, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Ordered, That the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East , and the Propositions thereunto annexed, be referred to the said Committee.

topply ,'lHll; "\/f R- Ord, according to Order, reported from the *°T vaifibg jJVJL Committee of the whole House, to whom the ,.-1,000,000. gin for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the I louse; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Vol. 38.

An ingrossed Bill for veiling the Parish Church of inverting St. Saint Christopher Le Stocks, in the City of London, and Christopher'* the Materials and Scite thereof, and the Church Yard thereto adjoining, in the Governor and Company of the ,u 1 Bank of England, and their Successors, for ever; and for uniting the said Parish to the Parish of Saint Margaret, Lothbury, in the said City, was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting the Parish Church of Saint Christopher Le Stocks, in the City of London, and the Materials and Scite thereof, and the Church Yard thereto adjoining, in the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, for eVer;

and for uniting the said Parish to the Parish of Margaret, Lothbury, in the said City.

Ordered,

28* Jrnii.

A. 1781

Ordered, "that Mr. Ewer do 0rry tfite bill to the Lords, and desire their Concarrence.

Re

eg'fl]7 of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hoilfe NanS a to resolve itfelF into & Committee of the whole House,

' c' upon the ingrafted bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to explain On Act, passed in the Third Year of George the First; intituled, "An Act for explaining an " Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to oblige Papists to register their " Names and real Estates;v' and for enlarging the " Time of such registering; and for securing Purchases " made by Proteuants," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they . had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And tie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Hett:

Mr. Speaker,

Growth of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Heap and for rendering more effectual so much of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled,' " An Act for appropriating a Fund, established by an " Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty addi-w tiondl Duties on certain Foreign Linens imported " into this Kingdom, and for establishing a Fund for " the encouraging of the railing and dressing of Hemp " and Flax," as relates to the distributing and paying the Proportion of the Fund thereby appropriated for the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called England, by apply-' ing a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds per Annum, out of the said Arrears and Duties, to the Purposes aforesaid, for a Time limited; without any-Amendment: And also,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Advance for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and' Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of Two Millions, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one; without any Amendment: And also, Discomy The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Aft1 of d* for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Per-Longitude. ^ns certain Discoveries for finding the Longi-

tude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experi- raents relating thereto; without any Amendment. And then the Messengers withdrew.

from the Bank.

insolvent Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Debten. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till this Day Two Months;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the First Amendment made by the Committee 14

to the said Bill, being rehd a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, which was to fill the Blank with the Words "the ill Day of May 1781," being read a Second Time;

It was proposed to difagtfee With the Committee in the said Amendment, in order to fill the said Blank with the Wood's, "the 6th Day of June 1780."

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;'

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to; and the rqft were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to prevent Persons from taking the Benefit of the Act who shall have fraudulently removed Goods in order to avoid Payment of Rent.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for Relief of certain Persons arrested between the 8th.

Day of June 1780 and the 27 th Day of November following.

And the said Clause was T&ice read; and, upon tho Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be. made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Sir Herbert Mackxoorthreported from the Committee, stnfing at

to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in- receiving the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty *

King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for more " effectually discouraging and preventing the Healing,

" and the buying and receiving of stolen Lead, Iron,

" Copper, Brass, BeH Metal, and Solder, and for more " effectually bringing the Offenders to Justice," was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Sir Herbert Mackworth reported from the Committee, StwGoj to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made Lead, Jx. in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more " effectual punishing Stealers of Lead and Iron Bars " fixed to Houses, or any Fences belonging the reunto," wat committed; That the Committee had gone through, the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto;-which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill', with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table 1 Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingrafted Bill for repealing the Duties payable

upon Choeolne.

i Geo. III. a8° Jmii. 549

upon Chocolate made in Great ,and for granting

certain Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready Payment of the Allowances to be made to Brewers out of the additional Duties imposed on Malt; and for re6tifying a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, with respect to the exempting of Candles from the additional Duty of Five Pounds per Centum upon the Duties of Excise, imposed by the said Act, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clrtufe was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, that the Seizing Officer, where Permits are expired, shall proceed at his Peril, if Notice is given to him at the Time, that the Delivery of the Goods was prevented by unavoidable Accident or Necessity.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas. [} 24'

TeUerafor the^e,^^^ } *

So it-puffed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments following were Severally proofed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 21.I. 15. After " Time" to insert " directed " to one and the same Person or " Persons, where there are Two " or more in joint Trade or Partnership."

I. 26. After " Time" to insert " directed " to one and the same Person or " Persons, where there are Two % " or mote in joint Trade or " Partnership."

Pr. 36.1. 3. To leave out Fifth" and insert " Twentieth" instead thereof.

Pr. 37.1. 30. To leave out " Fifth" and insert " Twentieth" instead thereof.

Pr. 39.1. 21. To leave out Fifth" and insert 4 . " Twentieth" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in Great and for granting certain Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts iu lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready Payment of t he Allowances to be made to Brewers out of the additional Duties imposed on Malt; and for rectifying aMiftake in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, with respect to the exempting of Candles from the additional Duty of Five Pounds Centum upon the Duties of Excise, imposed by the said Act.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

farehoufinc A Petition of the Sugar Refiners of London, was pre->f Sugars, fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, That a Bill is depending, to allow Sugars of the Growth and Produce of the British Plantations, to be warehoused under the Care of the Officers of the Customs, upon Payment of a Part of the Duties, and upon the Importer's Bonds for the Payment

VoL 3

of the Remainder, and under certain other Restrictions and Regulations; and representing to the House, that it hath been the Usage in the Sugar Trade, from Time immemorial, for the Importers to pay the Duties on Sugars on or before the landing and housing of the fame; and they apprehend it would be a great Detriment to them, and to the Venders and Confutners of Sugar, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, as it would tend to promote and encourage Speculation in that Commodity, by better enabling the Importers to withhold their Sugars from the Market, and thereby increase the Price, which is already unreasonably high, causing great Injury to the Petitioners, and much public Discontent: And therefore praying the House to allow them to be heard, by Counsel or otherwise, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lieupon the Table, until the Bill to permit Sugars, the Produce of thq British Islands in the West Indies, to be warehoused in this Kingdom, under certain Restrictions, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard,' by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon, their Petition if they think fit.

A Petition of sundry Persons, being Owners or Oc-- Warehousing cupiers of Warehouses within the City of o{ Su6ar*-

Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That a Bill is depending before the House, to allow the warehousing of British Plantation Sugar under Bond, in which the Petitioners are informed there is a Clause to direct that such Sugars shall be lodged iu Warehouses which are contiguous to each other; and representing to the House, that the Petitioners possess or occupy Warehouses in the Port of London, which have been usually or occasionally let or employed for housing of Sugar, and which they apprehend do not come within the direct Intentions of the said Clause, and that it would be a great Hardship upon them to be restrained from letting or employing their said Premises for such Purpose, as the Value of such Premises would be reduced:

And therefore praying. That so much of the said Bill as tends to prevent the housing of Sugars in such Ware-houses, may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to permit Sugars, the Produce of the British Islands in the West Indies, to be warehoused in this Kingdom, under certain Restrictions, be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into ®tafe of Consideration the Petition of upwards of Two hundred American Prisoners, at present confined in Prison at Plymouth, on Behalf of themselves and others their Countrymen, 8(c. be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for Sick and Wounded and Prisoners of War, do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Da}'-, for the Third Administration Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, to explain and of a amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year *

of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better " Management of the Affairs of the Raft Lidia Company, as well in India as in Europe," as relates to the Administration of Justicein and for the

Relief of certain Persons imprisoned at Calcutta in Bengal, under a Judgment of the Supreme Court of Judicature; and also for indemnifying the Governor General and Council of Bengal, and all Officers who have acted under their Orders or Authority, in the Re-

7 A Aftauce

28° — 29* Junii. A> 1781.

o.

9°.

fi (lance made to the Process of the Supreme Court; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

And several Amendments being proposedto be made to the Bill;

A Motion was made and the Question being put, That the further Consideration of the said Bill be adjourned till this Day Three Months;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeasi d?rd

\ Mr. Dempster;

Tel lers for the Noes Mr' Smith,

tellers tartneJNoes, Mr:

So it passed in the Negative.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, byWay of Ryder, for Relief of certain Persons imprisoned at Calcutta by Order of the Supreme Court of Judicature.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 19. I. 1. To leave out from the Beginning of the Clause to " And" in I. 23.

Pr. 29,1. 6. To leave out from " Attorney" to " And," in Pr. 31. 1. 14.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That, the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to-explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for establishing certain " Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs " of the East India Company, as well in India as in " Europe," as relates to the Administration of Justice in Bengal; and for the Relief of certain Persons imprisoned at Calcutta in Bengal, under a Judgment of the SupremeCourtofJudicature; and also for indemnifying the Governor General and Council of Bengal, and all Officers who have acted under their Orders or Authority, in the Reliftance made to the Process of the Supreme Court.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Warehonfing Ordered, That the Bill to permit Sugars, the Proof Sugars, duce of the British Blands in The Indies, to be warehoused in this Kingdom, under certain Restrictions, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Territoriea of the East India Company.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for continuing in the Possession of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, for a further Time to be limited, and under certain Conditions, the Territorial Acquifttions and Revenues lately obtained in The East Indies; for enabling the said Company, under certain Restrictions, to borrow, under the Seal of the said Company, any Sum of Money not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds; for reviving and continuing, for a further Time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India " as in Europe," as hath expired in the Course of the present Year, and also for establishing certain other Regulations for the like Purposes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

16

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, fefolve itself into, the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V1 exerts, 290 die Junii;

Anno at* Georgii III'" Regis, 1781.

Pray ers.

jpESOLVED, That this House will, at the Riling Adjouranai of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise Supply H the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes /°r therein mentioned, was read the Third Time. 'oww

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one; ami for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Ilett:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Kfl for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon Almanack! Almanacks printed on One Side of any One Sheet or Piece of Paper; and for allowing a certain Annual Sum out of the said Duty to each of the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, in lieu of the Money heretofore paid to the said Universities by the Company of Stationers of the City of London, for the Privilege of printing Almanacks; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Coventry for the better regulating Elections of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of Coventry, with some Amendments: to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 37. Leave out from the Word " Month" to the Word " for," in Press 2.

Line 4.

P. 2. 1. 20. After the Word " Council" insert " and that the Council which shall " be holden on the First Tue/dat/

" in each Month, shall assemble at

" Tea

Supply B1 Sinking Fund.

21 Geo. III. .. 29s

Ten in the Morning, and coritinue open a convenient Time, for " receiving such Claims as shall " then be preferred; and the ! . " Council which shall be holden on

" the last in each Month

" shall continue open from the " Hour of Ten in the Morning till " Three o'Clock in the Afternoon " of the same Day, or for such " shorter Time as shall be found " sufficient, for hearing an I determining any Claims which shall " then have been preferred; and if " any such Claims shall then remain " unheard or undetermined, the " said Council shall be adjourned J from Day to Day, and continue

" open on each Day in Manner " aforesaid, for hearing and determining such Claims." l*r. 3.1. 31. After the Word " of" insert " all " Perfops claiming to be admitted Freemen, and of."

Pr. 4.1. 1 "j After the Word " for" leave out the

& > Words the Admission of Per-

2. J " fons," and instead thereof insert

receiving Claims of Persons claim* " ing to be admitted."

Pj r.4.1. 29. After "Apprenticeship" insert " and " that you have served Seven Years " Apprenticeship to one and the " same Trade, in the said City, or " the Suburbs thereof."

Pr. 4.1. 33. After " Election" insert " So help " you God."

At the End of the Bill, insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A.) And be it further Enacted by the " Authority aforesaid, That the " Dates of all Deeds or Indentures " of Apprenticeship, together with " the Names of the Parties, and " their Places of Abode, which " from and after the passing of this " Act, shall be made and executed " between any Person or Persons " residing in the said City of..Co* " ventry, or the Suburbs thereof, " and his, her, or their Apprentice " or Apprentices, under which such " Apprentice or Apprentices may " hereafter have a Right to be admitted to the Freedom of the said " City, shall be registered in a Book " to be kept for that Purpose by " the Town Clerk of the same City " for the Time being, within the " Space of Six Calendar Months " next after the Execution' thereof; " which the said Town Clerk is " hereby required to register, and " on such Deeds or Indentures to " indorse a Certificate of such Register; and in Default thereof " such Deeds or Indentures shall to " all Intents and Purposes be null " and void."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Sheffield do carry the Bill to the Ivords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House being informed that Mr. Milford,. from Vol. 38.

Junii. 551

the Commissioners of the Custortts in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House; pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Produce of the Rates and Duties, granted by an Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, on certain Foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom: And also.

An Account of the Number of Tons of Foreign Barilla, Pot Allies, Pearl Allies, and Brimflone, imported into Scotland, for Twelve Months preceding Christmds

1780; distinguishing the Quantity of each Sort, and the Duty paid per Ton for the fame.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session,

The House being informed that Mr, , from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door; lie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Duties of Excise paid on Coffee, from the 5th of July 1764 to the 5th of July 1773; distinguishing each Year, and the Foreign Coffee from the Briliffi Plantation Coffee,

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Petition of upwards of Two hundred American Prisoners, at present confined in Mill Prison at Plymouth, in Behalf of themselves and others their Countrymen, Sic.

And the said Petition was again read.

And Walter Farquharson and Richard Lulman, Esquires. Two of the Commissioners for Sick and Wounded and Prisoners of War, who were ordered to attend the House this Day, were severally called in; and, at the Bar, examined in Relation to the Subject Matter of the said Petition.

And then they . were severally directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being pqt. That it is the Opinion of this House, that the American Prisoners ought to be put upon the same Footing, with respect to the Allowance of Bread, as the Prisoners of France, Spain, and Holland;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas f S\r Philip Clerke,}

I euers for the I eas^ Mr: \

Tellers for the Noes Mr- Junior, \

i euers for the JNoes^ Mr john: j 75-

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, informing His Majesty of a Petition which has been presented to this House, signed by upwards of Two hundred Americans, in Behalf of themselves and others now confined in the Mill Prison at Plymouth; in which is set forth, that an Allowance of Cloathing, which they have heretofore been supplied with from Government, hath for some Time past been discontinued, and that they have but Two Thirds of the Allowance of Bread which is given to the Prisoners of,

Spain, and Holland, from which Circumstances; and from the Nature of their Commitment, and Want of an Agent, their Condition of Prisoners is peculiarly hard.: To inform His Majesty, that this House

hath

Accounts d? Linens and BariJIa imported*

Account of Duties on CoffeeT

State of American PrisonefS*

Driving of Cattle in London.

5* i

6ath examined the Commissioners for Sick and Wounded Seamen, to whom, under the Board of Admiralty, the Management of the said Prisoners is en» trusted, touching the said Complaint, and has found the same to be founded in Truth, so for as relates to the Allowance of Bread: To beseech His Majesty, that he would be graciously plea fed to give Orders, that the fahl Prisoners should no longer continue in a worse Condition as to Food than those of , Spain,

and iiolUmd, and that they should receive such further

Comforts and indulgences as their respective Cafes may deserve, and His Majesty in His Royal Wisdom shall think fit, fully convinced that such Acts of Humanity mud ever be pleating to His Majesty's generous Mind, and may be a powerful Means of reconciling the Hearts of the revolted Colonies to His Majesty's Government;

It palfed in the Negative.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that the Allowance of Provisions given to the American Prisoners, is to each Person in every Week Seven Quarts of Beer, Seven Pounds of Bread, Four Pounds and a Half of Meat, Four Ounces of Butter, or Six Ounces of Cheese, together with Two Pints of Pease, or Greens in lieu thereof; and that the said American Prisoners have, during their Confinement, been re-i markubly healthy.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, that the said Allowance is less by One Half Pound of Bread per Man per Diem than is allowed to French, and

Dutch Prisoners;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that the Cloathing furnished to the American Prisoners, has been fully fulTicient, and has been sent to them- as often as the same has appeared to he wanting; and that the said Cloatjiiqg is fornished at the Public Expense, and has never been difeontiqued.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent the Mischiefs that arise from driving Cattle within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and Bills of Mortality, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent the Mischiefs that arise from driving Cattle within the Cities of London and West-rnitfter, and Liberties thereof and Bills of Mortality.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Sawbridge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

— a* Julii. A. 1781.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; ami which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of'Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be fuse ficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Order of the befog rqa<j|, fbp.^she Wtrehoofaj Second Reading of the Bill to permit Sugars, the jfito- of duce of the Brili/Ch Islands iq 7 'hWejl be warehoused in this Kingdom, under certain {teftpic-tions; *

Ordered, That the said Bill qe now? read a Second Time

And the House being informed that no Counsel attended;

The foid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Biill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejotved, That this House will, upoq Monday Morning next, resolve itfolf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bid.

The House waa moved, That the Petition of the Sugar Refiners of London, which was Yesterday presented to the House, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be then heard by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

And then the House amounted till Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Territories of the East India Com-pan/.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, fop the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for continuing in the Pof-session of the United Company of Merchants o( England trading to The East Indies, for a further Time to be limited, and under certain Conditions, the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in The Fuji Indies; for enabling the said Company, under certain Rdtridions, to borrow, under the Seal of the said Company, any Sum of Money, not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds; for reviving and continuing, for a further 'lime to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Adairs of the East India Company, as well " in India as in Europe," as hath expired in the Course

of the present Year, and also, for establishing certain other Regulations for the like Purposes; be now read.

' And the said Order bdng read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the Laid Committee.

Lunce, z9 yulii;

Anno 2i# Georgii IIItW Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, that Persons at large shall deliver Schedules of their Effects.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Hauler to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. .4. 1. 17. After " Bail," to insert <( or for " Want of Bail."

Pr. 25. 1. 27. To fill the Blank with the Title of the Bill.

And

Infofont

Debtoo*

2i Geo. III.

2 °JUlri.

553

Security of the }ock Yard*.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question federally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors; and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cafes.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act so vest " certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Plymouth and " Sheerness, and for better defending the Passage of the

" River Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort," as relates to the Security of His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores at Plymouth, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for impevvering the Commissioners to allow Costs to the Owners of Lands, where the same shall be re-vested by the Bill.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to veil certain " Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, " in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty's " Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Plymouth and Sheerness, " and for better defending the Passage of the River " Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort," as relates to the Security of His Majesty's Docks, Ships* and Stores at Plymouth.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Sutton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

" for the Prevention of the clandestine Running of " Goods into any Part of His Majesty's Dominions to permit the Importation of Orchilla Weed and Cobalt during the present Hostilities, from any Place whatsoever, in Brili/h, Irish, or Neutral Ships; and to permit Sugars, the Growth of Demeraryand to be imported into Great Britain, upon Payment of the like Duties, and under the like Restrictions, as Sugars of the British Blands in the Indies.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. '

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cl*ndefnn« to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in eeitain Marriages. Churches and public Chapels, in which Banns had not usually been published before or at the Time of passing an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages;" withTome Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this. House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 7. After " who," insert " before the " Tenth Day of July One thousand " Seven hundred and Eighty-one,

" shall"

Pr.. 2. I. 8. After " solemnized," leave ott " or " shall solemnize,"

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Drags An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, made imported in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of King rom Russia. William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the lessen-

" ing the Duty upon Tin and Pewter exported, and " granting an Equivalent for the same by a Duty upon Drugs," so far as the same relates to the Importation of Drugs from the Russian Dominions; and also an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Improvement of His Majesty's Revenue of " Customs, and for the Encouragement of Officers " making Seizures, and for the Prevention of the " clandestine Running of Goods into any Part of His Majesty's Dominionsto permit the Importation of Orchilla Weed and Cobalt during the present Hostilities, from any Place whatsoever, in British, or Neutral Ships; and to permit Sugars, the Growth of Demerary and Essequibo, to be imported into Great Britain, upon Payment of the like Duties, and under the like Restrictions, as Sugars of the British Blands in the West Indies, was read the T hird Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "'An Act for the lessening the ' " Duty upon Tin and Pewter exported, and granting " an Equivalent for the same by a Duty upon Drugs," so far as the same relates to the Importation of Drugs from the Russian Dominions; and also an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His prtTent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Improvement " of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs, and f;r the " Encouragement of Officers making Seizures, and VOL. 38.

A Petition of sundry Persons. being Owners or Warrhoufirg Occupiers of Warehouses within the City of of Sugars,

or in Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to permit Sugars, the Produce of the British Islands in The West Indies, to be warehoused in this Kingdom under certain Restrictions; and Setting forth, That there is a Clause in the said Bill, to limit the Warehonfing of Sugars so such Warehouses as shall be in complete Stacks upon the legal Quays between the Tower of London and Ijmdon Bridge, or not exceeding f'ome Ditlance (not yet express'ed) to the Northward thereof, in the Port of London-, and representing to the House, that the Petitioners pofl'els Warehouses in the Port of London, proper for the Houfnig of Sugars, some of which are of great Value, or are held at great Rents, and which, by the said Act, will be rendered incapable of being let out or used for the Purpose Of Warehousing Sugars, to the great Hard ill ip and Injury of the Petitioners; and further representing to the IToufe, that a Petition was presented on the Petitioners Behalf again!!

so much of the said Bill as tended to limit their Privileges and to depreciate the Value of their Premises, which Petition did not contain any Prayer that the Parties might be heard by Counsel again!! the said Clause, it being then believed, from the Lateness of the Session, that the said Bill could not pass into a Law, but the Petitioners find that a further Progress hath been made in the said Bill, and that the same is ordered to be considered in a Committee of the whole House: And therefore praying the House to allow them to be heard, by Counsel, against so much of

7 B the

.1

A.i^i

554

2 — 3°

the said Bill as may have Relation to their Interests, before the said Bill shall come under the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Upon the said Bill, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dernpjler look the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dempjlerreported from the Committee, That they

had gene through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Martis, 3* die Julii;

Anno 21° Georgii III. U Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, St»alin* made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his Led, &c. late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An " Act for the more effectual punishing Stealers of " Lead and Iron Bars fixed to Houses, or any Fences " belonging the reunto," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " more effectual punishing Stealers of Lead and Iron " Bars fixed to Houses, or any Fences'belonging " thereunto."

Ordered, That Sir Herbert Ma do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Driving of Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Bull do carry to the Cattle In Lords, the ingrossed Bill to prevent the Mischiefs that

London. arise from driving Cattle within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and Bills of Mortality; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Territories of The House proceeded to take into further Con-

the East India sideration the Report from the Committee of the whole Company. House, to whom the Bill for continuing in the Possession of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, for a further Time to be' limited, and under certain Conditions, the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in The East Indies-, for enabling the said Company, under certain Restrictions, to borrow, under the Seal of the said Company, any Sum of Money, not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds; for reviving and continuing, for a further Time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing " certain Regulations for the better Management of " the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in " India as in Europe," as hath expired in the Course of the present Year, and also for establishing certain other Regulations for the like Purposes, Was re-committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till To-morro^ Morning, Ten of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, Stealing made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his recewmf late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " An Lea " " Act for more effectually discouraging and preventing " the Healing, and the buying and receiving of stolen " Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, Bell Metal, and Solder,

" and for more effectually bringing the Offenders to " Justice," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Secohd, intituled, "An Act for more " effectually discoilraging and preventing the dealing,

" and the buying and receiving of stolen Lead, Iron,

" Copper, Brass, Bell Metal, and Solder, and for more effectually bringing the Offenders to Justice." Ordered, That Sir Herbert Mackworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

I'J

c.

Printing

Bills.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Cl Addressbe presented to His Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Folliot Comezcall, Chaplain to this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Exp'ences attending the printing the Copies of Rills, Reports, and other Papers, Which have been printed by Order of this House, in this Session of Parliament; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be pTefented so His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's moil honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the Printing End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of Jour8j!-this present Session, be printed.

Ordered, That One thousand Five hundred Copies of the said Journal be printed, by the Appointment, and under the Direction, of John Esquire,

Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal be printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker: and that no other Person do presume to print the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to pkr», His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Seven hundred Pounds to be advanced to John Hatfell, Clerk of this House, towards defraying

the

2i Geo. III.

3° — 5°

the Expence of printing the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session; and to defray such extraordinary Expences as have been, or shall be, incurred on Account of the printed Journals and Reports of this House; and to a dure His Majesty that this House will make good the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to II is Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expence of printing and delivering the Votes of this House of this Session of Parliament; and to adure His Majesty that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Addredes be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for continuing in the Pofiedion of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, for a further Time to be limited, and under certain Conditions, the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in The East Indies-, for enabling the said Company, under certain Restrictions, to borrow, under the Seal of the said Company, any Sum of Money, not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds; for reviving and continuing, for a further Time to be limited, so much of an Act, Wade in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the " Adairs of the East India Company, as well in India u as in Europe," as hath expired in the Course of the present Year, and also for establishing certain other Regulations for the like Purposes, be no to read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Billwas read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed so be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 33. 1 24. After " Navy*' to insert " ViHufiling, and Sick and Wounded " Seamen."

Pr. 35. I. 28. After " Navy*' to insert " and Office of Ordnance."

Pr. 36. I. 19. After " Exportation" to insert " to " the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy."

Pr. 38. 1. 38. After " Peace" to insert " with the " European Powers."

Pr. 39. I. 11. After " Navy" to insert and Office of Ordnance."

I.28. After " Victualling" to insert *c and " Sick and Wounded Seamen, " and Office of Ordnance."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for establishing an Agreement with the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, for the Payment of the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds for the Use of the Public, in full Discharge and Satisfaction of all Claims and Demands of the Public, from the Time the Bond Debt of the said Company was reduced to One Million Five hundred Thousand Pounds, until the First Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in The East Indies; and also for securing to the Public, in respect thereof, for a Term therein mentioned, a certain Part or Proportion of the clear Revenues and Profits of the said Company; and for granting to the said Company, for a further Term, the foie and exclusive Trade to and from The East Indies, and Limits therein mentioned; and for establishing certain Vot. 38.

555

Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the said Company, as well in India as in Europe, and Ihe recruiting the Military Forces of the said Company.

Ordered, That Mr. John Robinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Dempster reported from the Committee of the Warehousing whole House, to whom the Bill to permit Sugars, the of Sugar*. Produce of the British Islands in The West Indies, to be

warehoused in this Kingdom, under certain Restrictions, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his PI ace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be now read.

Then the Counsel against the Bill were called in.

And the said Report was read.

And the Petition of the Sugar Refiners of London; and also the Petition of sundry Persons, being Owners or Occupiers of Warehouses within the City of London, or in Parts adjacent, against the said Bill, were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, in Support of the Allegations of the said Petitions.

And then they were directed to withdraw.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing the Commissioners of the Customs to permit the Use of other Warehouses than those described in the Act, if they shall think proper.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

And then the House adjourned till Thursiay Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 50 die y;

Anno 2i* Georgii IIP® Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

X. > - a f

THE Lord Advocate of Scotland, from the Com- War in the mittee of Secrecy appointed to enquire into the Carnatic. Causes of the War that now subsists in The Carnatic, and of the present Condition of the British Possessions in those Parts, and to report the same to the House, with their Observations thereupon; delivered in to the House an Appendix to tile First Report, which was made from the said Committee on Wednesday the 27 th Day of June last.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Appendix be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Appendix is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Magistrates, Town Council, Mer- Petition chants. Owners of Ships, Traders ,&c. of the Port of respedling Air, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have maturely considered a avjr' Maritime Plan for manning the Royal Navy voluntarily, and for the better Regulation of Seamen in the Merchants Service, which was printed by Order of the House; and are clearly convinced that an Act, to incor-

por$e

Supply Bill;

for railing

£1,000,000.

Supply Bill; Sinking Fund

Supply Bill; Du i?s on Chocolate.

Chaplain.

Printing Bil s,&c. and Journal.

55 6

5' Jdii.

A. 1781.

porate the Brilijk Seamen, with fitch numerous and ex-tgnfive Privileges as are held forth in the said Plan, is a Measure well calculated to an fiver the above-mentioned Purposes, and in every Part practicable, as it will greatly increase the power, and expedite the Naval Operations, and tend equally to increase and facilitate our Commer-cial Operations; and that the Petitioners, having often experienced the many long, dangerous, and expensive Delays ocenfioned to the Naval and Commercial Ope-rations of this Empire, by the present Mode of Manning the Royal Navy, arc extremely happy to find, that a Measure so well calculated to prevent the like Evils in future, has so far gained the Consideration and Sanction of the House: And therefore praying the House to resume the Consideration of the said Plan; and to order in a Bill upon the Principles thereof, that the same may be parted into a Law, with 1‘uch Alterations and Improvements as the House shall think proper to make.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Eaines;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sunt of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One t'housand Seven hundred and Eighty-one; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

' The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready Payment of the Allowances to be made to Brewers out of the additional Duties imposed on Malt; and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, with respect to the exempting of Candles from the additional Duly of Five Pounds per Centum upon the Duties of Excise, imposed by the said Act; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The T ord Hinchingbrook reported to the House, That

their Address of Tuesdaylall (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend M r. Folliot Jain to this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Folliot Cornewalt, as is desired.

' The Lord Hinchingbrook also reported to the House, That their Adresscsof TucJ'day lall (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expences attending liie printing the Copies of Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been printed by Order of this I Joule, in this Session of Parliament; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Seven hundred Pounds to be advanced to JohnIIat fell, Esquire, Clerk of this

House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this preleut Session; and to defray such extraordinary Expences as have been, or shall be, incurred on account of the printed Journals and Reports of this House; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expence of printing and delivering the Votes of this House of this Session of Parliament; and to allure His Majesty that this House will make good the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that Ill's Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Addresses.

An ingrossed Bill to permit Sugars, the Produce of Warebovfof the British Islands in The West Indies, to be warehoused ®USKS-

in this Kingdom, under certain Restrictions, was read the Third Time. \

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. I. 5. To leave out from " that" to the End of Lyne 6; and inlert " it shall " and may be lawful for" instead thereof.

1. 8. To leave out " from permitting the " Ul'e" and insert " in,

" if they shall judge it to be necessary to permit and approve," instead thereof.

1. 9. To leave; out " in" and insert " within" instead thereof.

1. 10. To leave out " than those" and insert " without the Limits" instead thereof.

1. 11. To leave out " from being" and insert " to be" instead thereof.

1. 16. To leave out " other."

1. 17. After " herein" to insert " before."

1. 18. To leave out from " Sugars" to " And" in Line 35.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to permit Sugars, the Produce of the British Islands in The West Indies, to be warehoused in this Kingdom, under certain Restrictions.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Refolded, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjownmen: House this Day, adjourn till Wednesd Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Carnairoi the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Carnarvon, in the County of Carnarvon, in the room of Glynn Wynn, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Town, hath accepted the Office of Receiver General of His Majesty's Land Revenue, within the several Counties of North Wales, and County Palatine of Chester.

The House being informed that Mr. Glidaon, from Westminster the Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting Paving-the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City of Westminster, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

Copy of the Minutes of the Commissioners forpntting in Execution the several Acts, passed in the Second,

Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty *s Reign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, from the 4II1 Day of January 1780 to the 19th Day of December 1780, both inclusive; also an Account of all Contracts made by the said Commissioners, from the

A (Tent Bill*.

21 Geo. III. 5° Julii. 557

the And 4th Day of J 'annaryi 780 to the said 1 gth Day of December 1780, both inetulive.

And then iie withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do he upon the Table, to be pended by the Members of the Hotife.

The said Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message by Sir Francis Gentleman

Uiher of the Black Bod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission lor declaring His Royal Assent to levtral Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Deftre of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers; where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: "Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament:

An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of Two Millions towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundredfold Eighty-one:

An Act to direct the Payment into the Exchequer of the respective Balances remaining in the Hands of the several Persons therein named, for the Lfe and Benefit of the Public; and for indemnifying the said respective Persons and their Representatives in respect of such Payments, and against all future Claimsrelating thereto; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready Payment of the Allowances to be made to Brewers out of the additional Duties imposed on Malt; and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, with respect to the exempting of Candles from the additional Duty of Five Pounds per Centum upon the Duties of Excise, imposed by the said Act: An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon Almanacks printed on one Side of any one Sheet or Piece of Paper; and for allowing a certain Annual Sum out of the said Duty to each of the Uni-yerfities of Oxford and Qambridg in lieu of the Money Vol. 38.

heretofore paid so the said Universities by the Company of Stationers <;f the City of Londfor the Privilege of printing Almanacks:

An Act for rendering more effectual so much of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled," An Act for apprnpriatingaFund, established " by an Act, made in the Seventh Year of th- Reign " of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty " additional Duties on certain Foreign Linens irriported into this Kingdom, and for efiahlifliing a " Fund for the encouraging of the railing and dressing " of Hemp and Flax," as relates to the distributing and paying the Proportion of the Fund thereby appropriated for the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called England, by applying a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds per Annum, out of the said Arrears and Duties, to the Purposes aforesaid, for a Time limited:

An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating the reto:

An Act to explain an Act, passed in the Third Year of George the First, intituled, "An Act for explaining

an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament,

" intituled, "An Act to oblige Papists to register their " Names and real Estates;" and for enlarging the " Time of such registering, and for securing Purchases " made by Protestants:"

An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and Public Chapels, in which Banns had not uftially been published before or at the Time of passing an Act, madeinthe Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better.

" preventing of Clandestine Marriages:"

An Act for the better regulating Elect ions of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of Coventry:

An Act for erecting a new Gaol, and for removing certain Gateways, in the City of; and for amending the several A6Is passed for the Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the said City, and lighting, paving, and regulating the Streets there:

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from The Dun C010, in the Town of Dunchurch, to the Town of Hillmorton, in the County of Wartcick, and from

thence to Saint James's End, in the Parish of Dujton, in the County of Northampton; and for repealing the several Laws now in Force relating to the said Road: An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of in

the County of Worcester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Land, within the Manor and Parish of Kington, in the County of Worcester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within, and belonging to, the Manor and Parish of Preston BiJJelt, in the County of Bucks.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

7$

558

Drags imported from Kuki«»

Stealing Lead, &c.

Stealing and receiving of Lead, &c.

Driving of Cattle in London.

Security of the Dock Yards.

JtefideDCt of the Clergy.

In vetting St

Christopher's Church, ire. in the Bank.

Mercurii, 11*

Anno 21* Georgii III'" Regis, 1781. Prayers.

A MESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Earncs and Mr. Montagu: Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the lessening the Duty upon Tin " and Pewter exported, and granting an Equivalent for " the same by a Duty upon Drugs," so far as the same relates to the Importation of Drugs from the Russian Dominions; and also an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Improvement of His Majesty's " Revenue of Customs, and for the Encouragement of Officers making Seizures, and for the Prevention of " Jhe clandestine Running of Goods into any Part of " His Majesty's Dominions;" to permit the Importation of OrchiUa Weed and Cobalt, during the present Hostilities, from any Place whatsoever, in Irish,

or Neutral Ships; and to permit Sugars, the Growth of Demerary and Fffl-quibo, to be imported into Great Britain, upon Payment of the like Duties, and under the like Restrictions, as Sugars of the British Islands in The West Indies-, without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual " punishing Stealers of Lead and Iron Bars fixed to Houses, or any Fences belonging the reunto;" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the BUI, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an A^» made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his Jate Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for more effectually " discouraging and preventing the dealing, and the " buying and receiving of stolen, Lead, Iron, Copper, " Brass, Bell Metal, and Solder; and for more effectually " bringing the Offenders to Justice;" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the Mischiefs that arise from driving Cattle within the Cities of London and and

Liberties thereof, and Bills of Mortality; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to veil certain Meftupges, Lands, " Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trqftees, for the " better feciiripg His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and " Stores, at Plymouth and and for better

" defending the Passage of the River Thames at " Gravesend and Tilbury Fort," as relates to the Security of His Majesty"s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Plymouth-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to promote the Residence of the Parochial " Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy and effectual building, re-building, repairing, or " purchasing, Houses, and other necessary Buildings " and Tenements, for the Use of their Benefices;" with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Parish Church of Saint Le

17

Julii. A. 1781.

Stocks,.in the City of London, and the Materials and Scite thereof, and the Church Yard thereto adjoining, in the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, for ever; and for uniting the said Parish to the Parish of Saint Margaret, Lothbury, ill the said City; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing an Agreement with the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, for the Payment of the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, for the Use of the Public, in full Discharge and Satisfaction of all Claims and Demands of the Public, from the Time the Bond Debt of the said Company was reduced to One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds, until the First Day of March One thousand Seven hundred ayd Eighty-one, in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in The East Indies-, and also, for securing to the Public^in respect thereof, for a Term therein mentioned, a certain Part or Proportion of the clear Revenues and Profits of the said Company; and for granting to the said Company, for a further Term, the foie and exclusive Trade to and from The East Indies, and Limits therein mentioned; and for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the said Company, as well in as iu

Europe, and the recruiting the Military Forces of the said Company; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Extracts of Letters to and from Fort Saint George, relative to the Affairs of Hyder Khdn, from the ill Februanj 1780 to the last Advices: And*also,

N° 2. Extracts of Fort Saint George Consultations* relative to the Affairs of Hyder Ali Khdn, from the 18th April 1780 to the last Advices received: And also,

N° 3. Extracts of Letters to and from Fort Saint George, and of Fort Saint George Confutations, relative to the Settlement and Succession of the Nabob of Arcof, and his Successors, jn The Carnatic: And also. N° 4. Extracts of Advices to Fort Saint,

concerning the Acquisition and Disposal of the Gunloor drear: And also,

N° 5. Extracts of Advices from Fort Saint George, concerning the Acquisition and Disposal of the Gunloor Circar:And also,

N° 6. Extracts of Fort Saint George Confutations, concerning the Acquisition and Disposal of the Gunloor Circar: And also,

N° 7. Extracts of Bengal Consultations, concerning the Acquisition and Disposal of the Gunloor Circar: And also,

N° 8. Extracts of Letters to Fort Saint George, relative to the Princes or Chiefs on the Coall of Coromandel called Polygars, and the State of their several Countries, from the Year 17 to the lall Advices: And also,

N° 9. Extracts of Letters from Saint George, relative to the Princes or Chiefs on the Coast of Coromandel called Polygars, and the State of their several Countries, from the Year 176a to the last Advices: And also,

N° 10. Extracts of Fort Saint George Consultations, relative to the Princes or Chiefs on the Coall of Coromandel called Polygars, and the State of their several Countries, from 4U1 January 1762 to 29th November 1765: And also,

N° 11. Extracts of Fort Saint George Consultations,

relative

Tcrriienes of the East tatia Company.

East Totfit Affair*.

11 Geo. III.

11

relative to the Princes or Chiefs on the Coast of Coromandel called Polygars, and the State of their several Countries, from 29th November 1765 to 20th August 1770: And also,

N° 12. Extracts of Fort Saint George Consultations, relative to the Princes or Chiefs on the Coast of Coromandel called Polygars, and the State of their several Countries, from 20th August 1770 to the last Advices: And also,

N° 13. Extracts of Letters to Fort Saint re-

lative to the letting and managing the Territories called The Northern Circars, from 30th December 1763 to the last Advices: And also,

N° 14. Extracts of Letters from Fort Saint relative to the letting and managing the Territories called The Northern Circars, from 9th November 1762 to the last Advices: And also,

N° 15. Extracts of Fort Saint George Consultations, relative to the letting and managing the Territories called The Northern Circars, from 19th August 1762 to 22d October 1765: And also,

N° 16. Extracts of Fort Saint George Consultations, -relative to the letting and managing the Territories called The Northern Circars, from 5th January 1767 to 1 ft November 1776: And also,

N° 17. Ext rafts of Fort Saint George Consultations, relative to the letting and managing the Territories called The Northern Circars, from ift November 1776 to 16th December 1778: And also,t

N° 18. Extracts of Fort Saint Consultations,

relative to the letting and managing the Territories called The Northern Circars, from 16th 1778,

to the last Advices received.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Herbert MackwortJi reported from the Committee, who were appointed to consider whether by any, and by what Means, more effectual Encouragement can be given to Volunteers to enter on board His Majesty's Ships of War, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House; That the Committee, having taken that Matter into their Consideration, and having examined several Plans and Systems relative thereto, had directed him to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill more efTeCiually to supply with Seamen His Majesty's Ships of War when Occasion shall require; and to encourage Men, under certain. Regulations and Bounties, voluntarily to engage themselves for that Service whenever they shall be duly called for.

And Sir Herbert Mack moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a , Bill more effectually to supply with Seamen His Majesty's Ships of War when Occasion shall require; and to encourage Men, under certain Regnlatious and Bounties, voluntarily to engage themselves for that Service whenever they shall be duly called for: And that Sir Herbert Mackxoorth, Sir James Cock burn, Mr. Francis

Eyre, Mr. Webb, Mr. Sinclair, Sir Adam Fcrguffon, Mr. Hartley, Mr. Minchin, Mr. Majterman, Mr. Turner, Mr. Anthony Bacon, and Sir William Dolben, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

welting St. The House proceeded to take into Consideration the hnftopher's Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, the VankV -An Act; for vesting the Parish Church of Saint. Christopher Le Stocks, in the City of London, and the.Materials and Scite thereof, and the Church Yard thereto adjoining, in the Governor and Company of the Bank of Vol. 38.

Julii. S59

England, and their Successors, for ever; and for uniting the said Parish to the Parish of St. Margaret, Loth-bury, in the said City.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Press 6. line 35. Leave out " Presentation" and insert " Collation.

Press 12. line 24. Leave out " the Part or Share " of."

lines

( Leave out " as far as the faipe

Nsval

iTolunteeis.

9 f " will extend.

39-J

Press 15. line. 7. After thereto" insert " antj " from and after the Death,

" Resignation, Cession, Deprivation, or Amoval, of either " of the said Incumbents, the " said Parishes of Saint u garet Lothbury apd Saint " C Le Stocks shall " be deemed, taken, and reputed to be One Benefice,

" and be for ever held and enjoyed as such: Provided always, That nothing herein " contained shall affect or alter " the Right of Presentat ion of the' Chancellor, or lx>r£

" Keeper or Commissioners of " the Great Seal for the Time " being."

Press 16. line 10. Leave out " before"

Press 17. line 3. Leave out " First Presentation'' and insert " next Collation or " Presentation, as the same " shall happen to require." ' The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr.' Ewer do <*f>y the Bill to thfe Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House being informed that Mr. Milford, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of Coffee exported from Scotland, from Christmas 1764 to Christmas 1773, and the Duties drawn back thereon, distinguishing each Year, and the Foreign Coffee from the British Plantation Coffee.

And then he withdrew.

Apd the ;Title of the said Account was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments pnade by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to promote the Residence of the " Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more " speedy and effectual building, re-building, repairing, " or pu.rfchafing Houses, and other necessary Buildings " and Tenements, for the Use of their Benefices.*' And ,the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz. ' '

Pr. 1. 1. 30 f After the Word "impracticable" leave and > out the Words " or very ' flow agd 31. J " tedious.'' '

Pr. 2. 1. 33. Leave out from the Word " Aft" to the Word " And" in Press 7, lipe 18.

Pr. 8.

Account of

Coffee

exported.

ReGdence of the Clergy.

560 n* — i 6 . 1781.

Pr. 8. 1, g. Leave out from the Word " living" to the " Word, " according" in line 13 of the same Press.

Pr. 8. 1. 14. Leave out the Words " the Statutes" and insert " a Statute."

Pr. 8. 1. 15. Leave out the Words "and Twenty-first Years" and insert " Year." The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Air. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Territories The Lloufe proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled. Company An Act for establishing an Agreement with the United Company of Merchants of

Indies, for the Payment of the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, for the Use of the Public, in full Discharge and Satisfaction of all Claims and Demands of the Public, from the Time the Bond Debt of the said Company was reduced to One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds, until the First Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in The East Indies-, and also, for securing to the Public, in respect thereof, for a Term therein mentioned, a certain Part or Proportion of the clear Revenues and Profits of the said Company; and for granting to the said Company, for a further Term, the lble and exclusive Trade to and from The East Indies, and Limits therein mentioned; and for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the said Company, as well in India as in Europe, and the recruiting the Military Forces of the said Company. _

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Press 41. line 16. After the Word " Ships" insert

" in the Space of any One Year."

" venting Frauds therein; for the more punCtual and " ready Payment of the Allowances to be made to " Brewers out of the additional Duties imposed on " Malt; and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act, made " in this present Session of Parliament, with respect to " the exempting of Candles from the additional Duty " of Five Pounds pe.v Centum upon the Duties of Excise, imposed by the said Act;" And that Mr. Attorney General and Sir Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in Great Britain, and for grantingeertain Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts in lieu thereof; " for the better and more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under " the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, " and for preventing Frauds therein; for the more " punCtual and ready Payment of the Allowances to " be made to Brewers out of the additional Duties imposed on Malt; and for rectifying a Mistake in an " Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, with " respect to the exempting of Candles from the additional Duty of Five Pounds per Centum upon the " Duties of Excise, imposed by the said Act: " And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That the several Entries in the Journal of the House of the 3d Day o 1744,

in relation to the Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act made that Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for the speedy and effectual recruiting of His MaJelly's Land Forces and Marines for the Year 1744," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossld.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. John Robinson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Adjournment. Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 16° Julii:

Anno 210 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

Duties on f\RD ERED, That Leave be given to bring in a

Chocolate, Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in this *c* present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for

" repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate made " in Great Britain, and for granting certain Inland " Duties upon Cocoa Nuts in lieu thereof; for the " better and more effectual securing the Revenue of " Excise, and of the Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and for pre-

An ingrossed Bill to rectify a M iftnke in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate " made in Great Britain, and for granting certain " Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts in lieu thereof; for " the better and more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under the " Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and " for preventing Frauds therein; for the more punCtual " and ready Payment of the Allowances to be made " to Brewers out of the additional Duties imposed on " Malt; and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act, made " in this present Session of Parliament, with respect to " the exempting of Candles from the additional Duty " of Five Pounds per Centum upon the Duties of Excise, imposed by the said Act," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title be, an Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate " made in Great Britain, and for granting certain Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts in lieu thereof; for the " better and more effectual securing the Revenue of " Excise, and of the Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein; for the more punCtual and " ready Payment of the Allowances to be made to <e Brewers out of the additional Duties imposed on " Malt; and for rectifvinga Mistake in an Act made, " in this present Session of Parliament, with respect to

4i Geo. III. 16° Juhi

" the exempting of Candles from the additional Duty " of Five Pounds per Centum upon the Duties of Excise,

" imposed by the said Act. '

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Pep)/s:

Mr. Speaker,

Administration The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act of Justice in to explain and amend so much ofan Act, made in the Bengal. Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations " for the better Management of the Affairs of the Esajl - " India Company, as well in India as as relates to the Administration of Justice in; and for the Relief ofeertain Per foils imprisoned at Calcutta in Bengal under a Judgmen t of the Supreme Court of Judicature; and also for indemnifying the Governor Ge-. neral and Council of Bengand all Officers wjio have tifted under their Orders or Authority^ In the Refinance fnade to the Process of the Supreme Court; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefl'engers withdrew'.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and arp as followeth; viz} .

Pr. 2. 1. 36. After " that" leave out " the," and insert " with respect to fuph."

Pr. 2. 1. 38. After " Council" insert "as."

Pr. 2. 1. 38. After " do" leave out " not," and insert *or shall." .

Pr. 2. 1. 39. Leave out " deprive."

Pr. 2. I. 39. After "Subject"insert"or Subjects." Pr. 2. 1. 39. Leave out from " Sulyect" to." the," in Press 3. line 2.

Pr. 3. 1. 3. After " have"insert ".and retain as."

Pr. 3. 1. 29. After " Council" leave out " such Person," and insert " and."

Pr. 3. 1. 35.' After " Complaint" insert " by Indictment. Information, or Action." .

Pr. 4. 1. 6. After " Witnesses*' insert " upon the

" Matter of the said Complaint,

" and also on the Part of the Person or Persons complained of." Pr. 4. 1. 10. After " Defence" insert"and also relative to any Mandamus or Commission to be ifl'ued by any of 1 " His Majesty's Courts in Westmin-

" Jter Ilally in case the Court upon " Motion shall think fit to issuethe " fame."

Pr. 4. 1. 11 After " any" leave out " Indictment and > " or Information before the King's

12.J " Bench," and insert " Suit in such

" Cafes."

Pr. 4. 1. 18. After "the" insert " supreme."

Pr. 4. 1. 27. After " Council" insert " and also " the Depositions which shall have " been taken in Manner aforesaid " before the Supreme Court."

Pr. 4. I. 29. After " " leave out. " as

" the Originals of the same should " in Law betaken and held." *t Pr. 5. 1. 8. After " Court" leave out " shall not

" hold any Plea or Process," and insert " thall not have or exercise " any Jurisdiction in any Matter." Pr. 5. 1. ix. After thereof' insert " according to " the Usage and Practice of the " Country, or the Regulations af " the Governor General and Council."

Vol. 38.

Pr. 5. 1. 11. Leave out from " thereof" to " And,"

in the 2 2d Line of the same Press. 0 "*

Pr. 5. I. 23. After "Persons" leave out " who " flia.ll or ftiail not be."

Pr. 5. 1. 26. Leave out from "no" to " thall" in the 31 ft Line of the same Press, and insert "Person."

Pr. 6. 1. 12. Leave out from " Orifd" to " for," in the 17th Line of the same Press, and insert " or."

Pr. 6. 1. .22. After " Orijfa" leave out " except " the said Lands or Farms lie ... ." within the Maratta Ditch aforesaid.".

Pr. 1. 25. After " no", leave out " Native of " HindojKan shall become subject " to the unifdiction of the said Su-i " prenie Court," and insert " Person." . !

Pr. .6. .1. 31,. After " them"- insert "or."

Pr. 7. .1, 2. After " Britain" leave out " in any h " civil or criminal Matter or Cause

" whatsoever," and insert " shall " become subject to the Jurisdicdiction of the Supreme Court in > " any Matter of Inheritance; or

" Succession to Lands or Goods,

." or any. Matter of Dealing or " C oqt raft between Party or Par-".ties, except- in Actions for " Wrongs or Trespasses, and also."

Pr. 7. 1. 7. Leave opy from " Court" to the Epd of the Clause.;.;

Pr, 10. 1. 32,. Leave out from the Word " Aft" to the Word " their" in the First Ljpe; of the 11 th Press, and insert, " Provided always, and be it Enacted,

" That the Supreme Court of Judicature at port William in Ben*

" gal shall have.full Power and " Authority to hear and determine " in such Manner as is provided " for that Purpose in the said Char-, " ter pr Letters Patent all and all

... . " Manner of Actions and Suits

" against all and singular the Inha-; " bitauts of, the said City of Cal-

" cuUa, provided that."

Pr.. 11. 1.,- 5. After "and Party" insert " shall be," and in the same Line, after " deterjoined" leave put " if" apd irt-> . fert " in the same of."

Pr. j 11. 1. .7. After " and" leave out " if," and insert " in the same of."

Pr. 11. 1. 9. After" Qeiitus" insert "and where

only One of the Parties shall be a " Mahomedanor Gentd, by the " Laws and Usages of the De-,. " fendant."

Pr. 11, 1. 9. Leave out from Gentti; to " And" v , in Line 17.

Pr. 11. I. 27. Leave out from " Families" to " nor," in Line 29.

Pr. 11. 1. 31. After " the" leave out " said," and in the same lane, leave out from " Call" to " be" in Line 33,.and instead thereof insert " respecting " the Members of the said Fatnilies " only."

Pr.. 11. 1. 37. Leaveoutfrom"Enacted"tQ?‘And" in Press 25, Line 16, and instead thereof insert, " That it shall and " may be lawful for the Su* j " preme Court of Judicature at

« Fort William iu Bengal, to frame " such Process, and make such 7 D " Rule*

io® — 170 Julii. A. 1781.

" Rules and Orders for the Execution thereof, in Suits Ci vilorCriminal, against the Nati ves of Bengal, " Bahar, and Orissa, as may accommodate the same to the Religion " and Manners of such Natives, so " far as the same may consist with €t the due Execution of the Laws cc and Attainment of JusticerPro- vided always, and be it EnaCied, 44 That such new Forms of Process, " and Rules and Orders for the " Execution thereof, shall be forthwith transmitted to one of His Majesty's principal Secretaries of " State, to be laid before His Majesty for His Royal Approbation,

44 Correction, or Refusal, and such Process shall be used, and such <4 Rules and Orders shall be ob- served until the same shall be repealed or varied, and inv the last " Cafe, with such Variation as shall " be made therein." pr> 25. I. 20. Leave out County" and insert if Country or."

Pr. 25. 1. 34* Leave out from " upwards" to " And " in Press 26, Line 26. pr. 27. 1. 2. Leave out from a Council" to " shall" in Line 4.

Pr 27. L 7. Leave out from the Second " and" to . ! " shall" in Line 9.

Pr. 27. 1. 15* Leave out from " State'7 to<c his" in Line 17, and instead thereof insert '* which Regulations.7*

Pr. 27. I. 18,)

and>After "amend"leave out44 the fame."

x9->

Pr. 28. I. 22. Leave out fromw explicitly contained" to nor" in Line 24.

Pr. 2$. 1. 30. Leave out from " Defendant" to u And" in Line 36*

Pr. 29. L 13. In Cfcttife(Aj leave out from "Court" to Be" in Line 19, and instead thereof insert u And whereas, 44 through Ignorance or other Misapprehension of the Law, the " Time during which an Appeal mighthave beenpresented toHis Majesty in the Privy Council " hath expired."

Clawfe (A.) 1.25^Leaveoutfrom "Executions"to the and \ End of the Clatrfe, and instead 26.) thereof insert " on Security being given for the Darpages reco- vered, which Security the Go-a vernor General and Council are . 44 hereby required to cause to be

44 given on their Behalf; and that it shall beeompetent to appeal to His Majesty in Council against " the aforesaid Judgment, in like Manner and to the same Effect as cC if such Appeal had been pre-<c fenfeed within the Time for that " Purpose limited by the Charter."

Pr. 30. I. ult. Leave out from "Court" to the End of the Bill.

In the Title of the Bill, Line 14. After the" insert undue."

The said Amendments being Severally read* a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House 16

hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning; Ten of the Clock.

- Martis, 170 Julii;

Anno 2i° Georgii III111 Regis, 1781.

Prayers. ':

PETITION of the Owners, Commandersv and others concerned in the Commercial and Maritime Interests of this Kingdom: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Principa^Owners, and Mailers of Ships and Vessels in the Port of Whitehaven, and Ports adjacent;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have maturely considered a Maritime Plan, for manning the Royal Navy voluntarily, and for the better Regulation of Seamen in the Merchants Service, which was printed and published by Order of the House last Session of Parliament, and are clearly of Opinion, That it is well calculated to answer the great Purposes intended, and practicable in every Part; and the Petitioners are fully persuaded, that an ACi to form a Fellowship of all such Seamen as shall offer-to become Members, would be productive of the most beneficial Effects; that the Privileges contained in the said Plan are so considerable, and so judieiously, adapted, that every Seaman will soon.fee it his Interest do declare himself willing to serve the State, by becoming a Member of the Fellowship; and that the Royal Navy, by being always completely manned with Volunteers, will be rendered much more powerful and expeditious in all its Operations, and the Britipk Commerce, under its more effectual Protection, will greatly flourish, and increase in every Part of the Globe; and that the Petitioners, after having long felt and lamented those expensive and dangerous Delays which the naval Operations and commercial Concerns of the British Empire have often suffered by the present coercive Mode of manning the Royal Navy, are extremely happy to find that a Plan, so well calculated to prevent the like Evils in future, has so far obtained the Consideration and Sanction of the House: And therefore praying the House to resume the Consideration of the said Plan, and to order in a Bill upon the Principles thereof; and that it may, with such Alterations and Amendments as to the House shall seem meet, be paRed into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cafes; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followethj viz*

Pr. x.

Petition^ respecting Manning the Naty,

IrrfoWent

Debtors.

V

x Geo. III.

Pr. 1.1, i. Leave out

170 Julii.

5*3

Pr. t. 1. 11. Pr. 4* k 7* Pr. 4.1. ult. Pr. 9.1. 7*

Pr. 9.1. 28. Pr. 10.1. 27.

Pr. 11.1. 2*

Pr. 11.1. 8.

Pr. 11.1. 25.

Pr. 11.1. 37.

Pr. 12.1. 6.

Pr. 12.1. 9.

Plr. 13.1. 3.

Pr. 16.1. 7.

Pr. 16. 1.11.

from " Whereas" to Be" in Line 32, and inllead thereof insert " notwithstanding " the great Prejudice and Detriment which Acts of Insolvency " produce to Trade and Credit, " it may be convenient in the " present Condition of the Gaols " in this Kingdom, that some of " the Prisoners who are now confined therein, should be let at " Liberty."

Leave out " May" and insert " January."

Leave out from aforesaid" to the End of the Clause.

Leave out from " that is to fay" to " I A. B." in Press 8. Line 10. Leave out from " mentioned" to " and" in the 26th Line of the " same Press.

Leave out "to be surrendered." Leave out " May" and insert " January."

Leave out " May" and insert " Ja~ " nuary"

Leave out " May" and insert " nuary."

Leave out " May" and insert " January."

Leave out " May" and insert " nuary."

I^ave out

" nuary Leave out "

Pr. 16.1. 13. Pr. 17.1. 4.

Pr. 21.1. 31. Pr. 23.1. 11. Pr. 25.1. 15. Pr. 25.1. 20. Vol. 38.

May" and insert " Ja-

May" and insert "

" nuary."

After " aforesaid" insert" except the " said Marshal and Warden."

After " Persons "insert " whose " Debts respectively shall not " amount in the whole to a " greater Sum than Five hundred " Pounds, and, "

After " large" insert " by and " upon the burning, destroyin^, or breaking open of the Prrfons aforesaid, and who surrendered or did surrender before the First Day of September " One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, and all and every Person and Persons whose Name or Names shall be inserted in any such Lift to be delivered in as aforesaid, who on the First Day of January in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and " Eighty-one, were really and *' truly Prisoners in the actual " Custody "

Leave out from " aforesaid" to " who" in the 22d Line of the same Press.

Leave out from the first " Provided" to the End of the Clause.

In the1 Third Line of Clause " A" in Press 20. leave out " or" and insert " and."

In the 4th Line of the same Clause, after " tendered" insert " themselves."

Leave out " or" and insert " and." Leave out " or" and insert " and." Leave out" or" and insert " and." After " County" insert " and being

ft

cc

" not indebted in the whole to " a greater Amount than to the Sum of Five hundred Pounds." Pr. 26.1. 8. After " aforesaid" insert " not being indebted in the whole to a " greater Amount than to the " Sum of Five hundred Pounds." Pr. 26.1. 24. After " were" insert " between the " Twenty-eighth Day of June u One thousand Seven hundred " and Eighty" and in the same Line after " and" insert " before " the First Day of September 1 " One thousand Seven hundred

" and Eighty."

Pr. 26.1. 26."] Leave out " or were surrendered, or ' and > " tendered to be surrendered,

27.J " or."

-Pr. 26.1. 27. After " or" insert " was or were." Pr. 26.1. 30. Leave out " May" and insert January."

Pr. 26.1. ji.l

‘ and J-Leave out " or since."

" Pr. 27.1. 39

Ja-

and insert " Ja~ " tiifert " really and

i 32.J

Pr. 27.1. 37. Leave out '

" nuary."

After " I was'

" truly >a Prisoner in the actual " Custody of " in the Prison br Gaol of at the Suit of

without any Fraud or Collusion whatsoever, or (as the same mky be) " that I was, without any Fraud " or Collusion whatsoever, really and truly a PHfoner in the Gaol or Prison at at the Suifc of

" at the Time that the said " Gaol or Pi'ifon was burnt down, destroyed, oc brdke open," " and that afterwards and before " the First Day of September in that Year, I surrendered, " or, was surrendered, offered * to surrender, or, was offered " to be surrendered to the " Keeper or Gaoler of the said Prison."

Pr. 27.1. 39.1 Leave out from " Prisoner" to and and" in the 8th Line of the

40.J 28th Press.

Pr. 28. 1. 12. Leave out " May" and insert " Ja-" nuary."

Pr. 29.1. 2. Leave out from be" to " and" in the 18th Line of the same Press.

After " howsoever" insert " and am not indebted in the to any greater Amount to the Sum of Five hundred Pounds."

Leave out " Fugitive or Fugitives."

Pr. 31.

1. 6.

and

7

Alter " ho

}" that I " whole " than t<

Pr. 39.1. 26.

Pr. 39.1. 33-1

and S Leave out Fugitive or Fugitives."

34-J

Pr. 40. I. 2. Leave out "Fugitive or Fugitives." Pr. 46.1. 15. Leave out " " and insert Ja~

" nuary.*

Pr. 46.1. 33. Leave out " " and insert January."

Pr. 47. h 25. Leave out " " and insert " Ja-

" nuary." i

Pr. 48.1. 10. Leave out " May" and insert "Ja-

tc

nuary.

Pr. 49.

Insolvent Debtors.

Insolvent Debtors.

564

Pr. 49.1. 1, Leave out from " Suit" to " and" in Press 57. Line 22*.

Pr. c8. ]. rv Leave out " May" and insert " January?

Pr. 58. I 6. Leave out " or since."

Pr. 61.1 11. Leave out " or any other Person or u Perfofts."

Pr. 61. I. 21.}

and > -Leave out " adjudged to be."

12.1 1

Pr. 61.1. 3.1* Leave out u May" and insert " Ja-

Pr. 62.1. 3!- " nuary? Leave out " May" and insert " Ja-

Pr. 62.1, ult. " nuary? Leave out " May" and insert " Ja-

Pr. 63.1. 7* " nuary? r ': I Leave but " May" apd insert " Ja-

Pr. 63.1. i5- " nuary? J f Leave out " May" and insert J'. Ja-

Pr. 64.1. 3- " nuary?: . 1 .: Leave out " May" and insert c< January. .1 .

Pr. 64.1. 6. After " large" leave out " or" and insert " and, " and after " or" < . leave out " tendered to be furness-

<( dered" and insert " tendering <c themselves." ' .:

pr. G4. L 8* After " Custody" leave out " or tc with respect to Debtors beyond ' , . ' , " the Seas as aforesaid upon" and

j i insert "on." "

-Pr. 64.1. 11. Leave out " Matly and insert " Ja-... - ': nuary? ' '

Pr. 64.1. 18. Leave out from" aforesaid" to " was" in the 24th Line of the same Press. Pr. 64.1. 27. . Leave out " Mai)" and insert " Ja-j . ,„;{* nuary ?

Pr. 64. J. 28. Leate out from <( one" to " and" ib the 3 id Line of the same Press. Pr. 65. 1. 6, Leave out " May" and insert " Ja-' " unary."

Pr. 65,1. 14. Leave out " May" and insert " Ja-

" nuary?

Pr. 70.1, 17. Leave out from " aggrieved" to " Provided" in Press 72. Line 40. Pr. 77. h 40. Leave out " Mai)" and insert " Ja-

.....' " nuary "

Pr. 78.1. 31. Leave out from " them" to " And " whereas" in Press 8 1 . Line 12. Pr. 83. I. 18. Leave out from " allow" to, " And" in the 36th Line of the same Press.

Pr. 84.1. 40. Leave out from " Aft" to " may"

; in the 2d Line of the 85th Press.

Pr. 97. 1. 30. After " made" insert " in the last " Session of Parliament, intituled, tc An Act to prevent any Mischief or Inconvenience which " may arise to Sheriffs, Gaolers,

t " Suitors, Prisoners, or others, by

" the Prisoners in several Gaols " in the Counties of Middlesex 4C and Surrey, and the City of " London, having been set ait Liberty during the late Tumults " and Insurrections; and also in " pursuance of a certain Act of " Parliament, made."

Pr. 98.1. g. Lbave out from " thereof" to u shall" in the "nth Line of the same Press. '

Pr. 98.1. 22. Leave out from " Scotland" to the End of the Bill. *

In the Title of the Bill,

li 1. After u the" insert " Discharge,*'

I78 I.y

and in the same Line leave out " Relief," and in the same Line after of" insert cc certain," and in the same Line after " Debtors" leave out to the End of the Title.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord-Ill ips.

Mr. John Robinson prefeiited to the House, by His Majesty's Command, .

Copies of Returns of the Qualifications of Deputy toiliria Lieutenants and Officers iti the Militia^ which have Qualification, been transmitted to the Earl of IlUl/borough, One of Mis Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, fiiice those presented to the House tof Commons, on the 10th of April 1780: And also, ‘

Copies of Returns of the Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants. and-Oflkfers in the Militia,- which* have been transmitted to the Lord Viscount Stormont, One of His Majesty's Principal Secretarieis of: Stdtei fmtfc those prefeiited to the House of Commons on the 10th of April ljSvi . -i . ‘ .1.: Si

Together with Lists of the said Papers.

-And the said Lifts were read. i . I Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.:

The laid Papers are peelerved amongst the other Papers of this Session: . 1 i: \ SI

And then the House adjourned tilLTo^morro^ Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mefcurtiy i8° 4ie Julr? ', 1 /j: *

Anno 210 Georgii IITU Regis, 1781.

1 jt r;

Prayers.

SIR Herbert Mackxvorth presented to the House, a<r- Supplying cording to Order, a Bill more effectually to supply th.e ^avv with Seamen His Majesty's Ships of War when Occa- Wlt carBC* fioTn shall require; and to encourage Men, under certain Regulations and Bounties, voluntarily to engage themselves for that Service whenever they shall be duly called for: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,‘

Thfe Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Duties on to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Sef- Chocolate, fion of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing &c*

<c the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain Inland Duties upon <c Cocoa Nuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more " effectual securing the Revenue of Escile, and of tl*£

" Inland Duties under the Management of the Com-w missioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein; for the more pun;ftual and ready Payment of the u Allowances to be made to Brewers out of the addi-<c tional Duties imposed on Malt; and for rectifying a cC Mistake in an Act, made in this present Section of " Parliament j wTith respect to the exempting of Candles " froni the additional Duty of Five Pounds per Centum " upon the Duties of ^xcise imposed by the la, id Act " without any Amendment. 1

And then the Messengers withdrew.;

Ordered

170 — 18°

2i Geo. III. 18° 1565

Ayr Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Ayr, in the room of Sir Adam Fergriffon. Baronet, who, ftnce his Election for the said Shire, hath excepted the Oflice of one of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

Morpeth Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland, in the ro.»m of Storer,

Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough* hath accepted the Oflice of one of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

l.nnrrk Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of aCommissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Lonerk, in the ropm of,

: Andrezo Stuart, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath excepted tire Office of Steward or Bailiff of llis Majesty \s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Dcfoorough, and'Bonenham,' in the County of

Buckingham. 11

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable floufe to attend, His Majesty, immediately, in theHouseof Peers.

Royal Assent Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up. to Bills, to attend His Majesty; where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent. to the several Public Bills following; tiz.

An ACtjfor establishing an Agreement with the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, for the Payment of the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, for the Use of the Public, in full Discharge and Satisfaction of all Claims and Demands of the Public, from the Time the Bond Debt of the said Company was reduced to One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds, until the First Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in The East Indies;and also, for securing to the Public,

I in respect thereof, for a Term therein mentioned, a

certain Part or Proportion of the clear Revenues and 1 Profits of the said Company; and for granting to the said

Company, for a further Term, the foie and exelufiye Trade to and from The East Indies, and Limits therein mentioned; and for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the said Company, as well in India as in Europe, and the recruiting the Military Forces of the said Company:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for theleffening " the Duty upon Tin and Pewter exported, and granting an Equivalent for the same by a Duty upon " Drugs," so far as the same relates to the Importation *of Drugs frorp the Russian Dominions; and also an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further , " Improvement of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs,

and for the Encouragement of Officers making " Seizures, and for the Prevention of the clandestine Running of Goods into any Part oCHis Majesty's Dominions;" to permit the Importation of Orchilla Weed and Cobalt, during the present Hostilities, from any Place whatsoever, in British, Irish, or Neutral Ships; and to permit Sugars, the Growth of Dcneranj and Ejffequibo, to be imported into Great Britain, upon Payment of the like Duties, and under the like Re-

Vol. 38.

ftriClions, as Sugars of the Sritish t(lands in The West Indies:

An Act to explain And amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management " of the Affairs of the East India Company* ds well " in Indians in Europe "ns relates to the Administration of Justice in Bengal; and for the Relief of certain Persons imprisoned at Calcutta in Bengal, under a Judgment of the Supreme Court of Judicature; and also for indemnifying the Governor General and Council of Bengal, and ail Officers who have ftCted under their Orders or Authority, in the undue Refill-ance made to the Process of the Supreme Court:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,' "An Act to promote the Residence of the " Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more tl fpuody and1 effectual building, re-building, repairing, or pnrchafirtg, Houses and other necessary Buildings " and Tenements; for the Use of their Benefices:"

An Act: lbr the Discharge of certain Insolvent Debtors: ''

An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made intlie Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,-intituled,. "An Act to veff certain Messuages,

" Lands,1 Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees,.

" for the better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and "Stoves 'at Plymouth and 'Sheerliejs, And for better d:>

" fendibg the Paffrtge'of the River at

"and Tilbury Fort," ag relates to the Security of llis

Majesty's' Docks, ^hips, and Stories at Plymouth:

An: 'A&to prevent the Mischiefs that arise from driving Cfetlle Within the Cities of London ami and Liberties thereof and Bills of'Mortality:

An Act to explain And amend an Act, made in the Fourth Y'ear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual punishing Stealers of Lead and Iron Bars " fixed to Houses, dr any Fences belonging the reunto:"

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His iate Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for more " effectually discouraging and preventing the Healing,

" and the buying and receiving of stolen Lead, Iron,

"Copper, Brass, Bell Metal, and Solder;, and for more " effectually bringing the Offenders-to Justice."

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in " Great Britain, and for granting certain Inland Duties " upon Cocoa Nuts in lieu thereof; for the better and " more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise, and " of the Inland Duties under the Management of the " Commissioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds " therein; for the more puuClual and ready Payment.

" of the Allowances to be made to Brewers out of the " additional Duties imposed on Malt; and for rectifying " a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of " Parliament, with respect to the exempting of Candles " from the additional Duty of Five Pounds per Centum " upon the Duties of Excise, imposed by the said Act:"

An Act for vesting the Parish Church of Christopher Le Stocks, in the City of London, and the Materials and Scite thereof, and the Church Yard thereto adjoining, in the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, for ever; and for uniting the said Parish to the Parish of Saint Margaret Lothbury, in the said City.

After which His Majesty was pleased to make a moll The King'* gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Speech. Parliament, as followeth; viz.

7 E My

H,:f sum.

566 18° Julii. — 13* Septembris. — 18° OBobris. 1781.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

'Although the Business of this Session has required a longer Attendance than may have been consistent with your private Convenience; yet I am persuaded that you look back with Satisfaction on the Time you have e rpployed in a faithful Discharge of your Duty to your Country, in the present arduous and critical State of Public 'Affairs.

I cannot let you . depart into your respective Countries, without afTuring you of my entire Approbation of your Conduct, and of My perfect Confidence in the Loyalty and good Affections of this Parliament.

T|jp Zeal and Ardour which you have shewn for the Honour of My Crown, your firm and Heady Support of a just Cause, and the great Efforts you have made to enable Me to surmount all the Difficulties of this extensive and complicated War, muff convince the World that the ancient Spirit of the BrUiJ/i Nation is not abated or diminished.

..In the Midst of these Difficulties, you have formed Regulations for the better Management and Improvement of the Revenue; you have, given, additional Strength and Stability to Public Credit; and your Deliberations on the Affairs of the East India Company have terminated in such Measures as will, I trust,. produce great and essential Advantages to My Kingdoms.

I have observed, with much Satisfaction, that during the Course of that important Business, your Attention was not more anxiously directed to the Benefits to be derived from the Territorial Acquisitions, than to the Happiness and Comfort of the Inhabitants of those remote Provinces.

Whatever may remain to be dpne for securing those valuable Possessions, and for restraining the Abuses to which they are peculiarly liable, you will, 1 doubt not, proceed to provide for at your next Meeting, with the same Wisdom and Temper that have goverued your late Proceedings and Inquiries.

with the Honour and Dignity of My Crown, and the permanent Interest and Security of My People.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by His Majesty's Command, said;

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is His Majesty's Royal Will and Pleasure, That this Parliament be prorogued to Thursday the 13th Day of September next, to be then here holden; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Thursday the 13th Day of September next.

Jovis, 130 die Septembris;

Anno 21* Georgii III*" Regis, 1781.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. 2uarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Cpipmons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Assistant, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commit fion was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Thursdaythe 18th Day of October next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 18th Day of October next.

Parliament

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

My particular Thanks are due to you for the ample Provision you have made for the Service of the current Year. 1 fee with great Pleasure that you have had it in your Power to apply so large a Sum to the Discharge of the Debt of the Navy, and that the Supplies which you have granted'have been raffed in a Manner the least burthensome to the Property and Industry of My faithful People.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

While I lament the Continuance of the present Troubles, and the Extension of the War, I have the conscious Satisfaction to refleCl that the constant Aim of all my Councils has been to bring back My deluded Subjects in America to the Happiness and Liberty they formerly enjoyed, and to see the Tranquillity of Europe restored.

To defend the Dominions, apd to maintain the Rights, of this Country, was, on My Part, the foie Cause, and is the only Object of the War. Peace is the earned Wish of My Heart; but I have too firm a Reliance on the Spirit and Resources of the Nation, the powerful Assistance of My Parliament, and the Protection of a just and all-ruling Providence, to accept it upon any other Terms or Conditions than such as may consist

Jovis, 18° die OElobris;

Anno. 21* Georgii IIP*1 Regis, 1781.'

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers; Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Tuesday 'the 27th Day of November next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 27th Day of November next.

PaHhment

further

prorogued.

C 567 1

J OUR N

' /'i

/ It:

OF THE

; >. . *

1.

HOUSE of C () M M O N S.

', SeC 1W1 — 1782.

A L S

Message to attend in lis Majesty.

Mart is, 27 die Novembris 1

t

Anno 21* Georgii lttth Regis, 1781.

A MESS A G El from His Majesty, by Sir/ras- cis Molyneux, GentlemanJJflier of the Black

Rod

1: v:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty; immediately, in the> House of Peers.

... . tf

I ‘, . . - t* 1 *

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, iwithtlie House, went of to attend His Majesty. j - >.

t / H 1 *, ' < ' \ I »1

And bein£ returned^ . -

rruie- of Mr. Spdkker acquainted l!be House, that i^ pur-in fuance of foe. Directions of gif* Act, pa (ted in sche.Tentii Rectfj. Year of the Reign of His present Maje$y, infituled, w An Act to enable the Speaker of the Hquie of CoiUf k mons to issue his Warrants lo make out new, Writs " for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, " in the rotiim of such Members as ihgjtdie durjpg the " ReCefs of Parliament,®* he had issued his, Warrants so the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new , W|]its for the Election of Members to serve, ^parliament for the following Pliaces; viz. for the Bo'ppygh.of in the County of Wi(fs, in' the rponi*'o{ffiilliam

AJIie, Esquire; foV the Citybf'jLo^r t077?, in the rqpm of flebrge Ilayley, Esquire; for the Borough, of. in the County of Ej/fex, in the room-of Isaac. Martin Rebow, Esquire; for the City^of Edinburgh, iq t.h.e j room of the 'Right honourable Sir

Baronet; and for the County of Derby f in the 10,0m of the Right honourable Richard commonly called Lor&Ric/iarcl Cavendish. \

Member* Several Members present, and federal Members rente Oath*. turned upon new Writs, took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Lpvvs made for those Pnrjiofes; and'such of the said Kfembers as, are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this Vol. 38.

1 <

House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe. the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed. the said Oath accordingly.. . ' f

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandestine Outlawries,* was read the First Tithe. > I

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second, Time.

- 1 # ' ' *

: Mr. Speaker repoHed, That the House had attended His Majestjfin the House bTPeers; Midre HUMajpdy was pleased to riniake a most gracious Speech. Troth' tRe Thforfe to both Houses of Parliament; of ytbich, Mr. Speaker said, hehad, to1 prevent Miliakes, -Obtained‘a C6pywhich he read tb the House; and'is as followeth; diz.' ' ,..... ' 1,1

;*1

;:u>

My Lords, and Gegtlemep, ;J - ‘

When I lad met you in Parliament, I acquainted you with, the arduous Situation of public Affair^ at/*that Time; fend; I represented to you the Objects; which I had in , View., and the Resolution with which I was de-terminid to persevere in the Defehee of my Dominions info: the combined Power of My Enemies, until such A Pacification -could be made as might confifi wiVh the Honour of My Grown, and the permanent Intefedand Security of My People. The War is still unhappily prolonged :by that redless Ambition which fifft excited Our Enemies to commence it, and which dill continues to disappoint My iefennest‘Desire dridrdiligent'Exertion tq refiose the public Tranquillity ;' But d should not anflver the Trud committed to the Sovereign of a free People, nor make a suitable Retilm:to My Subjects for their, condant, zealous, and affibbtionerte Attachment to My Peijfort, Family, and Goverhment, if>I consented to sacrifice,'either. toMy'own Define of Peace, or to their temporary Eafeand Relief, those elfontiali Rights'and permanent Intereds* upon the MaintdnSmce and Preservation of which, the:future Strength bhd Security of this Country mud ever principally depend.

.. The favourable Appearance of Our Affairs' in the East Indies, ami the liafe antPprofperous Arrival of the numerous Commercial Fleets of'My Kingdoms, mud have given you Satisfaction; but in the course of this Year, My allkluous Endeavours to guard the extensive

?r

Dominions

ClandelHne

Outlawrie*.

The King'* Speech.

Addrdf on the King's Speech.

568 27*

Dominions of My Crown have not been attended with Suirefs equal to the Justice and Uprightness of My Views} and it is with great Concern that I inform you, that the Events of War have been very unfortunate to My Arms in Virginia, having ended in the Loss of My

Forcev-nMhat Proviuye.

No £tJeavours hade been wanting on My Part to extin^tfim that Spirit of Rebellion which Our Enemies have remra Meattete foment and maintain iir the Colonies, and to restore to My deluded Subjects in America that happy and prosperous Condition which they formerly derived from a due Obedience to the Laws; but the late Misfortune in that Quarter calls loudly for your firm Concurrence and Assistance, to frustrate the Designs of Our Enemies, equally prejudicial to the real Interests of America, and to those of Great Britain.

In the last Session you made a considerable Progress iny^ur Enquiries into the State and Condition of Our Dotpiniohs and Revenues in The East IndiesYou WiH, I arh persuaded, resume the Prosecution of that important Deliberation with the same Spirit and Temper in which it was begun, and proceed with the same Attention and Anxiety to consider how those remote Provinces may be held and governed with the greatest Security and Advantage to this Country, and by what Means the Happiness of the native Inhabitants may be bell promoted.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I will order the Ellimates for the ensuing Year to be laid before you. I rely on your Wisdom and public Spirit for such Supplies as the Circumstances of Our Affairs shall be found to require. Among the many ill Consequences which attend the Continuation of the prteient War,' I moll sincerely regret the additional Burthens which it must unavoidably bring upon My faithful Subjects.

My Lords and Gentleman,

In the Prosecution of this great and important Contest in which We are engaged, I retain a firm Confidence in the Protection of Divine Providence, and a perfect Conviction of the Justice of My Cause j and I have no Doubt but that, by the Concurrence and Support of My Parliament, by the Valour of My Fleets end Armies, and by a vigorous, animated, and_ united Exertion of the Faculties and Resources of MyReople, I shall be enabled to restore the Blessing of a safe and honourable Peace to all My Dominions. 1

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks, of this House, for His most Gracious Speech from the Throne:

To assure His Majesty, that we fee with Concern that the War is still unhappily prolonged by that* re ft left Ambition which first excited our Enemies to commence it, and which still continues todisappoint His Majesty's earned Desire and diligent Exertion to restore the public Tranquillity:

That we are sensibly affected by His Majesty's paternal Expressions of Concern for the real Welfare of His Subjects; and we receive with the strongest Emotions of Duty and Gratitude His Majesty's gracious and endearing Declaration, that He should not answer the Trust committed to the Sovereign of a free People, nor make a suitable Return to His Subjects for their constant, zealous, and affectionate Attachment to His person, Family, and Government, if He consented to sacrifice, either to His own Desire of Peace, or to their temporary Ease and Relief, those essential Rights and permanent Interests, upon the Maintenance and Preservation of which the future Strength and Security of this Country must ever principally depend:

To declare on our Part, that we know no Means of

7»

A. 1781.

making to His Majesty any. Return fp suitable and so just, and of answering the great Trust committed to us by those whom we represent, as by giving His Majesty this firm Assurance, that we are resolved to assist and support His Majesty, to the utmost of our Power, in maintaining and preserving the ^fiential Rights and permanent Interests of His Crown and Peoples

To assure His Majesty, that the favourable Apjxjar-ance of our Affkirr in The East Indies, and th# safe and prosperous Arrival of the numerous Commercial Fleets of His Kingdoms, have given us great Satisfaction; but that we sincerely regret, that His Majesty's assiduous Endeavours to guard His extensive Dominions have not in all Places been attended with Success 5 and we leara with the deeped Concern, that the Events of War have been very unfortunate to His Majesty's Arms in Virginia, and have ended in the Loft of His Forces in that Province:

That we are fully persuaded, that the principal View of the Confederacy of our Enemies was to foment and maintain the Rebellion in North America; and, under the specious Delusion of the Establishment of an independent Empire, to render His Majesty's Colonies fub-servient to the Power and Influence of the Crown of France: But His Majesty may rely on our steady Assist-ancp to second His Majesty's Endeavours to defeat the dangerous Designs of our Enemies, equally prejudicial to the real Interests of America, and to those of Great Britain: - — ----- --~

That we will not fail to resume the great and momentous Consideration of the State and Condition of the Dominions and Revenues which this Country poffesses in Tire Fuji Indies; and we trust, that, in our De-liberationson those important Matters,.we fifeU proceed with the same Spirit and Temper in which they were began, and with the same Care and Anxiety to consider how theife remote Provinces may be held arid governed with the greatest Security and Advantage to this Nation, and by what Means the Happinest of the Native Inhabitants may be belt promoted:

To assure His Majesty, that in this arduous Conjuncture we consider it as our first Duty to our Country to grant His Majesty such Supplies as the CircHmftance* of Affaire {Hall be found to require: We cannot but feel, that the War is burthensome and expensive ;but we are convinced, at the same lime, that it is just and neoeffory, and nathing on our Parts shall be wanting to give Efficacy and Success to the Valour of His Majesty's Fleets and Armies; and we still have a firm Confidence, that by a vigorous, animated, and united Exertion of the Resources and Faculties of the Nation, and of the Spirit of a free People, His Majesty will be enabled, under the Protection of Divine Providence, to restore the Blessing of a safe and honourable'Peace to ail His Dominions;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Questlbn, by leaving out from the Words " and we" in the*Third Paragraphto the End of the Paragraph, in order to insert these Words, " will, without Delay, " apply ourselves with 'united Hearts to prepare and " digest such Counsels as may in this Crisis excite the " Efforts, point the Arms, and, by a total Change of System, command the Confidence of, all His Majesty's Subjects," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out stand part of the Question j The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TeUers for the Yeas| 7 2, g.

Tellers fonl.e Noe, }.,9.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of

this

2i Geo. III. 27* — 280 Novembris. 569

this House, for His most Gracious Speech from the ^Throne.

To a fibre His Majesty, that we fee with Concern that the War is dill unhappily prolonged by that retllels Ambition which first excited our Enemies to commence It, and which dill continues to disappoint His Majesty *s earned Define and diligent Exertion to restore the pub* lie Tranquillity;

That we are sensibly affected by His Majesty's pater* nal Expressions of Concern for the real Welfare of His Subjects; and we receive with the pronged Emotions of Duty and Gratitude His Majesty's gracious and endearing Declaration, that He mould not answer the Trud committed to the Sovereign of a free People, nor make a suitable Return to His Subjects for their con-dant, zealous, and affectionate Attachment to His Person, Family, and Government, if He consented to sacrifice, either to his own Desire of Peace, or to their temporary Ease and Relief, those essential Rights and permanent Interefis, upon the Maintenance and Prefer va-tion of which the future Strength and Security of this Country mud ever principally depend:

To declare on our Part, that we know no Means of making to His Majesty any Return so suitable and so jod, and of answering the great Trud committed to us by those whom we represent, as by giving His Majesty this firm Assurance, that we are refblved to assist and supporl His Majesty, to the Utrnod of our Power, in Maintaining and preserving the essential Rights and permanent Interefis of His Crown and People:

To assure H is Majesty, that the favourable Appearance of our Affairs in The East Indies, and the lafe and prosperous Arrival of the numerous Commercial Fleets orf His Kingdoms, have given us great Satisfaction; but that we sincerely regret, that His Majesty's afiidu-om Endeavours to guard Hisextenfive Dominions have not in all Places been attended with Success; and we learn with the deeped Concern, that the Events of War have been very unfortunate to His Majesty's Arms in Virginia, and have ended in the Loss of His Forces in that Province:

That we are fully persuaded, that the principal View of the Confederacy of our Enemies was to foment and maintain the Rebellion in North; and, under

the specious Delusion of the Establishment of an independent Empire, to render His Majesty's Colonies fbb-servient to the Power and Influence of the Crown of France: But His Majesty may rely on otlrfteady Affirflance to second His Majesty's Endeavours to defeat the dangerous Designs of our Enemies, equally prejudicial to the real Interefis of America, and to those of Great Britain:

That we will not fail to resume the great and momentous Consideration of the State and Condition of the Dominions and Revenues which this Country possesses in the East Indies', and we trttd, that, in our Deliberations on those important Matters, we shall proceed with the same Spirit and Temper in which they were begun, and with the same Care and Anxiety to consider how those remote Provinces may be held and governed with the greated Security and Advantage to this Nation, and by what Means the Happinefe of the Native Inhabitants may be bed promoted:

To assure His Majesty, that in this arduous Conjuncture we consider it as our first Duty to our Country to grant His Majesty such Supplies as the Circumstances of Affairs shall be found to require: We cannot but feel, that the War is burthensome and expensive 5 but we are convinced, at the same Time, that it is jull and necessary, and nothing on our Parts shall be wanting to give Efficacy and Success to the Valour of His Majesty's Fleets and Armies; and we dill have a firm Confidence, that by a vigorous, animated, and united Exertion of the Resources and Faculties of the Nation, and of the Spirit of a free People, His Majesty will be enabled* under the Protection of Divine Pro-Vox.. 38.

vide nee, to redorethe Blessing of afafeand honourable Peace to all His Dominions.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr.

Mr. Orde, the Lord North, the Lord Advocate of *

land. Lord George Germain, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Ord, Sir Grey Cooper, 'Mr. Ellis, Mr. Solicitor General, the Earl Nugent, Mr. Daubeny, Mr. St. John, the Lord Mulgrave, Mr. Gafc Mr. John Robinson,

Mr. Adam, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Macdonald, Sk Archibald Edmonjlone, Mr. , Mr. Ewer, Mr,

lish; or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

And then the House, having continued to fit till near Two of the Clock on Wednesday Morning,

_ ad journed till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 8° d Novembris \

Anno 22° Georgii III. Regis, 1781.

A Petition of several Trustees, appointed to put in . jjartfort1 Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Firfi &c. Hoad

Prayers.

A PETITION of Robert Tur\jtall, of Old Kew Bridge.

t he Parish of Ealing, in the county of,

Efij 11 i re, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner's late Father, Robert,

did, in pursuance of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth and Thirty-fird Years of the Reign of King George the Second, at his own Costs and Charges, erect a Bridge-crol's the River Thames, from the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore, in the Hamlet of Kew, in the county of ; which Bridge is known by the Name of Kew Bridge; and that the said Bridge having been built with Timber, very large Sums of Money have from Time to Time been expended in the Repairs thereof; and that, from a Survey lately taken of the said Bridge, it appears, that the same (if permitted to fiand) will in a short Time require a very material and thorough Reparation, for which Purpose great Part of it would be obliged to be taken down and rebuilt, whereby very considerable Inconvenience would arise to the Public; and that the Petitioner, who is now the Proprietor of the said Bridge, is advised, and conceives, that if a Stone Bridge was built cross the said River, a Ijttle below and to the Eastward of the present Bridge, the Passage over the said River would be more safe and commodious, and the Navigation of the Thames be thereby greatly improved and benefited i And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable and impower the Petitioner, at his own Costs and Charges, to ere€t and build aStone Bridge cross the said River of Thames, from the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore in the Hamlet of Kew, in the County of Surrey, a little below and to the Eastward of the present Bridge called Kew Bridge, and for other Purposes in the said Bill to be mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. btc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Dartford, &c< Road.

!>7Q

2,8° Ifovmbris.

1781.

Year of the Reign of 'His present Majesty, intituled,

‘‘ ;AiiuArT for remising more effectual revei'al Arts,

" pafictj |n the Tenth Year of her late Majesty Queen

Anue',in the Eleventh Year of his' late Majesty King " George the First1, and in the Eleventh Year of his " late Majesty King George the Second, for enlarging,

" amending, and maintaining the Road from " ta.Northjtcel and Gravesend, and from to

" Chalk, and from Xorlhflt‘elto Chalky and from thence " to the Stone's End, near the Parish Church of Stroud,

" in the County of Kent," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded to put 'the said Act into Execution, and have borrowed a co'nsiderable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which hath been applied in amending the said Roads; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money borrowed cannot be paid off, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and fume further and other Powers granted: And therefore pray* ing, That Leave may be giten to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Conflileration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Marsham, Sir Grey Cooper, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

\ X>

APetition of several Trnltees, appointed to put ifttb Ejcocittion an Act of 'Parliament, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Hrs present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging 'the 'Perm and Powers " of Three Acts, pnffed rn the Fitft, Ninth, and *-Twenty-feco 11 d Years of she Reign Of his late Majesty King George t lie Secdnd, for repairing' and enlarging the Road leading from the House called The

Sign of th)e Bells, in the Parish of Matgdret in " Rochester,' to Maidstone, and other Roads therein

mentioned, in the County of was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Act into Execution, and have borrowed a corisiderable Sum of Money' oft the Credit thereof, which hath beefi ‘ applied in amending the said Roads; and that there is a ''dry fte'ep ' high Hill npbn Part of the Road between and Rochester, called Boxlcy Hill, and it would lie of great Benefit to Travellers if the Course of the Road J was altered, so as to avoid the said Hill, but the Tolls: anting by virtue of the said Act are not sufficient to: defray the Expence of such Alteration, and of carrying ' the Act into Execution; and that the Petitioners fjhd" Application hath been made for Leav6 to bring in a ' Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First; Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering more effectual several Acts, passed in the Tenth Year of'her'; " late Majesty Queen Anne, in the Eleventh Year of " his late Majesty King George the First, and in the " Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the ' " Second, for enlarging, amending, and maintaining,; " tire Road from Dartford to and Gravesend,

" and from Gravefeud to Chalk, and from Northjlcet to " Chalk, and from thence to The Slone's End, near t he " Parish Church of Stroud, in the County of Kent,'* which said Roads are Part of the great Turnpike Road between London and Maidstone, through; and

representing to the House, that, if the Course of the said Road at Boxley Hill was altered as before mentioned, many Persons having Occasion to travel between London Maidstone would be induced to pass through '

Rochester, who at present do not travel that Road on account of Box ley Hill, and the Tolls upon the said

*7

Road between Rochester and Chalk would be thereby increased; and that the Petitioners have made Application to the Tniftees.for the Care of the last mentioned Road, and represented to them the great public Utility of altering the Course of the said Road as aforesaid, and ihe Benefit th, nt would arise to the lload under their Care by such Alteration, alleging, at tire same Time, that the Petitioners were unable to defray, the Expence attending that Work; and that the Thuftces lor the Care of the said Road between Royfj/cr and Chalk, having taken the Matter into their Consideration, are desirous that the said Road between Maidstone and lla-ehejjler Ihouhl be altered as aforesaid, and are willing to allow the Trustees of the Maidstone Road, out of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act of the First Year of His present Majesty, such Annual Sum of Money as the Surplus of the same Tolls (after defraying all Expences attending the Execution of the la ft mentioned Act) shall amount unto, not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to be applied in altering the Course of the Road at Boxley Hill, as aforesaid, and in defraying the

Expences of carrying the said Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty into Execution, in case they shall be authorized so to do by Authority of Pa: lia-, ment: And therefore praying, That Provision may( be made in the said Rill, to authorize the Trusteet? for* the Care of the said Road between Rochester and ,. to allow the Petitioners such Annual Sum as the House shall think proper, to enable them to change the Course, of the Road as aforesaid, and to execu I e the several other Purposes of the said Act of the Thirteenth, V$ar of the Reign of I lis present Majesty.

Ordered, That the f.iid Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the lame, as.tf shall appear to them/to the House.

A Petilion of Henry Meier and Herman Diejerick Jfrier'and Retberg, was presented to the jPIoufe, and read pray.- wyh<-rg'i ing. That Leave may be given to bring iu a hili for ^*at* their Naturalization, t. .

Ordered,'That'Tea w* be. giveu to bring.in a Bill, according to the PVayer'of the said FelitjianA,n^-(hat Mr. Elites, and Mr. Hartley, d0prepare; apd bring iiij the fame.. > .

» i

Ordered, Thajt Mr. Speaker.-do.tffue his Warrant to Milbome tlje Clerk of 'tfjy' Crowm to make, out a, new )jYrit for. Tort Wnt* the electing of a Burgess to ferye ihj.tlAs present Parliament for the Boypugh of M itretfie County of Somerset, in the room of Thomas Hutchins . Medlycott,-Efcpiire, who, fincq his. Election for the said Borough, hath accepted tire Office of Steward, or Bailiff, of His Majesty s Three Chiltern, [Hundreds of Stoke, 'Dejbortnigli,.and Bonciihani, in the County of

Buckingham. ‘. - , .

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do Grand fit everjy Tuefiluy in the Afternoon, in the House. Committed.

/ . j . .» .; > ♦* . v; ' ' ' 1

Ordered, That tire Grand Committee for. Gijieyance*. do'fit every THurJddy in tire Afternoon, in the-Irloufe,

Ordered,'That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do'fit>'pry Saturday pi the Allerpoop^ ip. the,

House. . t ,\

Ordered, That the Grand Coninii:tee for Trade do fit every Fridajj in the Afternooni in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee^of Privileges be ap* . Commitw pointed: ' ' . ft; of stirifejc*.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. , Mr.;

Frederick Moalagu, Mr. Ci(Jl, Mr. II Mr. Anthony.

Bacon, Mr. Odjcovne, Mr. Raker, Si

s.. 1.

Controverted

Elections.

Ufoal Orders.

2 2 Geo. III. 28° Novembris. 57

Sir Philip Jennings Clerke, Mr. Minchin, Sir William

Wake, the Lord Althorpe, Sir George Ilozvard, Sir Edward A (I ley, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Lord Frederick

Campbell, the Lord North, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Rigby, the Earl Nugent, Mr. Burke, Mr. Pitt, Colonel Mr.

Dunning, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Pouleit, the Earl of Surrey, the Lord Hyde, General Mr. Ord,

Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Perceval, Mr. Mr. Elives, the Lord Mahon, M r. Ewer, t he I ord Sheffield, General Burgmjne,

Sir Charles Gould, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Pen/on,

Mr. Stanhope, Lord George Germain, Mr. Mr.

Stratum; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet upon Monday Sevennight, at Seven of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to fit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all who come are to have Voices) and they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Privileges; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, from Time to Time; and the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and if any Thing ilia.11 come in Question touching the Matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate.

Ordered, That all Persons who will question any Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, do question the same within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in; and that all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, do make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the'Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: and, if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Return or Election of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members returned upon Double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That where this House shall judge any Petition touching Elections to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that *any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a High Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence, in any Case, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieu-

Vol. 38.

tenant of any County* to concern themselves in the Elections of "Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Resolved, That, in all Cases of controverted Elections . for Counties in England and Wales, the Petitioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed by the House, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody auy Stranger, or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker's Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever.without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care to clear the Speaker's Chamber every Day before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger, or Strangers, into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take Care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple Bar and Westminster Hull shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be made, by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in waiting do take Care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in West-m infer Hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance, by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House to take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by the special Order of the House.

7 G Ordered,

57*

28° Novemb.

1781.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting, or losing, of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Poll Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Pod Master General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, condantly attend, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the lead immediately ader the Rising of the House, and also from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain. undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the' Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Pod-Mader General.

Ordered, That when any letter, or Packet, directed to this House, diall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame; and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do, from Time to Time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House, be printed, being fird perused by Mr. Speaker, and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, dp presume to print the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Beaclicroft and Mr. Drummond, Two of the Commissioners for examining, taking, and dating the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Fifth Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and date, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

And the said Report was also read.

The said Report is as followeth; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

The Fifth Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and date, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

Upon the Certificate of Accounts depending in the Office of the Auditors of the Impred, next to the Pay-maders General of the Forces out of Office, dands the Name of the Right honourable Richard Rigby, the present Paymader General of the Forces. In return to our Precept, he dated to be in his Hands, upon the 28th of November lad, a Balance of Four hundred r ... 11. j|. Forty-seven thousand One hundred Fifty-three Pounds

' Eleven Shillings and Three Pence Three Farthings.

The Act directs. That in taking an Account of the Public Money in the Hands of an Accountant, " we " shall consider what Sum may be taken out of his *0

Fifth Report of Commissionere of Public Accounts.

" Hands, to be disposed of by Parliament for the Publie Service." But in aw Office of so large a Receipt and Expenditure as that of the Pay Office, through which many Millions pass in the Year, it was not to be imagined, that a Sum in the Hands of the Paymader General upon any given Day, could possibly remain long enough in his Possession to become a Subject capable of such Discussion; he mud have ill'ued the Whole of it, long before we could, in the course of our Proceedings, have an Opportunity of examining it; and therefore we considered this Balance, not with a View to the taking any Part of that individual Sum out of his Hands, but to compare the Quantum of that Balance with the Demands upon it on the Day of its Date, and to fee whether it was not more than was necessary to answer the then exiding or approaching Claims upon the Paymader General of the.Forces, for the Services of the Army.

That we might be able to form an Opinion upon this Subject, we proceeded to enquire of what Parts this Balance was compounded, at what Time each Part was received, and for what Service intended. An Inquiry that comprehends the whole Extent of the Business in this Office.

The Public Money in the Hands of the Paymader General, is received by him, either from the Exchequer, or from the Treasury of Ireland, when Regiments are drawn out of that Kingdom, and in Part paid by Great Britain; or from Persons who, upon their Accounts being settled, are directed by the King's Warrant to pay the Balance into his Hands.

The present Paymader General has no Money in his Hands received from the Treasury of Ireland; all the Accounts of the Irish Regiments being made tip, and their whole Pay now borne by Great Britain. The Sum in his Hands, arising from Balances directed to be paid to him, was, upon the 1 ft of February lad, Eight thousand Four hundred Sixty-three Pounds Ten Shillings m and Four Pence. The Exchequer is the great Source from whence he draws his Supply.

As the extensive Transactions of the lad Year would probably furnish us with Indances of every Species of Receipt and Iffiie, we procured from the Treasury an Account of the several Sums issued to the Paymader Appendix. General of the Forces, from the 24 th of December 1779 j to the 25th of December 1780, and from thence to the 16th of May 1781 ,didinguishing the Times when issued, and for what particular Services.

From the Examinations of Mr. John Clerk of the Debentures in the Odice of the Auditor of the Exchequer; Richard Molefworlh, Esquire, late Deputy Paymader in North America; the Right honourable Richard Rigby, the present Paymader General; John Powell, Esquire, Cashier; and Charles Ef-

quire, Accountant in the Office of the Paymader General; we obtained the following Account of the Manner of transacting the Business in this Office, and of the Balance in Question.

The Supply for the Army is granted by Parliament to the Kiflg, and therefore no Part of this Supply can be issued from the Exchequer, without the Royal Sign Manual authorizing such Iffiie. After the Supply is granted, there comes from the Treasury to the Pay Office the King's Sign Manual, directing the Lords of the Treasury to issue unto the Paymader General a certain Part of that Supply (in Time of War usually a Million) by way of Impred, and upon Account, according to such Warrants and Orders as either are or shall be signed by the King. This Sign Manual, with the Treasury Warrant, and Order of the Auditor of the Exchequer made in pursuance of the Sign Manual, after being entered in the Pay Office, are lodged at the Exchequer, and give the Paymader G eneral aCredit there for the Sum mentioned in those Indruments. To obtain any Part of this Credit, the Paymader General presentsa Memorial to the Treasury, specify ing t lie Sum he requires,

and

N° 2. K‘3*

tc-4.

K* 5,5:

28° Novembris.

aa Geo. III.

573

and for what Service. the Treasury, by Letter, direct the Auditor of the Exchequer to issue that Sum to the Pay-master General, upon the unsatisfied Order above mentioned. This Letter being produced, and passing through the Forms of Office, he obtains from them the Sum he wants. When the Sum in this Sign Manual is exhausted, another Sign Manual, with the consequential Warrant and Order, is obtained, and in like Manner from Time to Time renewed, until there is Occasion for the last Sum, which completes the whole Army Supply of the Year; when, instead of a Sign Manual, there comes a Privy Seal, directing the Issue of that remaining Sum, and including, authorizing, confirming, and covering, the whole Supply of that Year.

It was usual formerly for the Paymaster General to apply to the Treasury every Four Months, each Time for about a Third Part of the Sum voted for the Services of the Army, under the general Head of Subsistence and Pay of the Forces at Home and Abroad; but since the Year 1759, the Practice has been to a!k of the Treasury, from Time to Time, for the Sums voted under distinct Heads of Service, and not until the Time when the Demands for the Services are near approaching.

The Services are ranged under Two general Heads, the Ordinary and the Extraordinary; the Ordinary, are those for which specific Sufns are annually voted by Parliament; the Extraordinary, are those, which, though not provided for by Parliament are nevertheless considered as necessary, and therefore paid, in Confidence of their being provided for in the succeeding Session.

As the Service is distinguished, so is the Application for it to the Treasury. Sums for the Ordinary Services are obtained upon the Application of the Paymaster General himself; those for the Extraordinary, are directed into his Hands, upon the Application of others.

After the Supply for the Pay of the Army is voted by Parliament, the Secretary at. War fends to the Pay Office the Four F.stabliftimenls for the Year; which are, The Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forced; The Forces in the Plantations, and the Garrisons in North Amei'ica and the West Indies; The Forces in Minorca and Garrison of Gibraltar; and, . The Militia; with the several Regulations of the Subsistence. The Establishment contains the Distribution of the whole Sum voted, among!! the several Regiments, Corps, Garrisons, Officers and private Men, by the Day, and by the Year, and the grofsSum allowed for each Regiment, Corps, and Garrison. To each Establishment are annexed Two Warrants, the one directing the Paymaster General to make a Deduction of Twelve Pence in the Pound out of all he shall issue, called the Poundage, and specifying to what Services it shall be applied; the other, directing a Deduction of One Day's Pay? out of the Payments in the Establishment, for the Use of ChelJ'ea Hospital.

In general the gross Sum allowed for a Regiment, or Corps, is divided, in the Establishment, into Five Parts, under the Description of The Full Pay of each Officer and private Man; the Allowance to Widows; The Allowance to the Colonel, and for Clothing loft by Deserters; The Allowance to the Captain for recruiting, Sic.; and, The Allowance to the Agent. But in the Pay Office this gross Sum undergoes a different Division, consisting of The Subsistence, The Poundage, The Hospital, The Allowance to Widows, The Nett Off-reckonings, The Clearings, and sometimes Refpits.

It is in Consequence of these Deductions fropt, and Divisions of, the gross Sums allotted to different Corps, and of distinct Sums being provided by Parliament for certain Services, That the Application by the Paymaster General to the Treasury for Money, is made under distinct Heads of Service. These Services may, for the Vol. 38.

Purpose of our Inquiry, be distinguished under Three Fifth Report

Heads; filST

First. Those Services for which the whole Sum re- public Ac-ceived by the Paymaster General, at the Exchequer, is counts, issued by him soon after he receives it.

Secondly. Those, for which the Sum he receives, belonging to particular Persons, remains in his Posses* fion upon Account of the Persons entitled* until they, or their Agents, apply to him for Payment.

Thirdly. Those, for which a Part only of the Sum he receives, is issued by him soon after he receives it, and the Remainder continues in his Hands for any indefinite Time.

Of the First Class, where he soon issues all he receives, arc, The returned Poundage; Chelsea Hospital, and the Out Pensioners; The Subsistence of the Forces in Jamaica and the East Indies, and of the Non-commis-

fioned Officers and private Men in Africa; the Subsistence and Clothing of the Militia and Invalids;

The Subsistence issued upon Account; The Stoppages of the Officers; Subsistence in the West Indies, North America, and Garrisons of Gibraltar and Minorca; The General and Staff Officers and Garrisons in Great tain; The Net Off-reckonings; The Allowances to the Colonel, Captain, and Agent: The Clearings;

Foreign Subsidies; Arrears of the Foreign Troops;

Levy Money; and all the F.xtraordinaries, Under the Head of Subsistence of the Forces at Hpme, so much of the Sum received, as the Subsistence actually amounts to, is issued to the Agents as soon as be receives it.

Of the Second Class, are. The reduced Officers, and, under the several Heads of the Garrisons Abroad, the General and Staff Officers, and Hospital Abroad: So much of the Sums voted for these Services, as is contained in each Warrant for the Pay of the Officers named in the Certificate, remains in his Hands until those Officers or their Agents apply for it

Of the Third Class, where he issues a Part only of the Sums he receives, are. The Subsistence of the Forces at Home; The Subsistence of the Non-commissioned Officers and private Men of the British Forces in the West Indies and North America, and of the Foreign Troops; The Garrisons Abroad; and The General and Staff Officers and Hospital Abroad. Besides these, there are some other Heads of Service, to satisfy which, he does not expressly apply to the Treasury for Money, but pays the Demands for them out of what lie has received under other Heads of Service: These are. The Allowance to Widows; Some Services to which the Poundage is made subject by the King's Warrant and Contingencies.

Having thus procured the Knowledge of the Services, and of the Mode'of receiving from the Exchequer, and of issuing Money for each Service; it remained, in order to find out the component Parts of this Balance, to compare the Sums received for these Services, with the Sums issued, and fee what remained in the Hands of the Paymaster General under each Head: But the Manner in which the Accounts in this Office are now, and have been kept from Time immemorial, rendered such an Invelligation hardly practicable.

When the Paymaster General passes an Account before the Auditor of the Imprest, he charges himself therein, with the Money he has received out of the Exchequer, during the Period of that Account, in one gross Sum; he verifies the Charge by the Imprest Roll, which specifies the Sums he has received in each Memorial, and the Termkin w'hich he received them, but not for what Services; all that is required of him is, to render an Account for what Services he has expended the Sum imprested to him: To do this confidently with Order and Method, his Payments must be arranged under distinfit Heads of Service; but there is no Necessity for making the like Arrangements of his Receipts, it

would

Fifth Report of Commissioners of Public Accounts.

574

would only occasion the Entry of a Variety of Articles Iri his Charge, in (lead of One, which One* answers full fis well all the Purposes of passing his Accounts. With a View to this, is formed the Plan upon which his Books are kept; the Accounts of his Payments are under separate and distinct Heads of Service, but he has only One Calli Account; though in One Memorial to the Treasury, he often alks for several Sums, under various distinct Heads of Service, yet he enters the Re-fceipt in his Calli Book, as One entire Sum received that Day at the Exchequer, and carries it as One Sum to the King's.Account current in his Ledger: To have found out, therefore, the Savings in his Hands, under any One Head of Service, he mult have examined every Memorial presented by him to the Treasury for the Thirteen Years he. has been in Office, and have extracted from thence, and collected together, all the Sums he has received for that Service, in order to compare them with the IAues. And here too arose another Difficulty: — In tins Office, a Payment for any Service, made in a subsequent Year, is entered in the Account of that Year in which the Sum was voted for that Service, unless such Account is made up, and then it is entered in the next Open Year's Account; hence these Accounts are usually kept open, until they are ready to be passed by the Auditors of the Imprest; which Time not being yet come for the Accounts of the Paymaster General in Office, not one of his Ledgers are yet made up; he could not therefore have given us the IAues for any One Service, without making up the Account of that Service in every Year's Ledger, since he has been in Office.

Thinking ourselves by no Means warranted to take up the Time, and perhaps impede the current Business of this Office, at so busy and important a Period, by employing them in so laborious, and, unless for this particular Purpose, so useless a Talk; we had Recourse to such other Circumstances in Evidence before us, as might lead us to a Decision upon the Point we are pursuing.

From the Arrangement we have made of the Sums received by the Paymaster General from the Exchequer, it appears, that the Balance in his Hands cannot consist of any Sums comprehended in the First Class; because of them he very soon ifiues all he receives: Nor is it probable, that Sums in the Second Class can constitute any very considerable Part of it.; because it is not to be presumed, that Officers of any Denomination willfuffer their Pay to continue long without applying for it, either by themselves or their Agents.

A continual Receipt and Blue, implies a Balance continually in Hand; there must be the like continual Balance where there are Intervals between the Receipt and Blue, and a freili Supply always comes in before the Blue, as in the same of every Bank: Butour Inquiry is after a Sum more permanent; a Sum that remains long unapplied to any Service, and which, if otherwise disposed of, would occasion no Interruption in the regular Course of paying the Army Services; for such a Balance, in the Hands of the Paymaster General, we must look amongst the Sums for the Services named in the Third Class, where he ifiues less than he receives.

Under the Denomination of Subsistence for the Forces at Home, he receives more than that Subsistence amounts to, with an Intent of procuring thereby a Fund for certain Payments not specifically applied for by him, and therefore otherwise unprovided for: He receives Subsistence upon the full Establishment of the Non-commissioned Officers and private Men of Forces in

North America and Part of the West , and of the Foreign Troops; but as these Regiments must be incomplete, and the Deputy Paymasters there issue Subsistence according to the Strength only of the Regiment he does not remit to them the whole he receives but so much only as, from the last Accounts they fend him

Jt. 1781.

of the State of the Balances in their Hands, he judges will be sufficient to enable them to carry on (lie Public Service. This uniffued Subsistence of the British forces in the West Indies and North America continues in his

Hands till the Accounts of the several Regiments are made up, when it falls into the Clearings, and is issued to the Agents; but this is not till Fifteen or Sixteen Months after they become due. The uniftued Subsistence of the Foreign Troops remains with him till their Arrears are paid to the Agents -, which Time seems, from the Account of the IAues received from the Treasury, . generally to be about Two Years after they are due.

He reefeives the whole Sums voted for Garritbns, Staff, and Hospital Abroad; but the Officers in these Departments, named in the Certificates from the War Office, do not exhaust the whole Sum voted.

Hence arises a Fund composed of these Savings, out of which he ifiues for certain Services, and defrays certain Expences, without making any specific Application for them to the Treasury; these are. The Allowance to Widows; Some of the Payments to which the Poundage is made applicable by the King's Warrants; and.

The miscellaneous Head of Contingences.

To Demands for these Services, and to no other that we can discover (except such Claims for the Pay of the General and Stats Officers, and Officers of the Garrisons and Hospitals Abroad, and of the reduced Officers, as remained unsatisfied) was this Balance liable on the Day of its Date. What then was the Amount of these Demands at that Time PNothinghad been issued for the Allowance to Widows in the Year 1780; for enough remained of former Receipts, in the Hands of the Paymaster of the Widows Pennons to carry on that Service; and therefore this Balance was not liable to be reduced by any Blue under the Head of Allowance to Widows. We could not have the Accounts of the Payments out of the Poundage and Hospital, and for the Contingencies in the Year 1780, because some of the Warrants had not been produced for Payment, and therefore the Accounts could not be made up; but finding, that where the Establishments are nearly the fame, there is no considerable Difference between the Payments made, upon these Two Heads, in one Year and another; we applied to the Pay Office for an Account of the Payments made No. by the Paymaster General, out of the Deductions of Twelve Pence in the Pound, and One Day's Pay; and for an Account of the Payments made by him for the No.!. contingent Expences of His Majesty's Forces, for the last Year in which these Accounts were made up at the Office. The Accounts transmitted to 11s, pursuant to this Requisition, are of the Year 1778; and as they, probably, do not vary much from those of the Year,17 80, they will shew us, with sufficient Accuracy, the Amount of the Demands for these Two Heads of Service upon the Balance now before us. The Payments out of the Poundage and One Day's Pay, consist of Salaries to Officers, Exchequer Fees, Returned Poundage, and Cliel/ea Hospital; the whole Amount of which, for this One Year, is One hundred Fourteen thou fund Two £.114,1(3 hundred Sixty-five Pounds Ten Shillings and Two Pence. The Articles of Exchequer Fees, Returned Poundage, and Chelsea Hospital, though placed to this Account, are not Demands upon this Balance. The Exchequer Fees for every Sum are always paid at the Exchequer out of the Sum at the Time it was received; the Paymaster General debits his Cafii with the whole Sum he applies for, and credits it for the Fees; and therefore the only Alteration made in his Caff), is an Increase by the Sum he atks, deducting the Exchequer Fees. The other Two Services being applied for under their specific Heads, he receives a Sum with one Hand, and ifiues it with the other; and therefore these Three ,j.

Articlesamountingto Ninety-seven thousand Nine hundred and Twelve Pounds Seven Shillings and Six Pence, being deducted from the Total, leaves thu Sum of

Sixteen

a 8° Novem

22 Geo. III. 28° .

* i«»3S3- * *.

' *4>9*4- >9- *

- >6.355- * *

»W»4- »9- *

4.1,253. 2. 4.

-+47,153- * 3i-

N-9.

N* 10.

,400^00.

4j^oao>

Sixteen thousand Three hundred Fifty-three Pounds upon the 27th of September last, the Sum returned Two Shillings and Eight Pence only, as a Charge upon to our Requisition was Two hundred and Fifty-six ij6,oo». this Balance; which Sum, consisting chiefly of Salaries, thousand Pounds; so that, during a Period of Fifteen for the most Part paid Quarterly, soon after they become Years after he was out of Office, it suffered very little c0l„fp0lt due, leaves Claims to a very small Amount indeed to Diminution from any Claims whatever, mifsioners

be satisfied out of this Balance. From these Fa6ts we may infer, that A Paymaster of Public

The contingent Expences consist of a Variety of General, at the Time of his Resignation, be it when it Account?. Articles, amounting to Twenty-four thousand Nine will, takes with him a Sum of Public Money, a great hundred and Fourteen Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Part of which remairts with him, unapplied to any Eight Pence; this Account never either much exceeds. Public Service, until his Accounts are passed by the or comes much under, Twenty-four thousand Pounds, Auditors of the Imprest; and consequently, that he has the Sum voted for the Contingencies upon the Ella- constantly in his Hands greatly more than he wants for blishment at Home and Abroad; for so much of these the furposes for which it was issued to him.

Payments as exceed the Sum voted, are carried to the During the course of our Inquiry, certain Circum*

Account of Extraordinaries. These Articles being paid fiances in this Office attracted our Attention, as Sub-some Quarterly, some Half-yearly, and some Yearly, jedls demanding present Correction, and Prevention no very considerable Part of them can probably remain for the future.

unpaid at the End of the Eleventh Month oflbat Year, , The usual course of the Receipts and IfiTues in this and cannot therefore be a Charge upon this Balance on Office, for several Years, has constantly put into the the 28th of November 1780: From hence it follows. Hands of the Paymaster General a large Sum of Public that, supposing the Amount of the Claims for these Money not employed in the Public Service, expressly Services in 1780, not to exceed their Amount in 1778, contrary to that found Maxim of Prudence and the Claims for these Services upon this Balanoe, upon Economy, That more should not be issued from the the 28th of November 1780, was so much only of the Exchequer for any Service, than that Service wants.

Sums of Sixteen thousand Three hundred Fifty-three He asks Sums of the Treasury under specific Heads of Pounds Two Shillings and Eight Pence, and Twenty- Service, and in the Formofa Computation;the Treasury four thousand Nine hundred Fourteen Pounds Nineteen direct the I flue in the Terms he asks it, without knowing Shillings and Eight Pence; making together Forty-one whether the Service is adequate to the Requisition* thousand Two hundred and Sixty-eight Pounds Two whether the Computation be just, and whether he fia#

Shillings and Four Pence; as had not been applied for? not already in his Hands full as much as he wants; and satisfied, during the first Eleven Months of that There is no Controul upon him in the Exchequer; thj?

Year; and therefore, we think ourselves well grounded only Attention of that Office is, to see that the Issue in an Opinion, that the Sum of Four hundred Forty- does not exceed his Credit, and that his Credit does no^ seven thousand One hundred Fifty-three Pounds Eleven exceed the Supply for the Army Services, voted by;

Shillings and Three Pence Three Farthings, in the Parliament that Year. Supposing the Constitut.iou of Hands of the Paymaster General of the Forces, upon this Office to continue'in its present Form, we think the 28th of November last, was greatly more than was the Interpolation- of some Check necessary, to reduce; necessary to answer the Claims upon him at that Time and confine this Balance within its due Bounds. The for the Service of the Army. Paymaster General can recei ve nothing from the Exche-

But our Inquiry did not rest here; it concerns the quer, but by Direction of tlje Treasury,; the Treasury,

Public to know what Proportion the Sum* continually therefore, mould have the; Means of judging upon the in the Hands of an Officer to whom so much is en- Propriety and Necessity of the Requiutions'to which a trusted, bears to the Services of his Department; we frequent Knowledge yf his Balance is eflential1; and, required, therefore, from the Pay Office, an Account of therefore we are of Opinion, that in the First Memorial the Balance in the Hands of the present Paymaster presented every Mpntlj, by the Paymaster General of,

General of the Forces, on thegift of December 1768, the Forces to the Lords of the Treasury, for a Supply; and at the End of each succeeding Year, to the 31 ft of for the Army Services, he should always insert the Sum,

December 1780, inclusive; and an Account of the total Total of the Balance of Public Money, Tor the Service Sums received and paid by the Paymaster General for of the Army, at that Time in his Hands, Custody, or every Month, from the iftof Tanuary 1780 to the 31st Power. What those due Bounds are, within which of May last, with the Total' of the Balance remaining this Balance ought to be circumscribed, depends upon in his Hands at the End of each Month. These a Variety of Circumstances, of which the Treasury Accounts ftiew, that the Average Yearly Balance, in may, upon Examination, obtain Knowledge sufficient the Hands, of the present Paymaster General, for to direct their Judgment.

Twelve Years, has been Five hundred Eighty-five^ But this Usage of Office operates still further; it is thousand Eight hundred Ninety-eight Pounds; and nofconfined to the Paymaster General in being pnly^, his Average Monthly Balance, for Seventeen Months, but he has been permitted after his Resignation, and his. has been Eight hundred Sixty-nine thousand One" Representatives, in case of his Death, to retain the hundred Forty-eight Pounds. Mohey of the Public until the final Adjustment of his

The Magnitude of these Slims furnish'es a strong Accounts by the Auditors of the Imprest. The Average; Prefiimption, that the Paymaster General of the Forces of Lord Holland's Balance, from his Resignation in the possesses, constantly, a Sum much larger than isrequisite Year 1765, to the Year 1778, when the Two hundred, for the carrying on the Army Services; and we are^ thousafid Pounds were paid into the Exchequer, by his

confirmed in this Opinion, by the State of the Balances^ Representatives, was Four hundred Fifty-Tive thousand £ 45s,735-

in the Pofiession of the Paymasters General of the Forces Seven hundred Thirty-five Pounds. The Average of after their Resignation, annexed to our last Report; by the Balance of the presentPaymaster General, from the which it appears, that of Four Paymasters General, Year 1768, when he came intp Office, to the same Year each, upon his quitting the Office, took with him the 1778, was Four" hundred Fifty-three thousand Ooe ^-453,1*0* Suni then in his Hands; the Balances they returned to hundred and Eighty Pounds;. making togethpr. Nine £.9ot,9 j, ©ur Precepts, above Twelve Years after their Resigna- hundred and Eight thousand Nine hundred and Fifteen.

tfpns, were even then very large. Lord Holland's Pounds; a Sum belonging to the Public, in the Pose Balance, the C//rpfmar after he quitted the Office in 1765, fession of only Two of their Officers, for Nine Years, was Four hundred and Sixty thousand Pounds; in the and the Public reaping no Benefit from it whatever.;

Year 1778, at. the Time his Representatives paid back The Public Good calls for so effectual a Correctiop , into the Exchequer Two hundred thousand Pounds, it of this Evil, as to prevent it from ever happening;

was, Four hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds V an97 for the future. Ai there should be a Check upon the

' Vox.. 38. 7 H Balance

57*

a8b Novem

A. 1781.

Fifth Report Balance of a Paymaster General whilfthe is in Office, it of Com- js equally expedient, that he should retain his Balance as of Public ffiort a Time as possible after his Resignation; that he Account*. should pay it over to his Successor, and the subsequent Business be carried on by him, at least as much of it as can be transacted by him without causing Consulion or Delay. According to the present course of Business of this Office, upon the Resignation of a Paymaster 4th Report. General, his Accounts of the Year's Establishment are N° 3. carried on to the 24th of June, or 24th of,

preceding or subsequent to his Resignation, as is most convenient to the Public Service; when it is subsequent, he receives from the Exchequer, though out of Office, his Proportion of the Supply of the Year to that Time, and applies it in Discharge of the Demands upon the Service, which accrued down to that Period; but of these Demands, some do not come in a course of Payment, others are not applied for till feme Time after they are due; neither the Nett Off-reckonings nor the Clearings, which are the last Payments on Account of a Regiment, are discharged till Fifteen or Sixteen Months after they become due; the General, Staff, and Reduced Officers, do not all apply immediately for their Pay; Warrants for Contingencies are frequently not produced until several Months after they are payable; and the Pay-master General has Deputies in various Parts of the World, whose Accounts he mull have Time to adjust; it is therefore convenient, and prevents Trouble to the Office, that his Business should be carried on, and so much of the Public Money, as is necessary for that Purpose, continue in his Hands for some short Time afterwards; and if the Balance be confined within its proper Bounds, whilst he is in Office, the Interest of the Public will not be materially affected by the Detention of a moderate Balance, for a few Months after his Resignation.

If Claimants for Sums directed, but not applied for, in the Time of the Predecessor, must, according to the present Forms of Office, have Recourse to the Treasury for new Warrants, those Forms are inconvenient, and should be altered; the Successor should be empowered to pay such Demands, under the Authority given to the Predecessor, without putting Claimants to the Trouble and Expence of a Second Application.

Was the Paymaster General to retain his Balance until his Accounts are finally adjusted, the Public would be kept out of their Money to a very distant and uncertain Period. It is Sixteen Years since Lord Holland resigned, and his Accounts are Hill in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest unsettled; the present Paymaster General has been in Office Thirteen Years, and the first Three Years and a Half only of his Accounts are sent into that Office, and in their First Stage. The Public have a Right to be informed how their Money has been expended, and as speedily as possible after the Expenditure: The Evils attending Delay are many and obvious, both to the Perl'on accounting, and to those entitled to call for the Account. Being accustomed to go in one Track, and long Inattention to this Point, in the Departments both of the Paymaster General and of the Auditors of the Imprest, added to a great Increase of Business, have produced long Arrears; it requires, and there ought to be, an extraordinary Exettion in both Offices, to bring the Accounts forward, and to introduce and establish that Order and Regularity in making them up, and keeping them, which should be strictly adhered to in every Office of Account., To obtain and preserve an accurate and competent Knowledge of the ' State they are in, they should be made up and balanced Once a Year, to a certain Hated Time, and as soon as may be after that stated Time is elapfod. But the Time it takes to complete the Payment of certain Services, and the Manner of carrying on some Branches of the Business in this Office, are Impediments to such a Regulation, and seem not well calculated either for Perspicuity or Expedition. There are certain Services,

for which no specific Sums are appropriated, either W the Vote of Parliament, or by the Distribution in lUe Establishment; but they are paid out of Funds compounded of a great Variety and Number of Articles, fubt rafted from variousdifferentgrofsSums, either voted or allotted for certain Purposes: These Services are, Chelsea Hospital, The Allowance to Widows, The Cloathing of the Regulars, Exchequer Fees, and Salaries to certain Officers. One of these Funds is the Poundage, which consists of various Deductions of Twelve Pence in the Pound uponalmost every individual Sum (except the Half Pay, of which the Deduction is only Six Pence in the Pound) voted, or allotted by the Distributions in the Establishments, for the Army Services: Out of this Fund are paid, 1ft. The returned Poundage; that is, this very Deduction, thus made, is paid back to certainCorps; so that this Part of it seems.to lie deducted for no other Purpose but that of returning it back again, adly. A Part of this Poundage is applied towards the Expences of Chelsea Hospital. 3dly. The Remainder pays the Exchequer Fees, and the Salaries of the Paymaster General, and of other Officers.

The Expences attending Chelsea Hospital are paid out of Two Funds, blended together; the one is Part of the Poundage above-mentioned; the other is formed . of the Deductions of One Day's Pay of every Person named in some of the Establishments, and of some of the Persons named in other'of the Mtablishments: To form this Fund, and that of the Poundage, and to make these several Deductions, is the Business of the Pay Office.

The Allowance to Widows, consists of the Pay of Two Private Men a Company, and is a Part of the Establishment in every Regiment; this comes from the War Office, but the several Articles are collected together from the Regimental Distributions, and formed into a Fund, in the Pay Office.

The Fund for the Cloathing is called the Nett Offreckonings; and is composed of Deductions made in the Pay Office, out of the Sums allotted in the Establishment for the Full Pay of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, in most of the Regiments and Corps.

One Effect of these Operations is, that in making up the State of every Regiment in the Pay Office, the Sum allotted for its Pay in the Establishment mull conlift of Six Parts; The Poundage, The Hospital, The Subsistence, The Allowance to Widows, The Off-reckonings, and The Clearings, and sometimes Refpits. This State, besides the Business it Creates in the Pay Office, must be examined, computed, and signed, by the Agent; for he receives the Clearings, which is the Balance due to the Regiment; the Truth of which Balance depends upon the Justness of the Calculation of the other Divisions: It must be examined too, and computed, by the Auditor of the Imprest; for the Paymaster General taking Credit in his Account for the whole Pay of each Regiment, and surcharging himself with the total Amount of the Deductions of the Poundage, Hospital, and Widows, in every Year, the Auditor cannot knqw the Accuracy of the Surcharge, without an Examination of each Article that composes it.

To Persons accustomed to the Course of Office, these Computations are easy and familiar; but they certainly must take up Time; an Object, considering the present State of the Army Accounts, worth attending to If, instead of these Deductions, certain specific distinct Sums were estimated and set apart for these Services in the Establishment; if distinct Accounts were kept of the Receipts and Payments, under each Head of Service; if the Cloathing of the Regulars was voted like the Cloathing of the Militia, separate from the Establishment; if the Sum allotted to a Regiment should be the actual Pay, and the Whole of it be distributed amongst the Officers and Private Men, and paid to them without Deduction, at such Times and in such Proportions as

fli3U

£ 2 Geo. III. 2 8° Novetnhris*

shall be deemed bed for the Service; if every distinct Service had its didin6t Appropriation, which can be easily estimated by the Experience of preceding Years; it should seem as if this Branch of the Pay of the Army might be carried on in a more simple, expeditious, and intelligible Manner.

In Public Truds, the Possibility of a Loss should be guarded against, as much as the Nature of the Trulls will admit, without any Respect to Persons, or placing any more Confidence in any Man than can be helped. The Sums that appear to have been intruded to Pay-maders General, are of a Magnitude that implies Danger to the Public; for who can give, or find Security for the Payment of them ? At the Head of this Class of Accountants, dands an Indance of an actual Loss; the lad Account that was passed of Lord Lincoln's was to the 2 4th of December 1719, between which, and the 2 5th of June 1720, Four hundred Seventy-three thousand One hundred Twenty-seven Pounds, were issued to him from the Exchequer; of this Sum it does not appear that any Account was ever given, nor have we been able to trace, either in the Pay Office, or in that of the Auditors of the Impred, the Expenditure of any Part of it; neither Book nor Paper, relative to this Account, is to be found in either of those Offices. It has been the Practice of the Paymaders General, when they went out of Office, to take with them the Books and Papers that relate to their Accounts, as their own private Property; but as the Paymaster General is an Officer appointed to a Public Trud, his Office created for the Use of, and supported by, the Public, and his Books contain Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of Public Money j we are of Opinion, that all these Official Books and Papers are, and should be considered as the Property of the Public, and as such, left and deposited in the Pay Office, for the Use and Information of Poderity.

The Regulations hitherto fuggeded, are upon aSup-pofitiorrthat the Conditution of this Office continues in its present Form; but there is a Modification, which, if it can be adopted, will effectually remove the Power, and therefore the Possibility, of Loss or Abuse; that is, by taking away from the Paymader General of the Forces, the Cudody of the Public Calli, and placing it in the Bank of England; this Treasury will then be converted into an Office of mere Account, and the Paymader General, instead of being the Banker of the Army, will be the Instrument only, through whom the Army Services are paid, without having the Power of applying the Public Money to any other Purposes whatever. Some Judgment may be formed how far this Plan is practicable, by comparing the Alteration it will make in the great Outlines of the Business of this Office, The Receipt, The 1 flue. The keeping the Accounts, and The Accounting, with the Forms now in Vfe. The Impred mud be to the Bank the Bank

571

mud make the Payments, by Means of Checque Drafts drawn by the Paymader General, specifying the Warrant, and the Service: The Paymader General mud keep the Account of these Receipts and Payments, and the Bank a Duplicate; both mud join in passing the Accounts, the one producing the Warrants discharged by his Drafts, the other producing the Drafts discharged by Payment. Under the present Conditution of this Office, the Paymader General keeps his Cash at the Bank; the Bank receives it at the Exchequer on his Account; he never pays in Cash, but by his Cashiers Drafts on the Bank: He keeps the Account of all these Receipts and Payments, as if they were transa&ed in Cash: The Warrant indorsed, or the Warrant and Receipt, or the Warrant and Regimental Pay Book, signed by the Agent, and Receipt for the Off-reckonings, are his Vouchers: His Deputies pay, when they can, by Drafts upon the Agent to the Remitter, who is the Bank Abroad, and accountable to the Public.

Such is the Similitude between the Mode proposed and the Mode in Use; and thus far this Regulation carries with it all the Appearance of being reducible to Practice.

W7e are well aware of the Difficulties that mud for ever attend the introducing Novelty of Form into ancient Offices, framed by the Wisdom of our Ancedors, and established by the Experience of Ages; they are considered as incapable of Improvement , the Officers educated in, and accudomed to the Forms in Use, are insensible of their Defeats, or, if they feel them, have no leisure, often no Ability, seldomany Inclination, to correct them; alarmed at the Idea of Innovation, they refid the Proposal of a Regulation, because it is a Change, though from a perplexed and intricate^ to a more simple and intelligible Sydem.

To trace this Alteration through every Branch of the Business, to mark all its Effects, that it does not in any wise didurb the Pay of the Army, perplex the Accounts, or throw Difficulties or Delay in the passing them; to point out the Steps by which it ought gradually and methodically to be introduced, is a Work of long serious Attention and accurate Examination; but the Appearance this Plan carries with it of being prao* ticable, and the Advantage it holds out to the Public, in an Office, that certainly dands in Need of some Reform, fiford us sufficient Reason for submitting the Consideration of it to the Wisdom of the Legidature.

Office of Accounts, (L.S.)

Surrey Street, T. Anguish, (L. S )

10th August 1781,

Richd Neave, (L» S.)

Sam1 Beuchcroft, (L. S.j

Geo. Drummond^ (L. Si)

Vol. 38.

APPENDIX.

Fifth Report of Commissioners of Public ACi counts.

28° N&tembrh,

Fifth Report of Commissioners of Public Ac- , counts.

57®

t. 1781.

A P P E N

N* x.

D I X.

An* ACCOUNT of th6 several Sums issued'to the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of the! Forces, from the 24th Day of December 1779 to the 25th Day of December 1780, and from that Period to the present Time (16th May 1781); dhtinguiming the Times when itfued, and for what particular Services.

Date of Issue.

x7‘79-

7 th Deer.

31st D*. 1780. 10th Jan. i ith D°. 13 th D°. 17th D°.

18th D\ D®.

31 ft D#.

14th Feb'*

16th D*. 22dDa

jft March. 2?d D®.

£ R V I C t S.

George Browne, for Provisions sent to Goree Messrs. Mure and C°, for Freight, &c.

Sundry Contractors, for Provisions -hi Days Pay of Hanoverians, to 23d February 1780 -Bank of England, for Bills of Exchange -Advanced Subsistence to id Battalion Lord McLeod's Regiment, to 24th December 1780 -

92 Days Subsistence, to 24th April 1780, to 86th, 87th, 90th, and 91 ft Regiments -30 Days Subsistence of Troops at Home, to 23d February 1780 ——

D° - - of Militia - toD" *

61 Days Stoppages from the Subsistence of the Forces Abroad to D® -

30 Days Subsistence of 10 Companies oflnvalids, to 23d January 1780 -

Upou Account of Subsistence of a Regiment to be raised by Major General ltainsford -Towards satisfying Arrears of Pay to the Hejfian Troops, for the Year 1777 ——

To George Brown, for Provisions, and S. Martin, for Coals ——

Bank of England, for Bills of Exchange

31 Days Subsistence of the Forces at Horae, to 25th

March 1780 ——

D° - of Militia, - - - ta D* -

Subsistence of the Forces at Gibraltar -D* to the 27th and 38th Regiments, £. 500 each 61 Days Subsistence of the Troops at Minorca, to 24th Aitgujl.

Subsistence of the Forces in the WeJFIndies, to 24th June 1780 ——

61 Days Subsistence of British Forces in America, to 24th August 1780 - -

Subsistence on Account to- IXumbe?'Jtoris and FullarLoris

Corps -

D* - - - Major Hnlrmjd's Dragoons -

D® - - - - Colonel McCormick's Foot -

3 Months Subsistence in Advance to 85th and g2d Regiments ——

Subsistence, Colonel White's Regiment, Foot -D" in Advance to 93d Regiment.

61 Days Subsistence Ile/Jian Troops, to 24th August 1780 D° - - - Troops of Waldcck, to D° -

Daniel MrPhall, for Pay of an Express Boat -To satisfy fundiy Warrants for extraordinary Services For 30 Days Subsistence of the Forces at Home, to the 24th April 1780 ——

For 152 Days Pay of the 2d Battalion of the 73d Foot, to the 24th August 1780 -

For 30 Days Subsistence of Militia, to 24th April 1780 For 61 Days Stoppages from the Subsistence of the Forces serving Abroad, to D°

For a Bill drawn from Gibraltar, for Subsistence of the Gai nful) th°re ——

For 1 Days Pay of 8qth Regiment, to 24th August 1780

122 D° - - 86rh D®

IV - D® - - 87th IV

IV- D* - - 90th IV

D>- d° - - q 1 ft D5

02 -D°- - 85th D°

1V- D® - - 9zd D®

3 Months D* - 94th D®

to D® -to D® -to D* -

tO D® - - r

to D° -

to D3 -

to D® June 1780 -

Voted Servlets.

s. d.

7,806 6 It:

9,094 10 —

11,368 2 3

79,696 3 8

44,04a l9 4

41,168 12 3

997 10 —

1,000 — —

56,000 d *

79.199 5 10

44.175 6

3,000 — —

1,000 — —

3,'. 80 3 9

5.677 16 8

7,947 8 1

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

0 0 . — —

5,5®* 6 8

7OO — —

2,820 4 10

2,121 — 5

1,052 16 5

7°>I34 2 8

6,349 16 — 1 —

42,901 —

UD OO 18 —

7,000 _ — r

4,66l 6 8

3,78° 8

3*741 6 8

3*77i 16 8

3^o *9 8

2,821 6 8

2,821 6 8

2,820 4 10

Extraordinaries.

£. * d.

2,051 3 3

36,03816 9

33.364 — 1

30,323 3 u|

4.17* 5.

20,885 n

335 4 4

210,815 6 10

For

4a Geo. III.

28° N-ovembris.

Date of the Issue.

1780.

22 2d' March,

15 th April.

18th April. 19th D°. D°.

DV

D\

29th P°. 2d May. D®.

D®.

D®.

13 th D°.

D°.

22d D®. *3<1 D°.

26th D°. 27 th D®.

30th D®.

31st D®.

1 ft June. 7th D°.

16th D°.

21st D°.

29th D®. 4th July.

Vol. 38.

For Stoppages of Two Pence per Man per Day from the Pay of the Non-commissioned Officers and private fylen of the several Corps of Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, for 183 Days, to 24th December 1779 'For Subsidies to Foreign Princes -For Provision Contractors, and to Messrs. Harley and Drummond, to be remitted to America, Sic. -For Arrears of Pay to the Troops of Hesse and Anfpach, in the Years 1776, *777,' and 1778 -

For sundry Provision Contractors -For the Bank of England, for Bills of Exchange 30 Days Subsistence of the Forces at Home, to 24th May 1.780 -

D° - of Militia, - - - to D°

61 Days Subsistence of the British Forces in America, to 24th October 1780 - - - - \ -

D® of the Forces at* Minorca, to D° -D° of the Forces in the West Indies, to D°

D° of Hejians, to D° -

D° of Troops of Waldcck, to D° ' - - . - -

Arrears of Hanau Troops, A° 1777 - *

Admiral Edwards Pay, as Governor of Netvfoundland -Robert Mayne, Esquire, Provision Contractor 61 Days Pay of Hanoverians, to 24th June 1780 To sundry Persons, for extraordinary Services -For Subsidies to Foreign Princes - -

For sundry Provision Contractors -

61 Days Subsistence of sundry Regiments, to 24th December 1780 - - - .

122 D° for sundry new raised Regiments, to D° -Messrs. Hdr ley and Drummond, to be remitted Abroad To the Contractors for Home Encamnments -For Subsistence in Advance to Two Companies of the 71ft, and One Company of the 24th Regiments, to

24 th December.....-

For Subsistence in Advance to sundry new-raised Corps, to 24th August 1780 -182 Days Subsistence, ift Battalion Lord Macleod's, to 24th June 1781 ——

30 Days Subsistence of the Forces at Home, to 24th June 1780 - -

30 Days D®, - of Militia, - to D®

61 Days Stoppages from the Pay of the Forces serving Abroad - - v -

Sundry Provision Contractors -To satisfy Warrant for Militia Cloathing -D* sundry Warrants for Extraordinary Services -365 Days Pay of General, Staff, and Hospital Officers in America, to 24th December 1779 -

365 Days Pay of Garrisons Abroad, to 24th December

17 79 ——

182 Days Net Off-reckonings of His Majesty's Forces,

to 24th June 1779 ——

Towards Arrears of Ifanau Troops, A° 1778 -

Sundry Warrants for extraordinary Expences -Remittance Contractors -

Provision Contractors ——

Remittance Contractors -

Bank of England, for Bills of Exchange -

Sundry Provision Contractors -

Subsidies to Foreign Princes -

For Chelsea Hospital, for 183 Days, to 24th June 1780-

Bills drawn by the Deputy Paymaster in the West Indies

30 Days Subsistence of the Forces at Home, to 24th

July 1780-....

30 Days Subsistence of Militia, to D°

61 Days D* of the British Troops in America, to 24th December 1780 -61 Days D® of Ilejfian, - - to D®

D° - of Waldeclc Troops, - - to D V

D® - of Troops of Anfpach, -to D°

D° - of Troops at Minorca, - to D°

To Thomas Wilkinson, for a Bill of Exchange

183 Days. Half Pay, to 24th June 1780 - -

7.1

Veiled Services.

32,604 10 —

25.860 5 7

160,000 ——

76,934 18 2

4'3.385 >5 —

7*947 8

3,188 9

5,677 16 2,121 — 1,052 l6 8,000

32,283 16 -I

5,677 16 8

8,016 — —

6,543 4 8

3,890 9 10

7,698 12 —

77,546 10 3

45,072 3 10

42,337 18 —

83,535 *9 1

43,312 *9 2

19,238 ix —

143,623 16 11 4,500 ——

25,860 5 7

58,276 11 9

79,625 — 8 43,618 5 —

22,103 6 3

24,035 8 2

1,052 16 5

2,648 7 8

3,245 11 10J

41,75614 3

_ . Fifth R.fcpdfr

Extraordinaries. ' 0£c<nntnif- .

sioners of Public Accounts,

412,433 1 -7

196,291 4 1

ao,631 11

549 ——

17,178 — 11 7,806 6-; 1 I

53,424 9 >£

30,263 7 10

20.000 — — .

10.000 — — »

42,070 7 8 73,674 18 6

15,607 13 9

16.000 ——

78,610 4 6

336,414 2 6

18,188 16 8$ 54,548 14 9

7,681 4 —

2,343 — »

Sundry

280 Novemb.

Pifrh Report Commis-Aoners of Public Accounts*

580

Date of the I flue.

1780. 4th July. 6th D®. 8th IX 12 th D*.

18 th D*. aotli IX a 2d D°.

D®.

17th D*. a 8 th LX igth D®.

28 th D*.

3d Augajt,

14th D®.

: 2th D®. 13d D\

26th D*.

7 th Sept'.

14 th D®.

16th D®. 15th D\

20th D®.

19th D®. a ill D®.

D®.

gth October, 19th D®.

10th Nov.

to D# to D° to D® to D®

Voted Service?.

Sundry Warrants for extraordinary Services Contractors, for remitting Money to North America Provision Contractors - -

Contractor for Home Encampments Bank of England', for Bills of Exchange -

Sundry Warrants for extraordinary Services Contractor for Home Encampments Contractor, for remitting Money to America 31 Days Subfilience of Forces at Home, to 24th August 1780 ——

31 Days Subfilience of Militia, to 24th Afiguft 1780 -61 Days Stoppages from Subsistence of Forces Abroad, to D° -

George Leonard, for Services in America -Sundry Warrants for extraordinary Services Bills of Exchange, drawn by the Deputy Paymaster in the West Indies ——

Subsidies to Foreign Princes - -

Remittance and other Contractors -Sundry Warrants for extraordinary Services -Warrants for Militia Cloathing -

Sundry Provision Contractors - -

Sundry Warrants for Extraordinaries 61 Days Subsistence of British Forces in North Ame rica, to 23d February 1781 -D° - - - liejjians, .-

D® - - - Regiment of IValdeck, -

D° - - - Forces in the West Indies,

D° - - - Forces at Minorca,

30 Days, Subsistence of the Forces at Home, to 23d September 1780

D* - - Militia, - - to D®

Warrants to Contractors 6 Months Pay of Garrisons in Great Britain, to 24th June 1780

6 Months Allowance of Fire and Candle for D\ to D° -Poundage from the Pay of the Infantry, 6 Months, to D® -

Sundry Warrants for extraordinary Services Bank of England, for Bills of Exchange -Pay of Hanoverians Warrant for extraordinary Services

31 Days Subsistence of Forces at Home, to 24th

lober 1780 ——

31 D* - - of Militia, - to D* -

61 Days Stoppages from Pay of Forces Abroad, to D® -Contractors for Home Encampment.

Bills drawn by the Deputy Paymaster in the West Indies Upon Account of Subsistence of an Augmentation to Lieutenant Colonel Fullarton's and llumberjion's Corps ——

Sundry Warrants for extraordinary Services Remittance, and other Contractors -30 Days Subfilience of Forces at Home, to 23d November 1780 ——

De - - - of Militia,- - to D®

122 Days D* of 4th, 5th, and 49th Regiments, to 24th October 1780

153 Days Pay of 85th Regiment, to 24th October 1780 358 Days D® of Isle of Man Corps, to D® -On Account of Subsistence of97th Regiment

60 Days Subsistence of British Forces in America, to

24th April 1781

llejfians - - to D®

Regiment of Waldeck to D® Troops in the West Indies, to D® Garrison of Minorca, - to D®

61 Days D® of Troops in Jamaica, to 24th December 1780

D®

D®

D®

D®

Subsidies to Foreign Princes

Remittance Contractors - -

D®.....-

Towards 3 Months Subsistence, in Advance, to 3 Regiments

73>596 10 3 45»396 17 8

45.1* 9 11

32,604 10 —

7*947 7 1 2,121 — 5

1,052 16 5

9,641 13 10

2,937 11 io£j

79*55* *5 6 43*947 5 —

13,987 16 8

1,761 2 6

25.336 4 3

aa m, W

7,806 6 1

74,859 14 — 45,490 19 — 48,500 ——

1,000 — —

79,682 16 10 45,023 10 —

8,341 15 —

4,692 ——

3,076 11 -1,000 — —

22,450 8 6

25*455 13 4

3 5 10 5 9,483 12 8

2,915 10 6

16,439 —

25,986 4 7

1781,

Extraordinaries.

1918 8 2 n

2°7>92I 15 J: 50,000 4>5°o

43.824,

*7.297 16 o *.300 — 5°>oooo — . __

2,000 — . 8°>939 2 9

11,185 *7 4

104,500 ——

46.472 7 64

11,6x8 i74 I*

364.707 5 -

53.627 7

1,651 7 —

33,619 — g

*5*75 — 3

4,500 — — 10,672 6 4

6,032

138,291

3

8

9

5,95 V 10 «i|

238,108 16 6 11,891 3 6

31 Day#

aa Geo. III.

28° Novembris.

58t

Date of the Issue.

1780.

27th

28 th D\

igth D®. 30th D®. 8th D«T. 15th D°. 14 th D\ *2d D" Dr

i78t.

lath Jan".

16th D®. 18th D\ D®

*oth D®. 8th Feb. 13 th D".

22(1 D®.

23d March.

V

24th D\ ou. 38.

31 Days Subsidence of the Forces at Dome, to 24th December 1780 ——

D® - - Militia - - to D®

183 Days Nett Off-reckonings of the Forces, to D®

To complete Subsidence, in Advance, to 3 Regiments 61 Days Stoppages from Pay of Troops Abroad, to 24th December 1780 ——

365 Days Clearings of sundry Regiments, to 24th December 1779 ——

D® - - - of Militia - - to D

Sundry Warrants for Extraordinary Services Subsidies to Foreign Princes -Remittance and Provision Contractors Provision Contractors - -

Bills drawn from, the West Indies

Bank of England, for Bills of Exchange D® - - - .-

Provision and Remittance Contractors Chtifea Hospital, Half a Year, due at Christmas 1780 -

30 Days Subsidence of Forces at Home, 10.23d January 1781- - -

D® - - - of Militia - to D®

61 Days D® of British Forces in North America, to 24th June 1781 - -

D® - - of the Forces in the West Indies, to D® -91 Days Subsidence, sundry Corps, to 25th March 1781 61 Days Subsidence of Ilejfians, to 24th June 1781 D® Troops of to D® -

D® Troops of IValdeck, to D° -

Contractor for Home Encampments - -

Sundry Warrants for Extraordinary Services

Remittance Contractors ——

D®....

Subsidence in Advance to 10 Independent Companies 31 Days Subsidence to the Forces at Home, to 23d February 1781 - -

31 Days D® - - of Militia - - to D®

61 Days Stoppages from Pay of the Forces Abroad, to D® Six Months Subsidence id Battalion 73d Foot, to 24th December 1781- -

183 Days Half Pay, to 24th December 1780, in Part Bank of England, for Bills of Exchange -Two Months Subsidence, in Advance, to 3 Regiments, to 24th Hay 1781 ——

61 Days Pay of Hanoverians -In full of 183 Days Half Pay, to 24th December 1780 -

In Part of 30 Days Subsidence of the Forces at Home, to 25th March 1781 -

30 Days - D® - Militia - to D® 61 Days D® British Forces in America, to 24th August 1781 61 Days D® of the Forces in the West Indies, to D®

61 Days D® of Ilejfians - - - to D®

61 Days D® of Anfpach Troops - - to D*

61 Days D® of Troops of Waldeck - to D®

In full of 30 Days Subsidence of the Forces at Home, to 25th March 1781 - -

30 Days - D® - - of D®, to 24th April 81 -

Subsidence of sundry Independent Companies 30 Days Subsidence of Militia, to 24th April 1781 ' -

60 Days Stoppages from the Pay of the Forces Abroad, to 24th April 1781 - -

Deduction of id. per Day per Man, from the Pay of the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, for 183 Days, to 24th December 1780 -

Poundage of the Infantry, from 25th June to 24th December 1780 - -

366 Days Pay of the General and Staff Officers in Great Britain, to 24th Decemberj 780 -

Sundry Remittance and Provision Contractors

Voted Service*. . Extraordinarie*.

75>°37 4 *«

45,747 *3 2

149,704 18 it

2,586 3 H

48,187 18 —

31,617 3 7

24,627 17 7

wm 4* m

57,922 10 iof

57*433 18 9*

95,121 18 44,176

44,657

*3,93 8 5,068

23,5°8 2,648 1,052

" 1-1

16 8

6 10

*3 2

—— 11

7 8

16 5

180,368 it 6

621,702 7 4 21,964 2 —

6,375 5 — 18,19* 1 7f

48,901 17 7

XI5>a47 11 $

3,334,289 16 — i

4,336,961 1* H

50° ——

73,499

45,887

4«,787

7>74°

34,95*

6,796

7,806

6,804

5 6 4 8 18 —

18 —

*7 4l

6

16 iof

60,683 6 44,482 10

*7»003 5

7,938 6 23,508 — 2,648 7

1,052 16

1

10

11

8

5

24,889 3 9 72,788 — 3

850 ——

44,484 10 —

44,037 *8 —

32,604 10 — 26,031 18 8

41,160 16 5

4,207 34 608

t t

3 iof

468,028 4 9

75,000 -e —

39,623 a &

565,866 19 — Bank

'Fifth Report of Commit* sioners of Public Accounts.

Fifth Report of Commissioners of Public, Accounts.

X>ate of the IJTuc.

1781. 44 th March. 27 th D*.

29th D°. 31st D°. 6th April. 12th D°. 19th D°.

28;th April. 9th May.

nth D°.

14th D*.

28 0 Novemhris. 1781.

Bank of England, for B ills of Exchange -Stijbfidies to Foreign Princes ----- Arrears c>f Pay to Hcjjian Troops in 1779 and 1780 -

Sundry Warrants for extraordinary Expences -

Bilk of Exchange ....

Sundry Provision Contractors - -

Warrants of extraordinary Services -

Provision Contractor ——

30 DaysSubsistenceof Forces atHome, to 2 4th May 1781 30 Days D® Militia - - - to D®

61 Days D* British Forces\nA?nerica, io2^thOBoberij^ 1 61 Days D° Forces in the West Indies, to D® -6t Days D® Hessians, - - to D° -

61 Days D° Troops of Anjftach, - to D° -61 Days D® Troops of Waldeck, - to D° -

Subsistence of the Troops at Goree, for 9 Months Sub tidies to Foreign Princes" -61 Days Pay of Hanoverians - -

Bank of England, -for Bills of Exchange Sundry Provision Contractors - -

l^ank of England, for Bills of Exchange -Sundry Warrants for Extraordinary Services

Voted Services. Extraordinaries.

36,45* I 10I

62,293 9 3

120,000

- 342,592 11 g

- 1,825 8 9*

- 36,395 i4_ 3

- 64/ 10 —

- - 2,326 5 7

88.375 5 5

44,484 10 —

27,893 17 1

7,938 6 10

23,508 — 11.

2,648 7 8; ' r *

1,052 16 5

672 8 '

23,322 2 2:

7,806 6

m - A 35,062 1$ I0|

" " " ' ' 2 >0,733 4

- - - 12,785 11 n $

- 87,186 18 3

1,089,931 17 4 1,401,523 7 lot

N* 2.

The Examination of Mr John Hughfon\ taken upon Oath, the 12th'of June 1781-

This Examinant foith, That he is Clerk of the Debentures, in the Office of the Auditor of the Exchequer; and has been near Twenty-five Years in the Office.

The first Knowledge the Auditor of the Exchequer fcas of the Grants of Parliament for the Service of the Army, is by the Votes of the House of Commons; he is bound to take Notice of these Grants, and not to issue more than the Sums granted.

The King's Sign Manual, the Treasury Warrant, and the Order from the Auditor, gives the Paymaster a Credit in the Exchequer for the Sum mentioned in the Order; this Sum is issued to him, either in the Whole or in Parts, in pursuance of-Letters from a Secretary of the Treasury until the whole is exhausted. These Sums are entered upon the Order, as they are paid, which is one Mode of keeping the Accounts of these Payments in the Auditor's Office: The Sums mentioned in these Orders are usually round Sums, without Fractions; and when there remains in the Exchequer a Fraction only of the entire Sum voted for the Service of the Army for that Year, or whenever the last Issue is to be made, instead of a Sign Manual for that Remainder, a Privy Seal is sent to the Auditor for the Payment of it to the Paymaster, taking Notice of the Sum Total that had been directed to be issued by the former Signs Manual and Warrants, and that fticfti Sum Total, together with the Sum remaining, will satisfy the whole Sum granted by Parliament that Year for the said Services.

After an Order is completed, it is indorsed by the Paymaster or his Deputy, and remains with that Teller who pays the last Sum, as a Voucher for the Payments.

The Auditor is bound to direct the Tellers to pay the Sums mentioned in the Warrants, provided they do not exceed the Sums granted by Parliament.

John Hughfon.

Guy Carlefon,

T. Angujh,

A. Pigott,

Richard Neave,

Samuel Beachcrofl,

Geo. Drummond.

n*3.

The Examination of Richard Molesworth, Esquire, taken upon Oath, the 1 ith of June 1781.

This Examinant faith. That he was Deputy Paymaster in North America, during the Years 1776, 1777, and 1778, the greatest Part of which Time he was in Rhode Island. Whenever he apprehended that he should want Money for the Service of the Troops, he applied to the Commanding Officer of the Corps, and settled with him the Sum that would probably be wanted, and in consequence of his Approbation, he required that Sum from the Agent of the Remitters, who ftipplied him with it in Cash.

It is the Duty of the Deputy Paymaster, not to issue any of this Money, but by Warrant of the Commander in Chief, or Commanding Officer of a detached Corps; the Person entitled to receive any Sum for the Service of the Army, brings this Warrant to the Deputy Paymaster, directed to him, and specifying the Sum to be paid, to whom, and for what Service, or upon Account; upon Payment of this Sum, the Person receiving it in-dorfes the Warrant, and leaves it with the Deputy Paymaster, and gives him also Three Receipts for the Money, of the same Tenor and Date, least any of them should be loft;the Warrant so indorsed, or the Warrant and a Receipt, are the Vouchers for this Payment. One of these Receipts he transmits to the Paymaster General, with an Account of his Receipts and Payments, signed by himself; he keeps the Warrant in his Possession, if it be for an Extraordinary Service, until it is called for, upon passing the Accounts before the Auditor of the Imprest; if it be for the Pay of a Regiment, it becomes useless, after the Account of that Regiment is settled.

He himself always paid these Warrants in Cash, and not by Drafts; but if he had been in the same Place . with the Agent to the Remitters, he could have paid them, and, in his Opinion, with more Convenience, by Drafts upon the Agent.

R,{ Molesworth.

T. Angvish,

A. Piggott,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

n>

22 Geo. III. 28* Novem. 583

N* 4.

The Examination of the Right honourable Richard Right), Paymaster General of the Forces; taken upon Oath, 27th June 1781.

This Examinant faith, The Sum of Four hundred forty-seven thousand One hundred fifty-three Pounds Eleven Shillings and Three Pence Three Farthings, mentioned in the Return made by him to this Board, on the 28th of November last, is, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, the whole Balance of Public Money then remaining in Ins Hands as Paymalier General of the Forces. This Balance does not include the Money in the Hands of the Deputy Paymasters Abroad; it does include the Balances in the Hands of the Cashier of Half Pay, and the Deputy Treasurer of C helfea Hospital. This Balance is liable, in his Hands, to every Army Service whatever. He is of Opinion, the whole Sum voted every Year for the Service of the Army, mud necessarily go through the Paymalier General's Hands.

He does not recoiled! any Instance where the Treasury have made any Objection to his Applications to them for Money, nor has he ever been called upon officially by them to give them a State of the Balance in his Hands.

He considers the Books of the Office, as the private Property of the Paymaster, who may if he phases, on his Resignation, take them froip the Office; it has been, as he is informed, the general Practice'of his Predecessors to take them away as soon as their Accounts were made up.

Richd Right/,

Guy Carleton,

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Ric/A Neave,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 5.

The Examination of John , Esquire, Cashier

in the Office of the Paymaster General of the Forces; taken upon Oath, the 26th and 29th of June, and x ith of July, 1781.

Th is Examinant faith. That when it wastheUfage of the Office for the Paymaster to ask of the Treasury for a certain Portion of the Year's Supply, it was generally applied for by him under the Head of Sobfiiience ami Pay of the Forces at Home and Abroad. Since the Year 1759, the Sums have generally been asked of the Treasury under some special Head of Service.

The Paymaster receives Money from Sub-Account-^ants, in consequence of their Accounts having been settled by the Auditor, and Balances appearing to be due from them; these Sub-Accountants bring to the Pay Office the King's Warrant, directing them to pay the Sum therein mentioned to the Paymaster General; who, upon receiving it, carries the Amount to the Credit of the Public in the King's Account Current.

When the Paymaster is to receive Money at the Exchequer, he does not receive it either in Caih or Bills; but, as he keeps his Calli in the Bank, the Bank Clerk, who attends there, receives it, and gives the Paymaster Credit for it.

The Custom has been, ever since he has been in the Office, for the Paymaster to make all his Payments by Drafts on his Banker, signed by his Cashier, very rarely by himself, and then only in the Absence of his Cashier.

The Savings voted in Aid of the Supply for the Year . S780, arising from Stoppages for Provisions, the Charge , ol New Levies, Pensions of Officers Widows, and Subsistence of an Augmentation to sundry Regiments, were never directed into the Hands of the Paymaster , - Yol. 38.

General, out of the Exchequer, for those Services; but Fifth Report directed, received, and ifftied, for other Services. The ^nwT'of1*' Sum of Ten thousand Pounds out of the Savings of the pv, bijC Half Pay of reduced Officers, voted in Aid of the same Account?. Supply, was Money actually in the Hands of the Paymaster General, received for that Service.

The Secretary at W'ar requires every Year, from the Paymaster General, an Account of the Savings arising by Deathifand Promotions of Half Pay Officers, Part of which Savings is applied to Payment of Persons on the Compassionate Lift, who are the Widow's of Officers on Half Pay, and the Children of Officers.

No Account can be produced of the Heads of which the Balance in the Hands of the Paymaster General consists, without comparing the Vote of Parliament every Year, for every Head of Service, with the Application; which has never be n thought necessary to be done, and would employ many Clerks fora long Time.

'Fhe Accountant is the Officer to make up the Accounts of the Paymaster General; the only Account he himself has been principally engaged in making up, is that of Lord Holland's, which is not yet completed.

When One Year of an Account is sett led, the Balance is carried over to the succeeding Year; and upon settling the final Account, is paid either to the Paymaster General for the Time being, or into the Exchequer, as the King shall direct.

He does not believe that there remains in the Hands of the Pa matter General any Money upon Account of *

the Pay of the Irish Regiments; their Accounts being all settled and adj lifted to the 24th of December 1778.

The Pay Office has been examined, in consequence of his Directions, and no Books or Papers, relative to the Accounts of Henry F.arl of Lincoln, late Paymaster General of the Forces, are to be found there.

Those Regiments, which used to be paid in Part by the Treasury of Ireland, have, ever since December 1778, been voted and paid by Great Britain.

No Sum was issued from the Pay Office to th®

Paymaster of the Widows Pensions, during the Year 1780, as he had sufficient in his Hands to carry on that

Service. Guy Carleton, T. Anguish, A. Piggott, Rich4 Neave, Sam1 Beachcroft, Geo. Drummond. J/19 Pozvell.

1 - N# 6.

The Examination of Charles Esquir#,

Accountant in the Office of the Paymaster General of the Forces; taken upon Oath upon several Days, from the 16th of May to the 13th July 1781.

This Examinant faith. That he has been Accountant to the Paymaster General of the Forces from March 1776, and in the Pay Office above Twenty Years.

The Secretary at War, about the Time of his delivering to thelloufe of Commons the Army Estima.tes, fends Copies of them to the Pay Office: After the Sums are voted upon these Estimates, which are for the Ordinary Services of the Army, the Pay Office receives from the Lords of the Treasury the King's Sign Manual, directing them to ifi'ue, or cause to he issued, out of the Exchequer, to the Paymaster General, aSum therein mentioned (in Time of War usually a Million) together with the Treasury Warrant, and the Order of the Auditor of the Exchequer made in pursuance of the Sign Manual; these ThreeInstruments, after being entered in the Pay Office, are sent /rom thence to, and left at the Exchequer.

7K When

584 28 9 Novembris. A. 178 r.

ReP^rt When any Part of this Money is wanted, the Pay- the Secretary's Office at the Hospital, to the Pay Office, fionm of ma^ter General presents a Memorial to the Treasury, specifying the Sum w'anted; the Paymaster General Public specifying the Sum required, and for what Service. In then applies for it to the Treasury, and soon after the Account*, consequence of this Memorial, the Treasury direct a Receipt, generally pays the whole Sum to the Deputy Letter to the Auditor of the Exchequer, desiring him Treasurer; whose Accounts are examined every Year to issue to the Paymaster General, upon the unsatisfied in the Office of the Auditor of the Imprest, from Order, the Sum required, and specifying out of what whence he obtains a Certificate of the Sums allowed by Fund, and for what Service: This Letter, after being the Auditor to have been paid by him; the Amount entered in the Pay Office, is carried to the Exchequer, of which Certificate the Paymaster General takes Credit where the Deputy Auditor writes, at the Bottom of the for in his public Accounts of each Year.

Order above mentioned, a Direction to the Teller or These Two Heads exhaust a great Part of the Tellers, to pay the Sum out of a Fund or Funds men- Poundage; the Residue is exhausted by Payments to the tioned; the Order is carried to the Office of the Pells, Secretary at War, Commissary General of the Musters, where the Sum to be issued is recorded, and an Entry of and his Deputies, the Deputy Paymasters, and for it made upon the Order; which being produced to the other Services to which fliis Fund is applicable; which Teller, he pays the Sum (deducting the Exchequer . Payments are made by the Paymaster General out of Fees) the Deputy Paymaster giving him a Receipt for Cash in his Hands, without special Application for it to the entire Sum; and the Bank Clerk attending the re, the Treasury, more having been a Iked of the Treasury, enters to the Credit of the Paymaster General, in his under some other Heads of Service, than has been Bank Book, this Sum (the Exchequer Fees deduced.) issued for those particular Services.

After the Estimates are voted, the Establishments Secondly. The Hospital, or One Day's Pay, is are made out at the War Office, aftd being signed by directed by the King's Warrant to be applied towards the King, and counterfigoed by Three Lords of the the Support of Chelsea Hospital; but this Day's Pay Treasury, are transmitted to the Pay Office, with the not being sufficient for that Rurpoie, and the Poundage Regulation of the Subsistence and Warrants for the being directed in Part to be applied to the same Service, Deductions annexed. this Day's Pay is afkedfor, blended, and issued, with

The Gross Sum for a Regiment consists of Five so much of the Poundage as is applied for the Use of Pafts. ift. The Full Pay of the Commissioned and the Hospital.

Non-commissioned Officers and Privates, zd. The Thirdly. The Subsistence is regulated by the King,

Allowance to Widows. 3d. The Allowance to the for the immediate and constant Support of the Forces. Colonel, and for Clothing loft by Deserters. 4th. The A Month's Subsistence for the Forces at Home, Allowance to the Captains for Recruiting, &c. 5th. according to their full Establishment, is asked by the The Allowance to the Agent, Paymaster General every Month, in Advance; and.

From this Gross Sum, except in some particular upon his Receipt of it from the Exchequer, he pays Cafes, Two Deductions are made by virtue of the King's the whole Subsistence to the Agents of the respective Warrant; Twelve Pence in the Pound, called Poundage; Regiments: But on asking under the Head of Sub-and One Day's Pay of the whole Establishment, for fistence, the Paymaster General does not confine hkr.self the Service of Chelsea Hospital. merely to the Sum requisite for that Service; knowing The Cafes exempt from the Poundage and Hospital he shall want Money to pay Exchequer Fees, and are, in each Troop of Horse Guards, Four Shillings a several other Expencesfor which no specific Application Day, being the Pay of One private Gentleman, as a is made to the Treasury, it has been the Practice of the Fund for superannuated Men; in the Dragoon Guards Office to add to the Subsistence applied for. Sums to and Dragoons, Three Pence a Day, being an Addition answer such other Purposes, and to ask for those Sums to the Pay of the Serjeants, Corporals, Trumpeters, together with, and under the Head of Subsistence. and private Men; in the Foot Guards, Four Pence a Two Months Subsistence to the Forces at;

Day, being Part of the Pay of the Serjeant, and Two according to the full Establishment, is a Iked, and the -Pence a Day, Part of the Pay of the Corporal. In the Whole is issued. Two Months in Advance, to their Invalids, all the Pay, except that of the Commissioned respective Agents.

Officers. The Subsistence of the British Forces, according to

The Full Pay of the Commissioned Officers is divided their full Establishment, in all the other Parts of the into. The Subsistence, The Poundage, The Hospital, West Indies and North America, is divided into Three and The Arrears, called Clearings. The Full Pay of the Parts; the First is a Stoppage, directed by the Secretary Non-commissioned Officers and private Men is divided at War, of a certain Sum, confiding of the whole into, The Subsistence, The Poundage, The Hospital, Subsistence of such Officers as chuse to draw for it The Nett Off-reckonings, and The Agency. upon their Agents, and of a Sum to carry on the

First. The Poundage is made applicable, by the Recruiting Service, and the Allowance to the Agent; King's Warrant, to the following Purposes: To the Pay- this Sum is asked of the Treasury every Two Months, ment of the Exchequer Fees for the Money received; and the Whole issued to the Agents. The Second Part to the Support of Chelsea Hospital; to the Payment of is a Stoppage, directed also by the Secretary at War, the Charges of the Office of the Paymaster General; out of the Subsistence of the Non-commissioned Officers and the Remainder to such Uses, relating to his Service, and private Men, of Two Pence Halfpenny per Day as the King, by His Sign Manual, shall direct. It is each, towards answering the Expence of a Ration of asked of the Treasury, under the Two following Heads. Provisions allowed them Abroad; a Sum arising from 1 Jt. Returned Poundage; which is the Poundage so many of these Stoppages as are equal in Number to deduced from the Full Pay of the effective private the Rations actually received by the Troops, is left in Men of the Foot Guards and marching Regiments, the Exchequer, and the Paymaster General, having and ordered to be paid back to them by the King's taken Credit for the full Subsistence of which these Warrant: This Warrant is sent, about every Six Months, Stoppages make a Part, gives Credit for them to the from the War Office to the Pay Office, and specifies Public, from Time to Time, in his Account of Ex-what Sums are to be paid for this Purpose, and to what traordinaries: The Remainder of these Stoppages falls Agents; upon Receipt of this Warrant, thg Paymaster into the Clearings, and is asked and received by the General applies to the Treasury, and pays to the Paymaster General under that Head of Service. Agents, soon after he receives it, the whole Sum The Subsistence of the Garrisons of Gibraltar and included in the Warrant. Minorca are subject to the First of these Stoppages,

idly. Chelsea Hospital. When Twelve Months but not to the Second, are due, a Requisition is sent, every Six Months, from The Third Part, being the Residue of this Subsistence,

2 2 Geo. III. 28° Novemhris. 585

fistence, after deducting these Stoppages, is the Sum to any Cash that may have been issued to him from the be paid to them in Catli, to complete their Subsistence. Exchequer, under any other Heads of Service. fionerTof

It is usual to ask this Sum of the Treasury, under the Eighthly. The Allowance to the Colonel, and for pubiic A*. Head of Subsistence, every Two Months, so as to Clothing loft by Deserters, consists of Two Parts, the counts, supply the Contractors, for remitting Six Months in Subsistence of One private Man, which is asked and Advance; after it is received, the Paymaster General issued with the Subsistence, and the Residue falls into issues to these Contractors either the Whole, or so and becomes a Part of the Gross Off-reckonings, much of it as he thinks necessary, from the State of Ninthly. The Allowance to the Captain for Recruit-the Balances in the Hands of his several Deputies, ac- ing, &'c.; and,

cording to the latest Information he has received from Tenthly. The Allowance to the Agent — are asked them; which Balances arise, and increase, from the and issued to the Agents with the Subsistence.

Regiments not being complete. ThisMotiey, not re- The GrofsSum fora Regiment of Militia, consists of, mitted to the Deputies Abroad, is applied by the Pay* The Pay of the Commissioned Officers, The Subsistence matter General towards the Payment of Services for of the Non-commissioned Officers and private Men, and, which he does not ask a Supply from the Treasury. Allowance to the Agents. The Pay of the Commis-When Money is issued to the Contractor, he gives fioned Officers is made subject, by the King's Warrant,

Bills upon his Agents Abroad, payable usually at Three to the Poundage and Hospital. This Pay, and also Months after Date; which Bills are sent by the Pay the Subsistence of the whole Regiment, the Allowance Office to the Deputy Paymasters Abroad, to be received to the Agent, and the Clearings, are asked of the Trea* of these Agents. fury, issued to the Agents, and applied in like Manner,

The Subsistence of the Non-commissioned Officers and at the like Times, as in the same of the Regulars and Privates in Africa, deducting a Stoppage of Two serving at Home. The Clothing of the Militia is voted

Pence Halfpenny a Man per Day, for Wine, is asked separate from the Pay. The Warrants for the Clothing when wanted, and the whole Sum received is paid to of each Regiment are made out at the War Office, the Contractor for remitting. ' signed by the Secretary at War, and delivered to the fe-

The Subsistence of the Forces in the East Indies, ac- veral Agents; they carry them to be countersigned by cording to their full Establishment, is asked when the the Lords of the Treasury, who-direct Money for the Secretary at War directs, usually every Six Months, so Payment of them into the Hands of the Paymaster Ge-as to keep it Twelve Months in Advance; the Whole, neral, at such Times as they think proper; after which, when received, is issued to the Agents. upon Production of the Warrants by the Agents, the

A Sum for Subsistence, is sometimes issued upon Ac- full Sums are paid to them. No Sums are voted for the count. Upon railing a new Corps, the Secretary at Contingencies of the Militia, but they are carried to War fends a Direction to the Paymaster General, fig- the Account of Extraordinaries, uifying His Majesty's Pleasure, that he Ihouldiffue to The Gross Sum for a Regiment, and for an Inde* the Agent of that Corps, acertain Sum on Account pendent Company of Invalids, consists of the Pay of the of Subsistence: Upon Receipt of that Sum from the Commissioned Officers and the Subsistence of the Non-Exchequer he pays the Whole of it to the Agent. commissioned Officers and private Men; of the Cloth-Fourthly. The Nett Off-reckonings are thus coming; of the Allowance to the Captain for Medicines; puted: — The Difference between the Full Pay and the of the Allowance to the Agent; and, in the Regi-. Subsistence, of the Non-commissioned Officers and pri- ment, the Allowance to the Colonel, rate Men, constitute the Gross Off-reckonings; from The Pay of the Commissioned Officers is subject to which the Poundage and Hospital (unless exempted) the Poundage and Hospital, and, together with the1 and Agency upon their Full Pay, being deduced, the Subsistence of the whole Regiment, the Allowance to Remainder^ the Nett Off-reckonings; which are ap- the Colonel, the Captain, the Agent, and the (plearings, propriated to the Clothing of the Non-commissioned are asked of the Treasury, issued to the Agents, and'

Officers and Private Men. Six Months of these are applied in like Manner, and at the like Times, as in yfually asked when Fifteen or Sixteen Months are due; the same of the Regulars serving at Home, and the Whole, when received, are paid, after public The Clothing is voted on the Establishment, as efti-Notice is given, to the Persons to whom the Colonels mated by the Secretary at War; the Paymaster Gene-have assigned them, upon their Application, and Pro- ral applies for it to the Treasury every Two Years, and duciion of the Assignment. pays the Whole to the Contractors appointed by him to'

Fifthly. The Agency is issued to the Agent, toge- cloath them, ther with, and as a Part of the Clearings. In regard to the Garrisons in Great Britain, the Se-

Sixthly. The Clearings are made out in the follow- cretary at War fends to the Pay Office, usually every ing Manner: — From the Full Pay of the Regiment, ac- Six Months, a Warrant, directing the Paymaster Gene-cording to the Establishment, are deducted. The Ref- ral to make out a Debenture for the Full Pay of the pites, if any. The Full Poundage, The Hospital, The Garrisons, unless Respites are directed: He fends this Nett Off-reckonings, The Allowance to Widows, and Debenture to the War Office; upon which the King's,

The Subsistence actually paid in Cash and Provisions; Warrant is obtained, and sent to the Pay Office; the the Remainder, being The Agency, The Balance of the total Sum contained in the Debenture, being received'

Full Pay due to the Commissioned Officers, and so much at the Exchequer, is issued to the Agents of the Go- of the Subsistence of the Non-commissioned Officers and vernors, the Poundage, Hospital, and Civil List Duty private Men as has not been issued, constitute the Clear- being deducted.

ings. Twelve Months of these Clearings are usually In regard to the General and Staff Officers in Great issued about Fifteen or Sixteen Months after they are Britain, a Certificate comes from the War Office to the due; after they are received from the Exchequer, and Pay Office, containing the Names of the Officers.' public Notice given, the Whole of them is paid to the Upon a Debenture for the Full Pay of the Officers Agents, upon their Application. named in the Certificate being made out, andaWar-

Seventhly. The Allowance to Widows, is a Fund rant, for Payment obtained, the Paymaster General applicable to the Support of the Widows of Commission- pays either to the Officers themselves, or to their ed Officers: Fie does not recollect that any Sum under Agents, on their Application, the Sums due to theni, re-this Head,-has ever been asked of the Treasury; the serving the Poundage, the Hospital, and Civil List Duty, Paymaster of the Widows Pensions applies from Time from those liable to pay it. In regard to the General to Time to the Paymaster General for a Supply for tlfcis and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Garrisons and Service, who pays to him the Sum he requires, out of Hospitals Abroad, the Paymaster General asks for the Voi. 38. whole

w,

586 2 80 Novembris. A. 1781.

Fifth Report whole Sum voted, and, upon the like Certificate, De- the Office to pay, out of those remaining Sums, the fionwt'of1'* Venture, alld Warrant, lie pays in like Manner, to the Warrants of the Secretary at War, made out for Con-Public Ac- Officers named in the Warrant, the Sums due to them, . tingencies; the Sums voted for this Service being infufi-counts. with the like Reservations; and in these Cafes the Sums ficient for this Purpose, the Warrants for l'o much of the voted are usually more than the Sums contained in the Contingencies as exceed the Sum voted, are sent to the Warrants; and the greatest Part of these Sums and of Treasury, to be countersigned by the Lords, and are the Sums due to the General and Staff Officers at carried to the Account of Extraordinaries. Warrants Home, are paid to Agents. for the Payments of some of the Contingencies of any

After the Sum is voted for the reduced Officers, the one Year, are seldom produced at the Pay Office until Secretary at War fends to the Pay Office the Establish- some Time afterwards. Great Part of the Sum voted for ment, signed by the King, and countersigned by the the Contingencies of the Year 1780, isnot yet expended. Lords of the Treasury, specifying the Names of the the Warrants not being yet produced; and the Account several Officers, and the Sums they are entitled to; when of the Payments out of the Sum voted for the Contin-Six Months are due, the Paymaster General applies for gencies of the Year 1780, will not vary much from that it; and when received, public Notice is given, and of the Year 1778; nor will the Account of the Pay-the Sums paid to the respective Officers, or to their ments out of the Poundage and Hospital, except in Agents, on their Application, deducting Six Pence in the Articles of Returned Poundage, Exchequer Fees, the Pound, directed by His Majesty's Warrant to be and Chelsea Hospital. There are no other Mifcel-applied to the Support of Chelsea Hospital. laneous Heads of Payments kept in the Books of

The Paymaster General opens an Account in his the Office, except those of Contingencies and Extra-"Ledger, with every one of the reduced Officers, inserted ordinaries.

in every Year's Establishment. None of these Ledgers The Extraordinaries of the Army are never asked of are made up; there are many subsisting Claims upon the Treasury by the Paymaster General ;the Person en-every one of them. The Paymaster General receives titled to receive Money for any extraordinary Service, every Year, at Two Periods, the whole Sum voted for brings to the Pay Office a Warrant signed by the Lords this Service, but no separate Account of it is kept iu of the Treasury, specifying the Sum to be paid, the Fertile Books of the Office. son to whom, and for what. Service; which Warrant is

After the Sum is voted for the Out-pensioners of entered at 1 he Pay Office; after which, the Treasury Chelsea Hospital, a Requisition is sent, every Six Months, fends to the Pay Office, at such Times as they think from the Office of the Secretary to the Hospital, to the proper, a Direction to the Auditor of the Exchequer, Fay Office, for Six Months Pay in Advance: the Pay- to issue to the Paymaster General thcSum applied for, master General applies for this Sum, and it is the Prac- specifying the Fund out of which it is to be paid; after tice of the Office to issue the Whole to the Deputy, the the Money is received, he pays it to, or. to the Use of Paymaster General being himself, by virtue of his Of- the Person mentioned in the Warrant, who indorses it; fice, Treasurer of the Hospital. The Deputy Trea- this Warrant is the Voucher for the Paymaster General, surer issues from Time to Time, to the Paymaster of in passing his Accounts'with the Auditor, the Out-pensioners, Sums for that Service; for which The Fund in the Exchequer, out of which the Exti;a-Sums he is an Accountant, and passes his Accounts ordinaries are paid, is compounded of the whole, orfo before the Auditors of the Imprest. much of the Vote of Credit as is directed to be lb ap-

The Charge of the Foreign Troops consists of, the plied by the Lords of the Treasury, and of Sums which Subsidy to the Prince, and the Pay of the Troops. The have been voted for the Ordinary Services of the Army, Subsidy is, paid, without any Deduction, to the Agent and have not been taken out of the Exchequer, those of the Prince, pursuant to a Warrant from the Treasury Services not having come in course of Payment. When obtained by the Agent, and sent to the Paymaster Ge- these Extraordinaries are voted by Parliament, the Sum neral for that Purpose. The Pay of the Troops con- that has been borrowed from the Ordinary Services is fills of the Subsistence, the Arrears of the Officers, and replaced.

a Deduction of Two Pence a Day for Clothing from All the Payments made for Provisions, are carried to the Non-com mi (Honed Officers and private Men. A the Account of Extraordinaries; but Sums having been Warrant is usually made out for a whole Year's full Pay voted for that Service, the Paymaster General deducts without Deductions. The Subsistence of the whole the Sums so voted, out of that Part of the Extraordi na-Oorps, according to the Establishment, is usually asked ries under the Head of Provisions. , '

of the Treasury by the Paymaster General, in like Ever since he has been Accountant in the Office, the Manner as the Subsistence of the lirilish Forces serving Treasury have always directed the Sums applied for by Abroad; and the Whole, or so much of it, is remitted the Paymaster General to be issued to him out of the to the Deputy Paymasters Abroad, as may, from the Exchequer, without making any Objection to them. Balance appearing to be in their Hands, be judged that he kn6ws of.

necessary Jo answer the Demands upon them for that A Deputy Paymaster is appointed by, and account-Service. The Arrears, Deductions, and the Remainder able to the Paymaster General; when be goes out of of the Subsistence, constitute one Fund, for which the Office, his Successor, if he has no Objection, continues Agent to the Prince applies to the Treasury, at such kirn, and lie becomes a Deputy to the Successor from. Times, and for such Sums, as he thinks proper; which the Day of his Appointment.

Applications are referred to the Paymaster General, Every Sum received at any one Time from the Ex-and, upon his Report that the Sums required are due, chequer, for the Ordinary Services, though consisting the Treasury direct into his Hands, either the Whole, of different Parts, asked and directed at different Times, orfo much of it as they think proper to pay, and the and for different Services, is not separated and carried Paymaster General pays to the Agent the whole Sum to the Credit of the respective Heads of Service for so directed into his Hands. which it has been'asked; but is entered in the Calli

Two Sums are every Year voted for Contingencies, Book as One entire Sum, received that Day from the Twenty thousand Pounds for the Establishment at Exchequer, and from thence polled to the Credit of the Home, and Four thousand Pounds for the Establish- King's Account Current in the Ledger; the Receipt of ment Abroad. It has not been the Usage of the Office, the Extraordinaries is entered and polled in the same for some Years, to alk for these Sums of the Treasury Manner. Were such a Separation to be made, it would under the Head of Contingencies; but, the Paymaster much increal'e the Business of the Pay Office, without General having always in his I lands Money arising from any apparent Advantage to the Public.

Sums asked by him for other Services, which do not cx- Separate and distinct Accounts are kept of all the haul't the whole Sums applied for, it is the Practice of Payments, under their proper Heads of Service; but, 16 as

T.

22 Geo. III. 28* Novem587

as it has never been thought hecessary to keep separate and distinct Accounts of the Receipts, it would be very difficult at any Time to give an Account of what Parts the Balance in the Hands of the Paymaster General Consists, and to what. Services each Part is liable; that cannot be done, without making up all the Accounts of the Paymaster General, from the Time he entered into Office to the Date of the Balance, which mull nccelfarily take up much Time, and be attended with great Trouble.

it has been the constant Practice of the Office, ever since lie knew it, to consider the Cadi as One entire Sum, under whatever Heads of Service the Parts it consists of may have been asked. There is only One Calli Account of all the Money received.

All the Payments, of every Kind, made by the Paymaster General, are in consequence of Warrants under the Sign Manual, and countersigned either by the Lords of the Treasury, or Secretary at War: And, where the Warrant is for the Payment of Contingencies* which exceed the Sum voted, it is countersigned by both. Salaries that have a Continuance, are paid by virtue of a permanent Warrant, entered at the Office of the Auditor of the Imprest: In this Cafe, the Receipt for the Salary is the Voucher for the Paymaster General. In general, the Warrant, indorsed by the Person receiving it, is the Voucher. Where many Persons receive under the same Warrant, the separate Receipt of each, with the Warrant, are the Vouchers. For the Payment of Exchequer Fees, the Voucher is a Certificate from the Exchequer of the Sum paid. *

When a Regiment is cleared, the King's Warrant is obtained for the full Pay of that Regiment, unless there is any Respite; this Pay Warrant, indorsed by the Agent, together with the Regimental Account Book, signed by him, and the Receipts for the Off-reckonings, signed by the Person having the Assignment, are the Paymaster General's Vouchers for the Pay of that Regiment. The Voucher for the Payment of an Extraordinary Abroad, is the Warrant of the Commander in Chief, indorsed by the Person to whom the Sum is paid, or his Receipt for it, together with the King's Warrant, covering all such Payments made in One or more Years.

In the Ordinary Services, a Payment made in a Year subsequent to that in which it was voted, is carried to the Account of Payments made in the Year it belougs to, unless the Account of that Year is made up.

A Respite, is a Sum directed by the King's Warrant, countersigned by the Secretary at War, to be deduced out of the whole Pay of a Regiment; in consequence of this Warrant, which is sent to the Pay Oflice, that Sum is not applied for by the Paymaster General, but remains in the Exchequer.

A Warrant for Levy Money is made out by the Secretary at War, who signifies from Time to Time, to the Paymaster General, what Part of it is wanted; upon which, he applies for that Sum to the Treasury, and when received, issues the Whole of it to the Agents of the Regiments.

Distinct Accounts are kept of the Exchequer Fees paid, and also of the Deduction of Twelve Pence in the Pound, Hospital, and Allowance to Widows; it has not been thought necessary to poll up and settle these Accounts, until the Time the Account of the Year is made up in the Auditor's Office. , Adiftinct Account is also kept of the Sum issued upon Imprest to the Paymaster of the Widows Pensions, and of the Payments out of the Deduction of Twelve Pence in the Pound, and One Day's Pay.

The Sums received by the Paymaster General, are either from the Exchequer/ or the Treasury of Ireland,

Vol. 38.

or from Persons whose Accounts have been settled, and who have been directed to pay their Balances into his <;oners of Office. Sums received by him, under this Head, have Public from Time to Time been applied by him in Aid either Account*, of the Army Supplies, or of the Extfaordinaries; and the Balance now remaining in his Hands, on this Account, is Eight thousand Four hundred Sixty-three PoundsTen Shillings and Four Pence.

The Yearly Accounts of the Paymaster General are contained in Two Ledgers, the Full Pay and Half Pay Ledgers; all these Ledgers are kept open until the Paymaster General settles his final Account.

The Accounts of the' Paymaster General, when first sent to the Office of the Auditor of the Imprest, gene-tally contain Payments only, with their Vouchers; they remain there until the Auditor has examined them, and fends his Queries to the Pay Office. The Accounts of the first Three Years and a Half of the present Paymaster General, were sent into the Auditor's Office before Christmas last: No Queries, relative to any of

them, have as yet been received at the Pay Office.

In every Account sent to the Auditor's Office, it is usual for the Paymaster General to charge himself with the Money received by him from the Exchequer, during the Period of that Account, in one gross Sum, authenticated by the Imprest Roll, made out at the Exchequer; and to charge himself with the Money from the Treasury of Ireland, and with the several Sums received from other People; and to futcharge himself with the Gain by Exchange, and with the Poundage, Hospital, and Allowance to Widows. He discharges himself, by Vouchers for all his Payments, ranged under their several Heads of Services.

He is of Opinion, that it would not be expedient for the Paymaster General, upon the Resignation of his Office, to pay over the Balance then in his Hands to his Successor; and that the subsequent Business of the Office should be carried on by him, for the following Reasons:

First. The Paymaster General has his Deputies in various Parts of the World, who are in the constant Receipt of large Sums of Money on his Account j sufficient Time- must be allowed them to adjust and settle their Accounts.

Secondly. The Sums voted for the Army, are issued to the Paymaster General at different Times, and under various Heads of Service; if he was not permitted, after his Resignation, to complete these Services to the Period of the Year his Accounts are carried on; but that Part of those Services is to be paid by him, and Part by his Successor; it would multiply Accounts, and tend to Confusion, and the Army Accounts, at present very intricate, would be more perplexed, and the making out and passing them retarded.

Thirdly. Great Confusion would be occasioned in the Accounts, if Warrants for the Pay of the Garrisons at Home and Abroad, of the General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospital, at Home and Abroad, voted in the Time of One Paymaster, were to be paid by his Successors; and the same would be the Effect respecting the Half Pay voted for the Reduced Officers.

Cha' Bembridge.

Guy Carle ton,

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rickd Neave,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

1L N* 7.

588

i8* Novem,

A. 1781.

fifth Report of Commissioners of Public Accounts.

N* 7.

ACCOUNT of Payments made by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General, out of the Deductions of ia d. per £.and One Day's Pay, for One Year, from the 25th of December 1777 to the 24th

of December 1778, both inclusive.

pates of Warrants.

Tq the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General, for his Pay and Allowances, to 24th of December 1778; viz*.

To his Allowance, at £.3,000 per Annum - - £.3,000 ——

For Under Officers and Clerks - - - - *376° ——

For Contingencies of his Office - - - 600 ——

For his Pay, as Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital - - 365 —

177*-

7«(yi3th.

*779:

January 13 th.

To Lord Barrington, Secretary at War, for his Salary, and for that of his Under Officers and Clerks, to the 15th of December 1778, at £. 1,455 Per Annum - - 1,416188

To Mr. Jenkinson, for 9 Days D°, to 24th December 1778 - 38 1 4

To Lord Barrington, for his additional Allowance, to 15th of

December 1778, at £. 1,000 per Ann. - - - 973 16 9

To Mr Jenkinson, for 9 Days D*, to 24th December 1778 - 26 3 3

To Christopher D'Oyley, Esquire, Commissary General of the Mullers, for 6 Months, to 24th June 1778 - - - 75 — —

To Ditto, for 6 Months, to 24th of December - - - 75 — —

To Ditto, for 365 Days additional Allowance, for Contingencies to Ditto 365 ——

To the Six Deputy Commissaries, for their additional Allowance, for ia Months, to 24th December 17785 viz#

Mr. Overend - - - - 50 ——

Mr. Sadlier - - 50 —

Mr. Miller - 50 — -

Mr. Kerr - - 50 ——

Mr. Bernard - - - -. - - 50 ——

Mr. Stewart - - - - 50 — -

To William Charles Lempriere, as Deputy Commissary of Mullers at Jersey and Guernsey, for 12 Months Allowance, to 24th of December 1778 To the following Deputy Paymasters of the Forces, for their Pay, for 365 Days, to 24th of December 17785 viz*.

Mr. Stoper, at Gibraltar ——

Mr. Digby, at Minorca ——

Mr. Boon, at Montreal - -

Mr. Elwyn, at Louifbourg - - - -....

Mr. Williams, at if ova Scotia ——

Mr. Barrow, at New York ——

Mr. Bembridge, at Quebec, 317 Days, from nth of February to 24th of December 1778 -

Mr. Gamiery at Boston, 280 Days, from 25th December 1777 to 30th September

1778 - - ....

Mr. Molesworth, at Rhode Island, 365 Days, to 24th December 1778 Mr. Thomas, at D*, 203 Days, from 5th of June to D# -

To Timothy Cafwall, Esquire, for 12 Months additional Allowance as Deputy Paymaster General, in Reward for his Care and Fidelity, to D°

To John Pozvell, Esquire, for 12 Months D#, for his Trouble, Care, Diligence, and Fidelity, to D* - -

To New Year's Gifts at the Treasury and Exchequer -

To Returned Poundage of the Foot Guards and Marching Regiments, deduced out of their Pay, from 25th of December 1777 to 24th of June 1778 -

To Ditto, from 25th June to 24th December1778 To Fees at the Exchequer - -- .

To the In-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and for Salaries and Wages of the Officers of the Hospital, and for Tradesmen's Bills, #c. - - \ -

5>725 ——

2,455 ----- *

s*s —

300 — — 50 ——

547 10 " 547 10 — 547. 10 — 547 10 ~ 547 10 — .547 10 —

475 10 —

420 — —

1,095 ——

609 — —

500 ——

270 — — 653 12 8

i7,930 4 4 18,573 5 9 32,557 7 10

28,851 9 7

114,265 10

Amount

22 Geo. III.

28' Novem

5S9

Amount of the Deduction of 12 d.per£.for the Year 1778 £. 102,771 9 8

Amount of the Deduction of Hospital, or One Day's Pay, for D* Year.....: 5>787 >5 9

Overpaid in the Year 1778, more than deduced -Pay Office, 4th 1781.

108,559 5 5

5>7°6 4 9

114,265 10 2

Cha‘ Bern bridge.

N® 8.

O ft

A C C O U NT of the Payments made by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General* for the contingent Expences of His Majesty's Forces, for One Year, from the 25th of December 1777 to the 24th of December 1778, both inchifive.

Dire 1 of Warrant'

1778. Avgufi 17th. October 20th. Nov. 30th.

*779- „ February ift.

25th

12th.

t77?- u

January 25th.

779* March 19th

April 29th.

July j ft.

7*m<?30th.

July 21 ft. June 30th. July 1 ft. August 13th.

f July 29th. September ift.

27th. October 6th. Septembcrioth.

27th. July 8th. November 1 ith.

October 29th. December ift.

23d,

11th. October 20th.

November 3d. September 8th. October27 th. 1780. January 19th 6th.

February 23d. October 22d.

Vol. 38.

MARCHES, Sic.

To the 70th Regiment of Foot, for 5 Months, to 24th May 1778 To the 69th Regiment D®, - - for 12 D®, to 24th 1778

To the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, for 12 Months, to D"

To the 42ft Regiment of Foot, for 12 Months, - - to D®

To the ift Regiment of Dragoons, for 6 Months - - toD°

To the 4th D* - - - for 6 Months, to 24th 1778 -

To the 6th D® - - - for 6 Months, to IP -

To the 7th D° - for 6 Months, to 24th 1778 -

To the nth IP - - - for 6 Months, to D°

To the 3d Regiment of Dragoon Guards, for 12 Months, to D®

To the 50th Regiment of Foot, for 6 Months, to D® -

To the 3d Regiment of Dragoons, for 6 Months, to D* -

To the 31 ft Regiment of Foot, for 18 Months, to 24th December 1778

To the 2d D# - - for 6 Months, to 24th 1778

To the 64th D8 - - for 6 Months, to D* -

To the 2d D8 - - ' for 6 M'onths, to 24th 1778

To the 5id D* for 6 Months, to D° -

To the ift Regiment of Dragoons, for 6 Months, to D° -

To the 4th D° - - for 6 Months, to D°

To the 72d Regiment of Foot - for 6 Months, toD*

To 6th Regiment of Dragoons, - for 6 Months, to D® -To the 3d Regiment of Dragoon Guards, for 6 Months, to D® -To the 28th Regiment of Foot, for 6 Months, to D®

To the 33d D° - - - for 6 Months, to D"

To the 48th D® - - for 6 Months, to D® - -

To the 69th D® - for 6 Months, to D8 -

To the 3d Regiment cf Dragoons, for 6 Months, to IP . -To the 75th, and 8 Independent Companies, from 14th January 1778 to 24th

June - - - - -....

To the 13th Regiment of Foot, for 12 Months, to 24 December 1778 To the 76th D® - - for 12 Mouths, to D®

To the 50th D® - - for 6 Months, to D®

To the iftRegiment of Dragoon Guards, for 6 Months, to 24th December 1778 To the 10th Regiment of Foot, for 6 Months, to 24 th 1778

To the 22d D® To the D®

To the 34th D® To the 57th D® To the 57th D®

for 6 Months, to D® for 6 Months,' to 24th December 1778 for 6 Months, to 24th June 1778 for 6 Months, to D® for 6 Months, to 24th December 1778

To the 16th Regiment of Dragoons, for 12 Months, to D?

To the 18th Regiment of Foot, for 6 Months, to 24th June 1778

To Ditto To the 75th D® To the 58th D® To the 55th D8

for 6Months, to 24th December 1778

for 6 Months, to D®

for 6 Months, to D®

for 6 Months, to 24th June 1778

184 I ft

468 19 7

88 12 9

240 >4 ,

164 4 6

*79 16 3

151 7 4

126 7 —

144 z 6

347 »4 2

189 3 6

132 *9 — -

380 13 —

472 5 4

55 15 6

no 4 5

187 4 10

140 12 6

99 ll 6

274 6 3

135 8 9

97 *9 3

84 .4 3

122 4 3

322 11 4

106 *9 —

hi 12 6

300 6 xo

3°4 8 6

466 I7 — »

227 14 5

387 10 —

92 4 6

85 11 4

52 15 IO

69 18 6

114 10 —

44 - — 7

152 5 6

97 5 3

146 3 6

357 2 6

97 — 6

89 14 10

To

Fifth Rejxtft of Commit* fione'rs of Public Account*.

590

a8* Novembris.

A. 1781.

..Fifth Report of Commis- Dates of Warrants-

fipners of ——

Public Ac* 177q.

couuu*

September 1778. November 1 ith.

1779‘ , January 29th.

1 ft.

March 4th. 15 th. 19 th;

1778. October 30th.

1779-April 13th.

29th.

June 18 th.

April 29th.

1778. March 28 th.

June 27th. October gth. December 31st. July 13th.

1779. February 17th.

1778. July 13th.

_ 1779*

February 17th.

1778.]uly 13th.

*779-January 13 th.

1778. March 20th.

April 7 th.

08ob< r 20th April 2 4t'i.

To the 44th Regiment of Foot, for 6 Months, to 24th June 1778 To the 44th D°, - - - for 6 Months, to 24th December 1778

To the 55th D*, - for 6 Months, to D*

To the 26th D°, - - - for 6 Months, to 24th December 1777

To the 28th D % -To the 26th D®, -To the 33d D°, -

- for 6 Months, to 24th 1778

- for 6 Months, to D*

- for 6 Months, to D®

30th.

To the 41ft, and Independent Companies of Invalids, for 6 Months, to D® To the 56th Regiment of Foot, for 6 Months, to D®

To the 37th D®, - for 6 Months, to D®

To the 7 2d D®, - - for 6 Months, to D®

To the 3d Regiment of Foot Guards, for 12 Months, to 24th December 1778 To the 2d D° - - - for 12 Months, to D®

To the ill D® - - - for 12 Months, to D®

To the 2d Battalion of D®, - - for 12 Months, to D®

To the 46th Regiment of Foot, for 6 Months, to 24th June 1778 To the 64th D® for 6 Months, to D®

To the ill Regiment of Dragoon Guards, for 6 Months, to D®

To the 12th Regiment of Foot, for 6 Months, to D® - - . 7

To the 51st D°, - - for 6 Months, to D®

To the 58th D®, - - for 6 Months, to D®

To the 4 6th D®, - - for 6 Months, to 24th December 1778 -

To the 48th D®, - - for 6 Months, to 24th 1778 -

To the 56th D®, - - for 6 Months, to 24th 1778 -

To the 29th D®, - - for 6 Months, to 24th 1778

To Lord Barrington, for House-rent, as Secretary at W ar,_to 15th of December

1778, at £.aoo per Annum - - - - . - 194 15 4

To Mr. JenkinJ'on, for D®, as D°, 9 Days, to 24th December 1778 5 4 8

ToOne Quarter'sContingencies of the Secretary at War'sOffice, to 24th

1778 ----- -- ..

For One Quarter's D®, - - to 24th 1778 -

For One Quarter's D % - - to 29th September 1778 -

For One Quarter's D®, - - to 24th 1778 -

To Mr. Gould,i % i Days additional Pay as Judge Advocate, to 24th June 1778

To D®, - 183 D®, - - - - . to 24th December

To D®, for Contingencies of his Office, 6 Months, to 24th June 1778

To D®, for - - 1>®, - 6 Months, to 24th December -

To John Gamier, Esquire, Allowance as Deputy Judge Advocate General, to 30th September 1778, at £.200 per Annum - - - 153 14 —

To Mr. Hume, as D®, for 62 Days, to 24th December 1778 - 33 17 7

To Christopher D'Oyley, Esquire, Commissary General, for Postage of Letters, Sic.for 6 Months, to 24th June 1778 ——

To Christopher D'Oyley, Esquire, for Postage of Letters, for6 Months, to 24th

December 1778 -

To Messrs. Bunbury and Boivlby, for 12 Months Contingencies of their Office,

as Comptrollers of the Accounts to the Army, to 24th December 1778 To William Hope Weir, Esquire, as Deputy Commissary of the Mullers in North Britain, for his 2 Deputies, lor 365 Days, to D® -

To the Turnkey of Berwick, for his Pay -

To the Trustees of Fulham Bridge, for the passing and repassing of Horse and Foot Soldiers, from 18th/«ty 1777 to 1779

To the Deputy Provoli Marshal to the Horse and Grenadier Guards, for One Year's Rent of a House to Lady-day 1778 ----- To MelT" Eyre and Strahan, for Paper, Printing, fife. A$* of Parliament, Rules and Orders for the better Government of the Army -

To D®, for the like Service -

To Colonel Wri&hlen, for an additional Salary as Major to the Royal Hospital at Chelsea -

To Mr Jackson, in lieu of the Emolument received by his Predecessor, in

selling Spirituous Liquors, fife.in the Savoy, forOneYear, to Lady-day 1778

To Rent oi'a House, for the Chelsea Board, for 12 Months, to 24th December 1778 ....

26 18 8

46 14 it

5® 11

124 6 2

58 4 1

46 1 9

85 13 9

656 4 5

89 15 4

*95 il

565 iz 8

581

508 6 11

698 6 8

398 11

66 3 3

142 3 4

310 U

60 12 3

21 3 2

66 3 9

80 2 3

126 — 9

101 3 —

158 2 8

200 — —

>5H 1

,509 17 it

1,038 18 7

'»348 12 4

182 T

183 — —

398 6 7

496 17 i*

187 11. 7

22 *5 —

22 *7 6

900 — —

219 — —

20 — —

150 — —

25 — —

243 M 8

3S9 '3

IOO — —

5° — —

100 — —

To

a2 Geo. III.

28' Novembris.

59l

Dates of Warrants. 1778. April 30th. To Rent of Pendennis Castle, for 12 Months, to 5th January 1779 i — 200

August 31st. To Mr. Heathcote, for supplying the Horse Guards with Water for 12 Months, to Midsummer 1778 ----- ----- 20 — —

*779-January 29th. 25th. To Patrick Lindsay, for Poilage of Letters, Stationary, Sic. in the Secretary's Office in North Britain, for 12 Months, to 24th December 1778 To Ensign Anderson, for forwardingDeserters to and from Chester and Ireland, for 12 Months, toD® - To John Birbeck, for his Care and Expence in forwarding Officers, Soldiers, Letters, and Pacquets, between Great Britain and Minorca 49 II 3 59 — 3 40 — —

September ^oth. To William Charles Lempriere, Esquire, Deputy Commissary of Mutters at Jersey and Guervfey, for his additional Pay, for 365 Days, to 24th December 1778 - 6* 17 6

To Captain Joseph Walter, for Fire and Candle for the Gunner's Guard in St. James's Park, for the Year 1778 - - - - j / v 40

n *777* December 13th. To Charlotte Needham, His Majesty's Bounty - - 100 — —

1778. January 12th. To Mary Lee, D® - - - - IOO — - ~

To Mrs. Ann Williamson, D° - 80

16th. To Miss Joyce Forrester, D® ----- ---- To Mrs. Ann Waljh, D® ----- ---- 50 IOO

March 18th. To Mrs. Mary Lyon, D® - -- - - -- 50 IOO — — .

February 28th. To Mrs. Agnew, D® ——

March 18th. To Mrs. Jane Spendlove, D°- - - IOO ——

May 11th. To Mrs. Eleanor Rutherford, D® - - - - IOO

To Mrs. Mary Sparke, D° - - - 100

To Mrs. Sophia Barlow, D° - IOO — —

June 8th. To Mrs. Jane Tonyn, D® - IOO —

August Sth. To Mrs. Dorothea Crump, D® - - loo — —

To Mrs. Margaret Cochrane, D* ----- --- IOO — — .

December 3d. To Mrs. Charlotte Needham, D® - -- -- - IOO — M

31st. To Lieutenant Colonel William Morris, in Consideration of his long and faithful Serrices in the Army, for One Year, to 4th November 1778 100 — —

_ *779-February 17 th. To Moses Corbet, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Jersey, in Consideration of D® in said Bland, for One Year, to 3 ill December 1778 - 100 —

To 12 Months Allowance to Lieutenant Colonel Donellan, a Lunatic, to 10th December 1778 ----- ----- - IOO

£ Pay Office, 4th July 1781. Cha'Bembridge. 24*9*4 *9 8

Fifth Report of Commissioners of Public Accounts.

No. 9.

ACCOUNT of the Balance in the Hands of the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of the Forces, on the 31st of December 1768, and at the End of each succeeding Year, to the 31st of December 1780, — indufive. Prepared Pursuant to a Precept from the Commissioners of Accounts, dated 13th July 1781.

-»-r

Balance in the Hands of the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of the Forces, on the 31st of December 1768

Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto D tto D tto Ditto Ditto

the Hands of D®, on the 31st of 1769

the Hands of D®, on the 31st of December 1770 n the Hands of D®, on the 31st of December 1771 the Hands of D°, on the 31st of December 1772 the Hands of D°, on the 31st of December 1773 n the Hands of D°, on the 3 lit of December 1774 n the Hands of D®, on the 31st of December 1775 the Hands of D®, on the 31st of December 1776 n the Hands of D®, on the 31st of December 1777 n the Hands of D®, on the 31st of December 1778 11 the Hands of D*, on the 31st of December 1779 n the Hands of D®, on the 3 ift of December x 780

Pay Office, Horse Guards, 3d August 1781,

Jn< Powell.

Cha' Bembridge.

r. d.

142,652 8 5

209,589 5 9

345>Q36 4 7

431 »3°3 *5 5

358,399 *5 2

406,364 10 3

481,269 9 3

487,^2 12 6

657»89i *4 11

658,946 *3 10

975»63t 11 6

1,028,284 8 —

948,239 *3 t

Vol. 38.

M

N* 10,

A. 1781

592 28° Novembris.

" ~ ~ j ________________________- ' _ >

Fifth Report ' "

of Commis-

fionen of

Public Account*. N* IO.

ACCOUNT of the Total Sums received and paid by the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, for every Month, from the id of January 1780 to the 31st of Maxj 1781; with the Total of the Balance remaining in his Hands at the End of each Month. Prepared pursuant to a Precept from the Commissioners of Accounts, dated the ift of June 1781.

Year. Months. Received. Paid. Balance.

1779- December, remaining - 1,028,284 8 _

1780. January. - - - 411,322 15 5 4.19,866 17 9 I.019'7 39 5 8

February -March mm 4 241,276 5 916,212 1$ 3 a 264,036 14 .867,974 7 9 1 996,979 16 1,045,218 5 2 3

April m m - 528,568 12 8 684,003 18 2 889,782 19 9

May - «. j i % 5»554 n 8 6 34 >961 9 i,i , 'A* 1 1,150,376 1 6

June - 677,416 14 — 878,455 1 6 949,337 H —

July - - 634»58° 3 7 758»634 13 6 825,283 4 1

August - - - - 773»235 1 7 8.19.934 5 2 778,584 — 6

September - m - 304,903 2 9 341,120 7 1 742,366 16 2

October - - - - ‘ 658,409 5 2 638,391 12 7 762,384 8 9

November - - - 426,318 8 7 778.015 14 11 447,i.r»3 11 3

- December - - - - i>367»274 j9 5 829,722 8 9 948,239 13 1

1781. January - - - 787,211 14 3 900,089 15 11 835,361 11 5

February - m m - 232,573 6 9 205,703 . 5 11 862,231 12 3

March - - i»483»633 2 — 1,180,710 16 11 1,165,153 '7 4

- - April - May - - - 235>639 14 — . 604,637 10 10 796,156 — 6

* m 623,988 3 r* 1 1,018,097 9 1 402,046 14 6

.K..;. ,f

Pay O&ce, Hbrfe Guards, 3d July 1781.

'*..... VI , > Ml < M 1 1

N* 11.

An ACCOUNT of the Sums issued to Henry Earl of Lincoln, late Paymaster General of the Torces, between the 23d of December 1719 and the 24th of June 1720; specifying the Date and Amount of each I flue.

The Sums issued to Henry Earl of Lincoln, late Paymaster General of the Forces, between the 23d of December

17119 and the,24th!0/ Jun$ \ 720 (fjpecifying the Date and Amount of each Issue) amount to thg Sum of Four hundred Seventy-three thousand One hundred Twenty-seven Pounds and Six Pence Farthidg $ viz*

Date of each Issue. Amount of each Issue.

.STenryEarr oCLincoln 29th December 1719 - 200,000

- .1 18th January 50,000 — ~

*'» 1 - 2$th D* - * 19th February - - - -27th D° - - - - -23d March. -ift 1720 - - . 2 2d D° . -3d May - i?th D* ,39,693 12 5 i4>235 5 3 53,928 17 8 39.693( 12; .5 . 11,001 1,11 , 64513' 4 " 39,69312 5. 14,235 ,5.3.;

27th D* - - - - 10,000 — —

A- I ' 473»127

Exchequer, the 27th of Ju 1781.

John Hugljon.

Ordered,

22 Geo. III.

2 8" — 2 f Novembris.

593

Ordered, That such a Niiniber of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

ddr«f« on Mr. Perceval reported from the Committee, ap- King's pointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be pre-Speech. j'ented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Report be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas w'ent forth.

Teller, for ,he Yea,

~ „ c , Xt f Sir William Wake, 7

Tellers for the Noes '\M J 54*

So it wAs resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Perceval accordingly delivered the Report in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty's mbit dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, return Your Majesty the Thanks of this House, for Your most Gracious Speech from the Throne.

We assure Your Majesty, that we fee with Concern, that the War is (till unhappily prolonged by that restless Ambition which first excited our Enemies to commence it; and which (till continues to disappotnt Your Majesty's earned Desire and diligent Exertion tdreliore the Public Tranquillity.

We are sensibly assessed by Your Majesty's Paterrial -Expressions of Concern for the real Welfore of Your Subjects; and we receive with 'the strongest'Emotions of Duty and Gratitude Your Majesty's gracious "and endearing Declaration, that You should not answer the Trust committed to the'Sovereign of a (Vee People, -l»or make a suitabie Return to Your Subjects (br1 their ' constant, ‘zealous, and affectionate Attachment to Yoar Person, Family, and Government, if You consented to 'sacrifice, either to 'Your own *Ddfire of 'Peace,1 or to their temporary Ease and Relief, those'eflferitHd Rights ;and permanent Interests, upoir the Maintenance and -Preservation of which the future Strength and'Secbrity of this Country must ever principally depend.

We declare on our Part, that we know no Means of making to Your Majesty-any Return so suitabie and so just, and of answering the great Trust committed to us by those whom We represent, as bygiving Your Majesty this 'firm Afiarance, that we are resolved to assist and support -Your Majesty to the utmost of our Power, in- maintaining and preserving the essential Rights and povma-Tient Interests of Your Crown- and People.

'The favourable Appearance of Affairs in Indies, and the safe and prosperous Arrival of the numerous Commercial Fleets of Yotir Kingdoms, have given "ua great'Satisfaction :Bot We fmcerdy regret that Your: Majesty's assiduous Endeavours to guard Your extehfiVe Dominions, have hot in all Places been attended wtftfh Success; and we learn with the deepest Concern, that , the Events of War have been very ‘unfortunate to Your Majesty's Arms in Virginia, and have ended in the' LofS of Your Forces in that Province.

We are fully persuaded, that the principal View of the Confederacy of our Enemies, was to foment and ‘maintain the Rebellion in; and, tinder

the specious Delusion of the Establishment of an independent Empire,' to render Your Majesty's Colonies subservient to the Power and Influence of the Crown of France: But Your Majesty may Tely on our steady Assistance to second Your Majesty's Endeavours to defeat the dangerous Designs of our Enemies, equally

Vol. 38.

prejudicial to the real Interests of America and to those of Great Britain.

We will not fail to resume the great and momentous Consideration of the State and Condition of the Dominions and Revenues which this Country possesses in the East Indies; and we trust that, in our Deliberations on those important Matters, we shall proceed with the same Spirit and Temper in which they were begun, and with the same Care and Anxiety to consider how those remote Provinces may be held and governed with the greateftSecurity and Advantage to this Nation, anti by what Means the Happiness of the Native Inhabitants may be belt promoted.

In this arduous Conjuncture, we consider it as onr First Duty to our Country, to grant Your Majesty such Supplies as the Circumstances of Affairs shall be found to require. We cannot but feel that the War 'is burthensome and expensive; but we are convinced, at the same Time, that it is just and necessary; and nothing on our Parts shall be wanting, to give Efficacy and Success to the Valour of Your Majesty's Fleets and Armies; and we dill have a firm Confidence that, by a vigorous, animated, and united Exertion of the Resources and Faculties of the Nation, and of the Spirit of a free People, Your Majesty will be enabled, under the Protection of Divine Providence, to restate the Blessing of a safe and honourable Peace to all Your. Dominions.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House 'doth agree with Hie Committee in the said Address, to be presented to His Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most honourable Pri^y Council, do humbly know His Majesty's Pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech The King1* to both Houses of Parliament, be taken into Collide- Speech to he ration Tomorrow lyiorniqg. , con ere -

': . / M . i £

And then the House adj6tfrno<j till To-motr-^w Morning, Te'n 6f Ihe Clock. . ‘ !

Jo vis, 9* die^ovembris'.

Anno 22® Georgii IIP" Regis, 1781.

PLAYERS.:

TME Lord Hinchbigbriok' reported to* the'House, Time ap-

That His Majesty, 'having been waited ApOn pointed for (pursuant to> *the; Order of; Yesterday) humbly to kndw Addreftf - His Majesty's1 Pleafifre,'he would be pleasedto be 'Attbdded by this House, had been pleated to* appoint to be attended' this Day, -at Three of -the-Clock, -at His ‘Palace oi-Saint James.

The Order of the Daly being read;

The House proceeded to take into Coflsideration The Kin?* -His Majesty's most Gracious Speech'to both Houses Spetch cen-- of Parliament. fidertd.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being mede/That a Supply be granted Supply, to His Majesty;

'Residvcd, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself i nto a Committee <of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

iA Petition

Parton, &c. Road.

Aoswer to Addrefc.

©kehampton

Roads.

594

29* — 30° Novembris. A. 17 S1.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the Counties of Hereford and Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Roads leading from the Willerjley Turnpike Road near Parfoti, in the County of Here-yford, to Monkland Mill, in the said County, and from the Turnpike Road on Fair Mile Field, in the Parish of Stoke Prior, in the said County, to Broad Heath, near Stamford, in the County of Worcester, from the Ford's Bridge to Stockton, and from Kyre Common to the Turnpike Road at Grendon Green, in the County of Hereford, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary CourseofLaw: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening the said Roads, and for keeping the same in Repair, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Ord, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Venerts, 30° die Novembris \

Anno ii* Georgii IIIlii Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker reported to the House, That the House attended His, Majesty Yesterday with their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most Gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I return you My cordial Thanks for this very loyal, dutiful, and affectionate Address. It breathes the Spirit and Firmness of the Representatives of a brave and free People. Nothing could afford Me so much Satisfaction, or tend so effeAnally to the Public. Safety and Welfare in the present Conjuncture.

A Petition of the several Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, iC Ah AA for repairing ieverfcl " Roads leading to the Town of Okehampton, in the H County of Devon," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Act into Execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which now remains due; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money borrowed cannot be paid off, and the Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and some further and other Powers granted: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said I anner as the House shall think proper. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House 16

And it is referred to Mr. Minchin. Sir George Yonge, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Elwes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Iicnry Meier and Herman Diederick Ret berg: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolveid, That the Bill be read a Second Tima

A Petition of Charles De Lact, Esquire, George Btjngi Esquire, William Baker Esquire, and Humphry Sib-thorpe, Esquire, on Behalf of themselves and others, Trustees appointed by and under several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield Chafe,-in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill, in the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Right honourable James Earl of Saiisbury having proposed to the Petitioners, and others the Trustees named and appointed by and under the said Acts of Parliament, to turn and alter aPart of the said Road lying near the Town oi Hatfield, and within the District in the said Acts mentioned; and it appearing to the Petitioners, and the other Trustees at a Meeting held for considering such Proposal, that the said intended Alteration would be equally near and convenient, and lets hilly, for all Persons travelling, than the present Road, the Pe-tioners, together with divers other Trustees aAing under the said Acts, have entered into an Agreement with the said Earl of Saiisbury, for turning and altering the said Road accordingly: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to confirm and carry into Execution the said Agreement so entered into with the said James Earl of Saiisbury, and for turning and altering the said Road in the Manner therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fume, as it shall appear to them, to the House: / {

And it is referred to Mr. Plamer, Mr. Hungerjord, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That whenever several . Petitions, complaining of undue Elcctions and Returns, shall be renewed in this Session of Parliament, and shall be delivered in together at the Table, the said Petitions shall be read in the Order in which they were directed lo be taken into Consideration in the last Session.

And several Petitions being accordingly delivered in . at the Table, the same were read by the Clerk it* the following Order; viz.

A Petition of Samuel Petrie, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That at the late EJeAion for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, Paul Ben fields Esquire, John Mac-pherj'on, Esquire, and the Petitioner* were Candidates; and that previous to, and during and after the Poll, the said Paul Bpifield and John Macpherson, by theni-selves and their Agents, were guilty of many grofsancl notorious AAs of Bribery and Corruption, whereby many of the Voters were influenced to give their Votes for the said Paul Ben field, and John Macpherson; and did, by themselves or their Agents, entertain and allow to the said EleAors, who had a Right to vote in the said EieAion, Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment* or Provision, and by such unlawful Means, and by the Threats and Promises, and divers other corrupt and unwarrantable PraAices and Proceedings* of the

.‘said

Meier's 3rd Retberv's

Na;.

Galley

Corner,

Road.

Elegies

Petitions,

CricKlade

Eicdiou

i 4 Geo. III. 30 6 Notembris59

said Paul Benfield and Johtt Macpher/on, their Agents

and Abettors, they have procured themselves to be pnduly returned to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the said Borough, and of the Commons of and that

the Returning Officer, during the Course of the said Election, admitted many Persons to poll for the said Paul Benfield and John who were not duly

qualified, and rejected the legal Votes of other Persons, who tendered their Votes in Favour of the Petitioner; and that the Petitioner conceives he had a great Majority of the legal and uncorrupted Votes at the said Election, and was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant unto the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition he taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 2 2d Day of next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made iti the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel,' or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Saltaih A Petition of John Bul Esquire, was read; Setting

Licet ion. forth. That at the late Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of , in the County o (Cornwall, the Petitioner, Sir William James, Baronet,

the Right honourable Charles , and Sir Grey

Cooper, Baronet, were Candidates; and that M r. Robert Hickes, the Mayor and Returning Officer for the said Borough, behaved himself with Partiality in Favour of the said Charles Jenkin/on and Sir Grey Cooper, by rejecting the Votes of several Persons, who had an undoubted Right of voting, and who tendered their Votes for the Petitioner and Sir William James and by admitting on the Poll for the said Charles , and

Sir Grey Cooper, the Votes of several Persons who had no Right to vote, and ought to have been rejected; and that thereby a Majority of Votes was improperly received on the Poll for the said Charles Jenkin/on and Sir Grey Cooper, and they were returned as duly elected, to the Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the Electors of the said Borough of Saitash: Aud therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 25th Day of January next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ditto. A Petition of Sir William Lemon, and others, Freeholders within the Borough of Saitash, in the County of Cornwall, on Behalf of themselves and all the other Freeholders within the said Borough, was also read; Setting forth. That at the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Cornzoall, Sir William James, Baronet, John Buller, Esquire, the Right honourable and Sir Grey Cooper, Baronet, were Candidates; and that Mr. Robert Hickes, the Mayor and Returning Officer for the said Borough, took upon himself to reject the Votes of the Petitioners, and all the other Freeholders within the said Borough, who had au undoubted Right of voting at the said Election, and who tendered

Vol. .38.

their Votes for the said Sir William James and John Buller, and admitted on the Poll for the said Charles Jenkin/on and Sir Grey Cooper, the Votes of several Persons who had no Right to vote; and ought to havfe been rejected; and that thereby a Majority of Votes was improperly received on the Poll for the said Charles Jenkin/on and Sir Grey Cooper, and they were returned as duly elected, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners and the said other Freeholders, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the Electors of the said Borough of Saitash: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken Into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts* made in the loth and 11 th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections,

Or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament* the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance* by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of JojhuaMauger, Esquire, on Behalf of Pool* himself and John Adams, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That at the last Election of Members for the Borough and County of the Town of Poole, Joseph Gulfton, Esquire, William Morton Pitt, Esquire, John Adams, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates:, and that the Inhabitants, Householders within the said Borough and County, paying Scotland bearing Lot* have a Right to vote for Members to serve in Parliament; and that a Majority of Persons so qualified, duly tendered their Votes at the Poll in Favour of the Petitioner and the said John Adams, but were rejected by the Returning Officer, whereby a Majority of Votes appeared upon the Poll in Favour of the said Joseph Gulfton and William Morion Pitt, who were accordingly returned, although the Petitioner and the said John Adams were duly elected by a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House, on Behalf of the said John Adams and himself, that they will be pleased to take the Premises into Consideration, and graut them such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 29th Day of January next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of several Persons whose Names are there- Ditto, unto subscribed, being Inhabitants and Householders* and also paying Scotland bearing Lot, within the Borough and County of the Town of Poole, in Behalf of themselves and others, in like Manner Inhabitants and Householders within the same, was also read;

Setting forth. That on the 9th Day of September 1780, the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough came on; and that Gulfton, Esquire, William Morton Pitt, Esquire, joshua Mauger, Esquire, and John Adams, Esquire, were Candidates at the Election; and that Joseph G dr land, Esquire, Sheriff of the said County, and Returning Officer of the said Borough, presided at the said Election, and ffiewed great Partiality in Favour of the Sitting Members; and that the Petitioners, and ma y others, duly qualified, as well by the general Laws and Customs of the Land, as by the particular Constitution of the said Borough, being Inhabitants and Householders

7 N within

1

59^ ‘3 o? Novembfis.A. 1781.

.within the Came, and also paying Scotland bearing Lot, offered to give their Votes in Favour of Monger

and John Adams, Esquires, but were illegally rejetted and prevented by the said , Sheriff, and

Returning Officer; and that the Votesof the Petitioners, and many others in the same Interest, being thus illegally rejected, on calling up the Poll there appeared a Majorit y of Votes in Favour of the said Joseph and William Morton Pitt, whereas the Number of Votes for the said Jo and,

would have far exceeded the Number of those for the said Joseph Gulston and William Morton , had the Petitioners, and many others claiming a Right to vote, not been rejected as above: And therefore praying. That, as their Freedom of Election hath been taken away, and manifefllv violated by the above Measures it fed by the said Sheriff, the House will take the Premises into Confederation, and restore to them and others, in like Manner the Inhabitants and I Ioufeholders within the said Borough and County, their Rights, as Elettors, of chusing their own Members, and give the Petitioners such other Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken.into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the ioth and nth V ears of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent . to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for

their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

jEirkcuJbright A Petition of Peter of , Esquire,

Election, was read; Setting forth. That previous to the daft General Elettion, John Gordon, of Kenmore, Esquire, Colonel Alexander Stewart of Crae, and the Petitioner, severally offered themselves as Candidates to represent the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, in Scotland, in the then ensuing Parliament; and that the said John Gordon and Colonel Alexander Stewarfinding that a very consider-,able Number of the Freeholders of the said Stewartry had resolved to support the Petitioner, did, with a View of disappointing the Petitioner, enter into an illegal and unconllitutional Agreement, whereby it was agreed, between them and their Friends, that the said Colonel Alexander Stewart, and his Friends, should unite with the said John Gordon and his Friends, in endeavouring to procure the said John Gordon to be returned Member for the said Stewartry, at the then ensuing Elettion; in Consideration whereof, the said John Cordon engaged that, in case he should be eletted, he would, at the End of the First Three Years of the Parliament, vacate his Scat, and that thereupon he and his Friends should join with the said Colonel Alexander Stewart and his Friends, in electing the said Colonel for the

Remainder of the Parliament; and that, inConsequence of such Agreement, the said John Gordon alone flood Candidate against the Petitioner at the last General Election; but the Petitioner, notwithstanding such Junction of the Friends of the said John Gordon and Colonel Stewart, was then returned Member for the said Stewartry; and that the said John Gordon having presented a Petition to the House, complaining of the Pet itioner's said Election, the Committee to whom the same was referred, were pleased to resolve, that Nine of the Twelve Votes who tendered for the said Petitioner,

17

and were refused by the'Praefes at the Election, should be added to the Poll; the Consequence of which Resolution was, that the said Jo then had a Majority upon the Roll against the Petitioner: But the said Committee having likewise resolved, that the said John Gordon was guilty of Bribery at the last Elettion. for the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, and was therefore

o 7

incapable of being eletted, they determined that the lait Elettion of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament, for the said Stewartry of , was a

void Election; and that, in Consequence of the above Determination, anew Writ issued to elett a Member for the said Stewartry, and the Petitioner and the said John Gordon again offered themselves as Candidates; and that the Petitioner, being advised that the said John Gordon, having by the said Committee been found guilty of Bribery at the last Elettion, was therefore.rendered incapable of serving in this present Parliament for the said Stewartry, did, at the Meeting of Election, in order that the Freeholders then met for the Purpose of Election, might not pretend Ignorance of the Resolution of the said Committee, publicly read the same to them, and at the same Time informed them, that the said John Gordon was. thereby rendered ineligible for the said Stewartry at any Period of the present Parliament, and more particularly so to supply the then present Vacancy; mid that, notwithstanding such Intimation, the Friends of the said John Gordon and Colonel Alexander,

Hill acting under the Influence of the Agreement entered into by them previous to the former Election, did again unite together, and vote for the said John Gordon, in Opposition to the Petitioner; and that, at the said Election, not only several Persons atting under the Influence of the said Agreement, but also several other Persons having no Right to vote, were admitted to vote for the said John Gordon', and several Freeholders, in the Interest of the Petitioner, were refused to be inrolled, and who, if they had been inrolled, would have voted for Ibe Petitioner; and that, by the Means aforesaid, and by divers other corrupt and illegal Practices, the said John Gordon hath procured himself to be illegally returned for the said Stewartry, in Prejudice to the Petitioner, who was' the only legal Candidate, was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to grant him such Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition'be taken into Consideration upon Friday the lft Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Atts, made in the ioth and nth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for

- their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, ou the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, ;0

That the Commissioners resident in His Majesty's Dock the Dock Yards at Portsmouth, Plymouth, and Chatham, do forth- Yardi, with cause the Clerks ol me i. heque, the Storekeeper,

Malter Shipwright, Clerk of the Survey, Master Attendant, Master Caulker, Clerk of the Rope Yard,

Mailer Ropemaker, Boatswain, Master Maftmaker,

Mailer Boatbuilder, Mailer Sailmaker, and Master Smith, in each Yard, to make out, and lay before them, diflintt Accounts of the Quantities and Value of Timber,

lokhefter

Election.

Supply.

I,

'Ll Geo. III. 3O0 Novembers. ' S97

her, speciTying the different Sorts, Quantities and Value of Hemp, Tar, Pitch, Iron, Sail-cloth, and all other Stores committed to their Care, and used by them, and under their Orders, in building, rebuilding, or Repairs, of any of His Majesty's Ships of War, distinguishing each Ship; and also Accounts of what Sums of Money have been paid to Workmen employed on such Ship, and of the State the shall then be in, or on other Works within each respective Yard, between the 1 ft of October 1780 and the ill of October 1781; which Accounts, the Commissioner resident at each Yard shall immediately lay before this House.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Petition of divers Free Burgesses, being Ele6lors for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, on Behalf of themselves and of Esquire,

was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That at the late Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in the room of Isaac Martin Rebow Martin, Esquire, deceased, ou the 16th Day of October last, Christopher Potter, Esquire, and the said Edmund Affleck, were Candidates; and that the said Christopher Potter, at the Time of the said Election, had not an Estate, Freehold or Copyhold, for his own Life, or any greater Estate in Law or Equity to his own Use, in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, above what would satisfy and clear all Incumbrances, within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, of the annual Value of Three hundred Pounds above Reprizes, 8Cc. he, the said Christopher Potter, was not legally qualified to be elected and returned to serve in Parliament, according to the Requisitions of the Statutes in that same made and provided; and that the said Christopher Potter, and his Agents, did, as well by giving and lending Money, as by promising to give Money and other Rewards to the Voters of the said Boren jh, and by other illegal and corrupt Methods, prevail on many of the Voters for the said Borough, to give their Votes at the said Election for the said Christopher Potter; and that John King, Esquire, Mayor and Returning Officer of the said Borough, during the Course of the said Election, admitted a great Number of illegal Votes on Behalf of the said Christopher Potter, and rejected many legal Votes which were tendered for the said Edmund Affleck, in consequence whereof, and by such corrupt, undue, and illegal Practices on the Part of the said Christopher Potter, the said Christopher Potter has procured a Return in his Favour, although the said Edmund Affleck had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief as shall be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 5th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the loth and 1 ith Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafesj were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel,

« or Agent?, at the Time on which the said . Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to . Vol. 38.

consider of the Motion made Yesterday, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That His Majesty's Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided. *

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, [^^Ord^^' } 172-

TeHers for the Noes The Lord I „

*1 Mr. Frederick Montagu: y 77‘

So it was reCoIved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of Alexander Macleod, Esquire, was deli- Honiton vered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That Election. at the last Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Iloniton, in the County of Devon,

Jacob Wilkinson, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Can-

dictates; and that the said Jacob Wilkinson, by himself and his Agents, wrere guilty of gross Bribery and Corruption, by Means whereof, and other undue Influence of the said Jacob Wilkinson and his Agents, many Persons were induced to poll for the said Jacob Wilkinson, who would otherwise have polled for the Petitioner; and others, who had no Right to vote, were nevertheless permitted to poll for the said Jacob Wilkinson, and.

many Persons who had good Right offered themselves, . but were not permitted to poll for the Petitioner.;, and that many Persons, w ho had Right to vote, were, by Threats of their being turned out of their Employment, bwtjie said Jacob Wilkinson or Iris Agents,' prevailed on arid' compelled to vote for the said Jacob Wilkinson -, and'some.who, notwithstanding such Threats, polled 'for die Petitioner, have ft nee the said Election been discharged, and refused Work and Employment in their Trade and Bnfiness, ;by the Agents and Friends of the said Jacob Wilkinfa^ami who have used Influence to prevent their bpipg.employed by new Matters, in their Trade and Business; and that, by these and other illegal and undue Means, and by the partial Conduct of the Returning Officer, the said Jacob Wilkinson had a Majority appearing on. tfte Poll, and was returned as Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, who had a Majority of good and legal Votes on the Poll, and ought to have been returned for the said Borough: And therelore praying the House to take the.Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief as to the Hioufe shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 8th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the iolh and 1 ith Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent . to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as

shall

Private

Bills*

Lists of Justicm of Peace.

War in the Carnatic*

598 30° Novembris, — 3 *

shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the CIock.

Lunoej 30 die Decembris;

Anno 220 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

ZJENRY Meier and Herman Diederick Retberg took the Oaths appointed in order to their Naturalization.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions for Private Bills after the Seventh Day of February next.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clerk of this House had received several Returns to the Order of the House of the 8th Day of May, in the Iaft Session of Parliament, ‘‘That the Clerks of the Peace, " in all the Counties of Great Britain and Wales, do, " on or before the ill Day of October next, make out " correfit Lists of all Persons whose Names are in the <c Commission of the Peace for their respective Counties, €t distinguishing those who have taken out their Dedimus '* Potefiatem, and transmit the same to the Clerk of this " House 5" and that the said Returns were now upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Returns are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved, That the Reports, which, upon the 27th Day of June in the last Session of Parliament, were made from the Committee of Secrecy appointed to inquire into the causes of the War that now fabfifts in The Carnatic, and of the present Condition of the British Poflessions in those Parts, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Committee of Secrecy be appointed to inquire into the Causes of the War that now subsists in The Carnatic, and of the present Condition of the British Poflessions in those Parts; and to report the same to the House, with their Observations thereupon.

Resolved, That the Number of the said Committee be Fifteen.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the Second Day of May in the last Session of Parliament, of the Names of the Persons who were reported from the Committee, appointed to examine the Lists of Fifteen Persons^ Names, to be the Committee appointed to inquire into the Causes of the War that now subsists in The Carnatic, and of the present Condition of the British Poflessions in those Parts, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly; and the said Names are as followeth; viz.

" Robert Gregory, Esquire,

" Sir Adam Fcrgitjfon, Baronet,

4< The Lord Advocate of Scotland,

" Mr. Secretary at War,

« Richard Jackson, Esquire,

" Mr. Attorney General,

€€ Mr. Solicitor General,

The Right honourable the Lord Lewisham,

44 Thomas Orde, Esquire,

" Archibald Macdonald\ Esquire, u The honourable George Augustus North,

" The honourable Philip Yorke,

Decembris. 1781.

" The honourable Thtmas' de Grey,

K The Right honourable Welbore Ellis,

" Sir George Hoivardi Knight of the Most " honourable Order of the Bath."

The House was also moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the nth Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament, of the Order for adding the Marquis of Graham to the said Committee, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Gregory, Sir Adam Fer-gujjun, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Attorney General, Mr* Solicitor General, the Lord Leivisham, Mr Orde, Mr*. Macdonald, Mr. North, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Ellis, Sir George Howard, and the Marquis of Graham, be the Committee of Secrecy now appointed.

Ordered, That the said Committee, or any Five of them, do meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to inspect the Books and Accounts of the East India Company.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to adjourn from Time to Time, and from Place to Place,. as they shall think fit, and to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time to the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fit during the Sitting, and notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies Army of the last Returns of the several IndependentCoinpames of Foot raised in the Course of the Year 1781.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,

Copies of the Reports of the Officers who inspe6b*d the Independent Companies of Foot raised in the Course of the Year 1781, previous to their being placed upon the Establishment.

Mr. Ord, according ?o Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion made upon Thurs lap last, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered ip at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1782, with an Estimate of the Half-Pay of Officers of the Navy, and such of the Officers of the Marines as were employed in the iall War, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and d ear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1782, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1782, be laid before this House.

20 Ordered,

22 Geo. III. 30 — 4 6 Decemb599

Ordered, That an Estimute of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for I-and Service, for the Year 1782, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of 11 is Majtffy's Land Forces, and of such of the Officers of the Marines as were reduced before tlu* last War, who are to be on Half-Pay, for the YTear 1782, be laid before this Home.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Ont-Pensioners of C 'helj'ea l, for the Year 1782, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of Services incurred, and not provided lor by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, (liewing the Monies aril'en within the respective Half-Years ended at the 5th Day of April 1781, and the loth Day of October 1731, as well of or for the Ex-ctfs or Surplus of the-Fund commonly called The Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excels or Surplus of the I'uud commonly tailed The South Sea Fund, as also of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called The General Fund.

Ref deed, That an humble Address be presented to II is Majesty, that He will be graeioully pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House the said Lftimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty''& most honourable Privy Council.

Newcafll* A Petition of Thomas Delaval, Esquire, was delivered pon TyntJ in at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That at the ®*e'aian‘ last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the

*1 own and County of N upon Tyne, Sir Matthew White Ridley, Baronet, Andrew Bowes, Ef-

quire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the said Andrei0Bobin/on Bowes, and divers other Persons as his Agents, and on his Behalf, were guilty of Bribery, and did, by giving Money and other Rewards, and by Promises of Money and other Rewards; and also by Threats and other unwarrantable Proceedings, prevail upon several Persons to give their Votes ait the said Election for him the said Andrew Bowes, who

otherwise would have voted for the Petitioner, and did thereby also prevail upon several Persons to withhold their Votes at the said Electioo, who otherwise would have voted for the Petitioner, and did also, by himself and his Agents and Managers, after the Teste of- the Writ issued for the said Election, give to divers of the Voters, and Persons claiming to vote. Meat, Drink, and other Entertainment, in order to procare their Votes, at the said Election; and that by those and other . illegal- Practices the said Andrew Robinson Botves hath been unduly elected and: returned as one of the Member* to serve in Parliament) for the said Town,.in Violation of, the Freedom of Ejection, and to- the manifest Injury of the Petitioner, who bad; a Majority of free and legal Voters upon the Poll, over the faief Andrew Robinson Bowes, and was duly elected: And therefore praying, That-the House will take his same into Consideration, apd grant him such Belief in the Premises as to the House shall Teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken intoGOnfi-deration upon Tuesdaythe 12th Day of February next,

at- Three of the Clock in the Aftfemoom Memorandums.

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 1 ith Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as iu former Cafes, were feut to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Peti-

Vol. 38.

tion was ordered to i>e taken into Confide-. ration;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Perfops, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

MartiSy40 die Decembris;

Anno 12* Georgii III*" Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

A BILL for naturalizing Henry Meier and Herman Meier's and Diederick Retberg, was read a Second Time. Retberg* Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes, Nat*

M r. Hartley), See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon; at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Report, which, A<jminife»riou upon the Eighth Day of May, in the last Seftion of Par- b-xT.i‘CC w liament, was made from the Committee to whom the 1 Petition of John Touchet and Johnlro, Agents for the

British Subjects residing in the Provinces of Bengal,

Bahar, and Or if a, and their several Dependencies, whose Names are subscribed to the Petition thereinafter set forth; and also the Petition of Warren Hastings, Esquire,

Governor General, and of Philip Francis and Edward Wheler, Esquires, Counsellors for the Government of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal; and also the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, were severally referred,

might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That so much of His Majesty's most Gracious Speeches to both Houfpsof Parliament, upon the'Eighteenth Day of July, and the Twenty-seventlrDhy of November last, as recommend^ to Parliament the resumiorg the Confederation of the State and Condition of His Majesty's Dominions and Revenues in The East Indies, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to take into Confederation the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa; and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House. with their Observationalthereupon.

The House was moved; That the Entry in the Journal of the House of the Fifteenth Day of February, in the last Session of Parliament, of the Names of the Persons who were reported from tile Committee, appointed to examine the-lulls of Fifteen Persons Names, to be the Committee to whom it was referred to examine the Matters of the Petition of John Touchet and John Agents for the British Subjects residing in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Of if a, and their several Depeil-dencies, whose Names are subscribed to the Petition thereinafter set forth; and also the Petition of Warren HcJimgSi. Esquire, Gbvetbor General, and of Philip -, Francis wad Edward Wheter, Esquires; Counsellors for the Government of the Presidency of Fort William iti Bengal, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly; and the ihid Namea; areas fdloweth; viz,

" Richard Smith, Esquire,

" Charles William Boughton Bbu/e, Eftjuire,

" Robert Gregory, Esquire,

" Thomas Farver, Esquirej " Edmund Burke, Esquire,

7'O'." ftidley

6oo

4° Decembris.

A. 1781.

" Dudley Long, Esquire,

" The honourable John " John Elwes, Esqtiir/,

" George Dempster, Esquire,

" The Right honourable the Lord " William Graves, Esquire,

" Frederick Montagu, Esquire,

" William Pulteness Esquire, " Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet,

" Sir William James, Baronet."

And the House being informed that William Graves, Esquire, one of the said Fifteen Persons, wasdefirousof being excused from serving on the Committee now appointed;

Ordered, That the said remainingFourteen Persons, together with the Lord Viscount William

Morton Pitt, Esquire, William Baker, Esquire, Francis Annejigy, Esquire, and the honourable Thomas Pelham, be the Committee now appointed.

Ordered, That the said Committee, or any Five of them, do meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to adjourn from Time to Time, and from Pkice to Place, as they shall think fit; and to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House.

Ordered, That the several Petitions, Papers, and Accounts, which were referred to the said Committee appointed in the last Session of Parliament, together with the Report made from the said Committee, upon the Eighth Day of May last, be referred to the Committee now appointed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider how the British Possessions in the Eajl Indies may be held and governed with the greatest Security and Advantage to this Country, and by what Means the Happiness of the Native Inhabitants niay be bed promoted.

America: The House was moved. That an Act, made in the

Bill to detain ]aft Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for fur-PersonT* t*ier continuing an Act, made in the Seventeenth 1 ' " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to impower His Majesty to l'ecure and detain " Persons charged wfth, or suspected of, the Crime of " High Treason, committed in any of His Majesty's " Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High

Seas, or the Crime of Piracy," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a^ Bill for fqrther continuing an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to impower His Majesty to secure and detain " Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of " High Treason, committed in any of His Majesty's Colonies or IMuntations in America, or on the High " Seas, or the Crime of Piracy And that Sir Grey Cooper, the Ixml Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

War in tha Ordered, That the Reports which, upon the Twenty-

Carnatie. Seventh Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament, Mere made from the Committee of Secrecy, appointed to enquire into the C-aufes of the War that now subsists in; The Carnatic, and of the present Condition of the British Poflessions in those Parts, be referred to the Committee of Secrecy appointed in this Session of Parliament to enquire into tbfc-Causes of the War that now subsists in The Carnatic, and of the present Condition of the British Possessions in those Parts.

Answ»r t«

Addref* for The Lord North reported to the House, That their

Estimate*. ' — .

*4

Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would begra-cioully pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the Estimates, Lift, and Accounts therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That He will give Directions accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee War in t:< of Secrecy, appointed to enquire into the Causes of the Cainaw. War that now subsists in The Carnatic, and of the present Condition of the British Poflessions in those Parts,

That they do enquire into the Rife, Progress, Conduct, and present State of the Maratta War, and all other Hostilities, in which the Presidency of Bengal now are or have been engaged in the Support of that War, and of the Elfects which the said War and Hostilities may have produced in Bengal, and the other Settlements and Poflessions of the East India Company.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, Cor-fifat*, That this House will resolve it fell* into a Commiueeof of Ejfctiiia the whole House, to examine into the Confiscation of St‘ the Eflects of His Majesty's new Subjects of the Eland of Saint Eujlatius, as well as of Goods and Merchandize the Property of His Majesty's British Subjects, and into the Sale and Conveyance of the same to Places under the Dominion of His Majesty's Enemies, and to other Places, from whence His said Enemies might beeafily supplied therewith.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to examine into the Confiscation of the Goods and Merchandize found in the Eland of Saint Eujlatius-,

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding at the End thereof these Words, " and not belonging to nor claimed by British Subjects."

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding at the End thereof these Words, "..excepting such Goods and Merchandize as are now " claimed in any Court of Law or Equity."

And the Question being put. That those Words be them added;

It <was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put, That this House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to examine into the Confifcntion of the Goods and > Merchandize found in the llland of Saint Eujlatius, excepting such Goods and Merchandize as are now claimed in any Court of Law or Equity;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Mr. Marsham: }

Tellers for the Noes The LorH 7 g

lellers for the xNoes, Mp j0,m: 5

So it passed in the Negative.

Tellers for the Yeas,£ Mr‘ William

And then the House adjourned till To-morrow1 Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Dittt

22 Geo. III. 5°

Mercuriu 5° die Decembris;

Anno 22® Georgii III'11 Regis, 1781. Prayers.

MR. Secretary at "War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Eltiinate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great ,in-

cluding those in Gnemfey and Jet fey, from 25th ber 1781 to 24th December 1782, both inclusive; being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1^82: And also, Eilimate of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from 25th December 1781 to 24th December 1782,both inclusive; being 365 Days.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year

1782: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Artillery for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great , pnrfQant to Treaties, for the Year 1782: And also,

DecembHi,

Estimate of the Charge of- the Embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain, and of Four Regiments of Fencible Men in North Britain, from 25th December 1781 to 24th December 1782, both inclusive } being 365 Days: And also, — - .

Estimate of the Charge of the Clothing for the Embodied Militia in South , for the Year 1782: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of a Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Two Regiments of Foot, from 24th September 1781 to 24th December following, both inclusive $ being 92 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, Seven Battalions and a Detachment of Foot, for Service in East India, from 25th December 1781 to 24th December 1782, both inclusive, being 365 Days. And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

Vol. 3S.

Estimate

p2 § ' Decgmbris./ 178 {.

ESTIMATE of die Cl^ar^e of Guarcts, Garrisons, and1 other. His Majesty's Ladd Forced in Great Britc.li, inchidin^- those jii and jeitfty, from 25th 'December 1781 to i^th Decembe? 1782, both

inclolive, being XJhys!

10

ie,

First Troop of Horse Guards -

Secomj Pr - - ' ' - -

/ FirstTroop of Grjpnad^pr Gutu*ds j Sr-^ond tf] -Ifojraj of Flprfe Guards -

, FirfirReffl^| T

Second Ditto *" - '' - -' ' ' -

Third Ditto -

Earl of Pembroke's Dragoons Earl of Panmure's -

Dragoons. { Lord Southampton's

Lieut. General Carpenters Lieut. General Johnstones Sir Henry Clinton's -

Lieut. General Pitt's -

Lieut. General John Jtone's

Light Dragoons. V

General Eliott's - -

Colonel Harcourt's Major General J/aimere's Major General Philipforis Major General Douglass's" Lord Sheffield's Corps -Major Lijler's Corps

Foot J First Regiment Foot Guards ... Guards. \ Coldflream Regiment D°

F Third Regiment D° -

rDuke of Argyll's Foot, 2d Battalion Lieut. General Jones's Regiment General Hodgson's Regiment, 2 Companies Earl Percy's Regiment, 2 Companies Sir William Boothby's Regiment Earl Ligonier's - - - <

Sir Robert Murray Keith's -

Lieut. General Cunynghame's Sir John Sebright's Regiment -Lieut. General Parker's Regiment -Lieut. General Mackays -

Lieut. Geneal Taylers -Lord George Lennox's -Lord Adam Gordon!s -

Lieut. General HavilancTs -

Sir Guy Carleton's -Lieut. General Sorell's - . "

Lieut. General Alaitland's Regiment, 2 Companies -Sir Thomas Wilson's Regiment Lieut. General Trapaud's -

Sir David Lindsay's -Major General Matthews's -

Major General Calcrafl's

Major General Morrison's -

Major General Stott's -Colpnel Afafoutf's *

Major General Tottenham's -

Colonel AcklamCs -Colonel M'Carmick's -Major General Reid's -Lieut. Colonel Whyte's -Sir Thomas Egertons Corps -

Earl Fauconberg's Regiment -

Lieut. Colonel North's Corps -

7/fe e/* 3/art Corps -JSeventy-eight Independent Companies

3 , F ~ ' *

Foot,

Numbers. Pay of the Trqops and Regiments, for 365 Days.

£ * cL.

181 - 17,605 3, 4

?8i - 17,6.05 3 4

*74 - 10,870 18 4

*73 - 10,743 3 4

3*9 1,028 26,054 *8 4

f # t- 1^*

4? 7 - ii, 52? 18 4

; .186 - i 4.685 3 4

286 _ 14,685 3 4

.286 - 14,685 3 4

286 . *4.685 3 4

287 . ' mi *4.73° *5 *°

286 , 14-685 3 4

286 14,685 3 4

*86 r - *446.85 3 4

286 14,685 3 4

286 3,288 14,685 3 4

412 - 19,037 *5 10

412 - 19,037 15 10

412 - 19,037 *5 *0

412 - *9'°37 *5 10

412 - 19,037 *5 10

275 - 12,604 13 4

207 - 9.433 *4 7

2,542

2,033 - 52,064 4 2

*»3°5 - 33,668 4 2

1.305 - - 33,722 19 2

99* - 18,119 4 2

99* - 18,374 *4 2

164 - 2,90115 —

164 - 2,90115 —

99* - 18,37414 2

4*7 10,864 16 8

823 - 16,330 14 2

99* - *8,374 *4 2

99* . *8,374 *4 2

4*7 - 10,864 16 . 8

499 - 12,315 14 2

499 ' 12,315 14 1

99* - - 18,374 14 2

823 - 16,330 14 2

823 - 16,330 14 2

417 - 10,864 16 8

823 m 16,330 14 2

164 . 2,901 15 — .

99* . 18,374 14 2

823 -. - 16,330 14 2

99* - 18,374 14 2

499 - 12,315 14 2

823 - 16,330 14 2

*>020 - 19,308 10 —

IU69 . m 21,042 5 —

687 m m 13.733 6

687 m . 13.733 2 6

ll7 13,769 12 6

687 - 13,769 12 6

827 tt , . 15,472 19 2

827 - i 15,308 14 2

499 9»4i3 *9 2

827 15,472 19 2

4*4 m . 7,5*5 *9 2

348 . — . 6,077 5 —

8.994 38,4a* i52.743 7 6

T OTAL,

82,879 6 8

168,426 4 4

117,227 7 i

759*79° 1 8

Invalid*,

2 a Geo. Ill,

50 Decembris.

603

T . CLicut. General Wren's Regiment 1 ' ^Thirty-six Independent Companies

Garrisons with Fire and Candle -Contingencies upon Account

War Office,

5th December 1781.

Total - -

9°5 3.27° 4.175 13.949 8 48,344 5 —

- 32,218 16 —

- - 20,000

- 49*455 -

62,293 6 8

52,218 16 —

1,242,835 2 3

C. JenkinJ.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1782.

General and General Staff Officers

War Office.

5th December 1781.

For 165 Days.

43,840 6 —

C. Jenkinson.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from 25th December 1781 to 24th December 1782, both inclusivej being 365 Days.

Lieut. General PrefiorCs Regiment of Light Dragoons

Detachment of Foot Guards^ exclusive of Officers -

Royal Regiment of Foot, ill Battalion

Major General Style's Regiment of Foot

Major General Richard Pres -

Lieut. General Armjtrongs

Lieut. General Murray's -

Major General Faucitt's -

Major General Robert/on's '-

Lieut. General Monckton's -

Lieut. General Grxmc's

Iieut. General Gage's ——

Sir William Howe's ——

Major General MaJJey's -

Major General Grey's - - - '

Lieut. General Evelyn's -

Lieut. General Parjlow's -

Major General Clarke's *- - -

Earl Cornwallis's - -

Lord Frederick Cavendish's -

Lieut. General Campbell's -

Sir Eyre Coote's ——

Sir Robert Pigott's ——

Sir Robert Hamilton's ——

Lord John Murray's, ill Battalion -Lieut. General Cary's - -

Major General Rainsford's -

Major General Vaughan's -

Iieut. General Elphinjtnne's -

Lieut. General Frederick's -

Major General Janies Grant's - -

Major General John Campbell's - -

Royal American Regiment, 4 Battalions Vol. 38.

Number. Pay of Regiments, See. for 365 Days.

494

1,069 - 17,766 7 6

991 - 18,374 M 2

827 15,472 19 2

823 m 16,513 4 2

9°9 - 16,923 16 8

991 m m 18,374 14 2

823 m mm 16,330 14 2

823 - 16,330 14 2

823 mm 16,330 14 2

827 - - i5>472 29 2

823 m m 16,330 14 2

823 - 16,330 14 2

823 - 16,330 14 a

823 mm mm 16,330 14 2

823 - 16,330 >4 2

827 m -» 15,472 19 2

823 - " 16,330 14 *

823 16,330 14 2

991 - 18,374 14 2

823 - 16,330 14 2

823 - - 16,330 14 2

823 - - 16,330 14 2

823 - - 16,330 14 ?

1,168 - m 20,768 10 —

823 m <m 16,330 14 2

823 m m 16,330 14 2

823 - - 16,330 *4 2

991 18,374 14 2

823 - - 16,330 14 2

823 - - 16,330 14 2

823 m 16,330 14 2

3.293 m m 65,578 6 8 7P

TOTAL.

19,448 8 4

Lieut.

6c>4

5° Decembris.

Lieut. General Francis Grants Lieut. General Pomeroy's Lieut. General Sheer aid's

Major General Tryon's -

Lieut. General Frazer's, 2 Battalions Lieut. Colonel Campbeffs Regiment Lieut. Colonel M'DonnelC -

Major General Hall's -

Sir William Eifkine's-Colonel Gunning's

Royal Highland Emigrants, 2 Battalions Earl of Harrington's Regiment Major General St. Leger's Lord Viscount Chew ton's -

Colonel Keating's Lieut. Colonel Stuart's -Major General Robert Prescott's Colonel Stanton's

Major General Skene's Regiment -Captain Commandant Wall's Corps Major Dairy tuple's Corps -

Two Independent Companies

St. Augustine, and- South Carolina

Providence, Bermudas, and Africa Officers serving with the Forces in North America -Contingencies upon Account -

MINORCA.

Earl of Eglmtoune's Regiment of Foot -Major General Morris's

Officers of the Garrison, 8Cc. - -

GIBRALTAR.

Colonel Pitlon's Regiment of Foot -

Lieut. General Boyd's -

Lieut. General Wash's -

Lieut. General Baugh's -

Major General Ross's - -

Lord M'Leod's, id Battalion - - -.

Officers of the Garrison, Sic.

Provisions for His Majesty's Forces serving in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Me. deducting 2 id.per Diem, from each Non-commissioned Officer and Soldier, towards that Expence: Remains to be borne by Government -Provisions for the Forces at Gibraltar . -Provisions for the Forces in the West Indies Provisions for the Forces in Africa, deducting per Diem from each Non-commissioned Officer and Soldier, towards that Expence:

Remains to be borne by Government -

To tax. -

4. 1781.

War Office,

5th December 1781.

823 m m

823*. at

99* m.

623- - -

2»394- - -

1,018 -

1,018

1,018 -

1,019 "

1,0x9 -

*,350

687 mm

687 - .

687 M

687 -

687 .

687 ' -

827 -

687 m w

213 , m m

588 - -

23a 49*32 i

► - m

> ~ -

823

823 1,646

- -

823, m

823 -

823 mm m

823 - -

1,168 - -

1,401 5*861 *

- -4

57,*33

l6»33»

I8.?74

10,330

44>35o

j8>779

>779

l8>943

*9»2*7

*9,217

*6*559

13.605

13.769

13.605

13.769

13.605

13.769 *5.47* *3,769 4.170

*0.478

3.948

2

2

2

a

4

14 *4

*4

3

5 — 5 "

10 —

5 — 5 ~ 16 8

7. 6

ti

7

12

7

12 19 a 12 6 2 6 10 10 I 8

6

6

6

6

6

>548 18 4

3.336 10 — 30.27 3 14 2

4,000 — —

*6.33° 14 *6.330 14

2

a

*6,330

16.330

16.330 16.33°

20,768

*4,734

14

*4

14

*4

10

16

2

2

2

2

78.989 4 36,809 ia 33>7* 8

6,200 — —

947.*59 *5 10

40,049 a 6

32,661 8 4

5.9*7 11 3

110,826 3 4 3*749 3

*55.7* 4 —

*»3 *5.5*3 5 10

C. Jenkinson,

ESTIMATE

22 Geo. III. 5^ ,

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties,

for the Year 1782.

GIBRALTAR.

Three Battalions of His Majesty's-HanoverianluSm&y

Mm OR C A

Two Battalions of the same - - - -j

NORTH A IC A. ~ ' Troops of Hejfe Ca/kl, including Staff Officers c . r Troops of Hejfe Hanau - - -j -

Regiment of IValdeck -

Troops of the Reigning Duke inclining

Staff Officers - . - -. . , - - - i t -

Troops of the Margrave of

Troops of Anhalt Zirhft , - „ - - .

.. - __ 1 Total fojr Pay* -

Subsidies per Annum; viz.

To the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel, at the Rate of 480, 187 Banco Crowds To the Hereditary Prince of HcJflrCaJfd, at the Rate of 76,688 Banco Crowns - - - -. _ -

To the Reigning Prince of Waldeck, at theltyte of 25,050 Banco Crowns - - - - .

To the Reigning Dike of Bh;nfwickjjd the R|te of 64,500 German Crowns -To Hie Margrave of Brandebourg Ayfpdck, at the.

Rate Of 5^,255 Banco Crowns -

To the Reigning Prince of Anhalt at the Rate

of 34,245 Banco Crowns....

Total for Subsidies

Provision for the Troops at Gibraltar -Provisions for the Forces in North , deducing

2 ^d. per Diem from each Non-commissioned Officer

and Private Man, towards that Expen c:

Remains to be borne by Government -

Total for the Year 1782

To make good a Deficiency on the following Troops for the Year 1781; viz.

Pavof8ioMen, being an Augmentation to the Troops of Hejfe Hanau, for 263 Days, from 6th 1781 to 24th December following -

Proportional Subsidy for D°, 21,374 Banco Crowns,

Numbers;

i>423

950

being

Pay of 112 Men, being an Augmentation to the Troops of the Margrave of Brande Anjpach, Sic. for 298 Days, from id March 1781 to 24th December following ——

Proportional Subsidy for D°, 3,299 BancoCrowns, being Pay of 320 Men, being an Augmentation to the Troops of Anhalt Zerbjl, for 251 Days, from 18th April 1781 to 24th December following -

Proportional Subsidy for D*, 8,ojbBancoCrowns being

Total for the Year 1781

i&472

\*>m

! 670

r

' 4.300

933

War Office,

5th December 1781.

Vo l.38.

C. Jenkinson.

~2»373

43,028

Pay, tec. for 365 Days.

28,017 11 — *

18,692 II 3

251,658 7 6

4^.655 3 ioi

11,470 10

82,429 18 6i 30,129 4 7

»5>578 5

TOTAL.

46,710 % 3

433>921 1®

H5>545 2 4 i8,453 7 a

6^027 13 vi 11,517 17 ii

13»536 7 8

8,240 6 5

9.3^4 i

17 1

55,469 ——

25,401

In all

10,356 14 5

5.M3 3 "

2,488 15 5

793 17 "

2,999 9 —

1,943 10 —

173,320 13 10

64.833 17 1

718,786 3 3|

23,725 8 10

742,511 12 lj

ESTIMATE

6o6

5° Decembris

A. 1781.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Artillery for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great ,pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1782.

Pay of Three Companies for the Troops of the' Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel ——

Ditto of a Brigade attached to the Regiments of Hanau -

Ditto of a Detachment of Artillery with a Regiment of Waldcck - -

Ditto of a Detachment with the Troops of the Margrave of Brandebonrg Anfpa Sic. Ditto of a Detachment with the Corps of

Zerbfi ....

Proportional Subsidiesper Annum.

To the Landgrave of Hejfe at the Rate of

22,050 Banco Crowns - - - -'

To the Hereditary Prince of Hejfe Ca/fel, at the Rate of 4,800 Banco Crowns To the Reigning Prince of Waldeck, at the Rate of 523 Banco Crowns - -

Total -

Numbers. Pay, &c. for 365 Days, TOTAL-

588 15'342 3 4

128 ~ _ 3>77? *3 4

14 m m 352 16 8

44 m wm 1,326 3 4 .

12 1 00 O 1 " 3°4 3 4 21,097 >

5,303 15 —

>A55

- - — m i*5 *9 " 6,586 14 —

a* — 786 - - - £. 27,683 14 —

War Office,

5th December 1781. C. Jenkinfan,

ESTIMATE

5° Decembris*

22 Geo. III.

607

ESTIM ATE of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain, and of Four Regiments of Fencible Men in North Britain, from 25th December 1781 to 24th December 1782, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Pay for 365 Days.

9>°73 5 10

9»742 9 2

10,788 15 10

M67 *3 4

9.75i II 8

10,962 3 4

6,573 — 10

9.754 12 6

3*.I07 2 6

I 1,260 5 —

6,709 18 4

19,122 *9 2

18,821 16 8

9*5 20 8 4

9.763 i5

6,910 *3 4

17.547 7 6

I2>574 5 —

10,226 1 8

21,036 3 4

32.5o3 5 —

6,357 1 8

19,095 11 8

*3-949 1 8

io,737 1 8

8,577 10 —

9,365 5 10

2,190 — —

10,943 18 4

10,94s 18 4

14.003 16 8

i9>3r>i 1 8

17,848 10 —

15,761 18 4

i3'225 13,967 9,584 5 4 8 10

12,5/4 5 — *

10,-46 4 2

21,498 10 —

11,844 5 —

8,966 16 8

5»7°3 2 6

2,597 11 8

4,276 11 8

5»697 — 10

2,621 18 4

5,347 5 —

2,19° — —

7,324 6 8

1,438 14 2

5.365 10 —

4.748 — 10

3»l6^ 8 4

21,042 5

21,042 5 —

2T,042 5 —

21,042 5 —

Bedford . m +

Berks ——

Buckr -Cambridge Chester - -Cornwall Cumberland -Derby -Devon -Dorset -Dm ham -

Gloucester Hereford Hertforcf Huntingdon Kent - . - -

Lancaster Leicester -Lincoln -Middlesex

Monmouth - .

Norfolk -Northampton Northumberland 1 Nottingham Oxford -Rutland -Salop -Stafford -Somerset Southampton Suffolk -Surrey -

Warwick Westmoreland -7Fi7Ay -

Worcester

York, West Riding -

---- North

---- East -

Anglesea.....-

Brecon -

Cardigan

Carmarthen

Carnarvon

Denbigh -

jF/Z/z/ -

Glamorgan

Merioneth

Montgomery

Pembroke

Radnor

Total for Militia in Britain -

Men in North Britain Duke of Gordon's D° Duke of Buccleugh's D° Colonel D*

War Office, fitli December 1781.

VOL. 38.

Total

C. Jenkinson.

Regiments, Battalions, or Corps. Numbers.

1 600

- I 636

- I 708

- I 537

- I 637

- I 727

- I , 436

- 1 637

3 2,032

I 759

I 45'

- 2 1,233

- 2 ‘ 1,230

I 615

- I 638

- I 457

2 1,164

I 893

I 689

2 1,366

- 3 2,185

- 1 414

- 2 1,230

- 1 930

- 1 706

- 1 547

1 631

1 i39

1 72 5

1 726

— 1 967

- 2 1,235

2 i,274

1 1,085

1 899

_ 1 939

1 618

1 893

1 706

_ 2 1,410

— _ 1 813

1 589

_ 1 378

1 181

_ 1 275

_ 1 376

_ 1 . *83

1 343

1 *39

- 1 479

1 94

_ 1 343

1 32»

- 1 207

- - 39,333

>Ie

- 1,169 - -

1,169 - *

1,169 -

1,169 4,676

- - - 44.009

TOTAL.

593>328 15 10

84,169 ——

7a

677>497 15 10

ESTIMATE

5 Decembris.

A. 1781.

6 08

ES T I M AT E of the Charge of the Cloathing for the Embodied Militia in South Britain* for the

- Year 1782.

Kate. Charge* TOTAL.

1,711 Serjeant^, each at 5 14 7 1,113 Drummers, each at 3 — 5 34,683 Rank and file, each at - 9,80212 1 - 3>36* 3 9 - - 87,430 1 3

37>5°7 ' 100,594 17 a

War Office, 5th December 1781. C, Jenkinfoif, -

v 1 1 E S TIM AT E of the Charge of a Regiment of Light Dragoons and Two Regiments of Foot, from 24th September 1781 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 92 Days. v , .

t < -1 Number*. Charge. TOTAL;

Sir John Burgoyne's Regiment of Li&ht Dragoons* from 24th September 1781 to 24th December following, both infclusive, being 92 Days - - - - J Major General SandfoM'b Regiment of FooVfor the fatne Time - 413 ! 9,510 11 4

1,40° 6,229 >8 8

Major General Rowleys, D* - - - . - - 1,400 6,229 18 8

3*3 x " " ' 15,970 8 S

Levy Money for 360 Light Dragoons, at £. 5 for each Man I,8oo —

D* for 678 Men for the Two Regiments of Fobt, at £.5. 5, for each - - m — 1 3*559 10 —

i - Total - - - "* 5*359 10 tt« 21,329 18

War Office,

§th December 1781:.

C. Jtnkinson.

estimate

\ '

22 Geo. III.

5* Decembris.

609

ESTIM ATE of the Charge o$One Regiment of Light Dragoons, Seven Battalions and a Detachment of Foot, for Service in East India, from 25th December 1781 to 24th December 1782, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Numbcn. Pay for 365 Day*. TOTAL.

Sir John Burgoyne's Regiment of Light Dragoons Lord John Murray's Regiment of Foot, 2d Battalion Lord M< Lead's, ill Battalion -Earl of Seaforlh's Regiment -Lieutenant Colonel Fullarton's -Lieutenant Colonel Humberftont's -Major General Sand ford's - - -Major General Rowley's - - - -A Detachment of Foot ----- - 018 M97 1.296 1.296 1.296 1.296 1.296 328. 413 m mm mm wm m m 9»023 16,859 19 2 23,280 x8 4 22.842 18 4 22.842 18 4 22.842 18 4 23,007 3 4 23,007 3 4 5,894 15 — i3*927 *5 10 160,578 14 2

Total 9>436 1 l 1 174,506 IO —

Memorandum:

By an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for establishing an Agreement with the United Company of Merchants of England, " trading to the East Indies, Sc. He."

The East India Company are required to pay a certain Sum of Money, which is specified in the said Act, in Proportion to the Number of Troops lent, or to be sent, to the East Indies, on the Requisition of the said Company: This Sum the said Company claim, under the Words of the Act, a Right of paying in the East Indies only. And as it will be necessary to advance Subsistence for Six Months to the Troops now going to the East Indies, and to provide for the Subsistence of the Recruiting Companies remaining in Great Britain, there will be wanting at present for these Purposes the Sum of £. 36,280. tot. $d. which it will be necessary to vote on Account of the said Estimate.

War Office,

5th December ifii. C. Jenkinson.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

fjfca. Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to to detain Order, a Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, °°u intituled, "An Act to impower His Majesty to secure " and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the <c Crime of High Treason, committed in any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime of PiracyAnd the same Was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee* c* to whom the Petitition of several Gentlemen, Clergy*' Freeholders, and others, of the Counties of Hereford and Worcester, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of Apr 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Co'mmittee ..had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and VoL. 38.

I -

afterwards delivered it iu at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr* Thomas Russell being examined, said. That the Road from the Willerjley Turnpike Road near , to

Monkland Mill, and from the Turnpike Road on

Mile Field to the Turnpike Road at Broad Heath, and from Kyre Common to the Turnpike Road at Grendon Green, in the Counties of Hereford and Worcester, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in some Places, and incommodious for Travellers; and that they cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair by thf Laws subsisting.

A Member present confwmed the Evidence of the said Witness; and added. That the Road from the Turn*

8ike Road at or near Ford's Bridge to the Turnpike ioad near Stockton, in the said County of Hereford, i? also much out of Repair, narrow in some Parts, and incommodious, and cannot be completely amended by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in ft Bill for amending and keeping in Repair the Reads leading front the Willerjley Turnpike Road near Parian, tp

Mill, aadjfom the Turnpike Road on

Oakhampton

Roads.

Meier's and

Reibergt

Nat.

£aft India Accounts, kc.

610

5* Decembris. A. 1781.

to the Turnpike Road at Broad and from the

Turnpike Road at or near The Ford's Bridge to the Turnpike Road near Stockton, and from to the Turnpike Road at Grendo in the Counties of Hereford and Worcester:And that Mr. Alderman

Harley, the Earl of Surrey, and Sir George

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Minchin reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the several Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-, third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing several " Roads leading to the Town of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon," was referred j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth 9 VIZ,

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Charles Luxmoore informed your Committee, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution <5f the said Act, and borrowed the Sum of £. 4,950 upon the Credit thereof, which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Road kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued, and the Tolls increased.

And the Witness further said, That there are Two Pieces of Road included in the said Act, one lying between Newland Bridge, in the Parish of North Lawton

and Bow, otherwise Nimmett Tracey, and the other lying between the West End of Maddaford Dozen, in the Parish of Oakhampton, and Sloneing Steps Gate; which Pieces of Road have never been repaired, or made Part of the Turnpike Road, and the Trustees are desirous of being discharged from the Cure and Management thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon: And that

Mr. Minchin, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Rolle, and Mr. Parker of Devonshire, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Elites reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Henry Meier and Herman Diederick Retberg was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in His Majesty's Warehouse, in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1780; what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1781: Ajad also,

N° 4. An Account olEaJt India Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Warehouses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1780; what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1781: And also,

N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at Saint Helen's, Leadenhall, Bilitter Lane, and the CuJloni House, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1780, in order to be dyed, glazed, and refreshed; what have been since returned, and what remained out at Michaelmas 178 y. And also,

N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1780 to Michaelmas 1781: And also,

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Ports of England, commonly called The Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1780 to Michaelmas 1781:

And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Number of Ships which have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Streights and The Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port in Great Britain they were discharged; and also what Quantity of Oil or Whale Fins each Ship has imported in the Year 1781.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Treasurer of the Navy do lay Accenttf before this House, an Account of the Sums of Money issued by him for the Service of the Navy, between the ' ill of October 1780 and the ift of 1781.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an A'm of Account of the Sums of Money ifl'ued for the Impress r^1 Service in Great Britain and Ireland, between the id Mootv. of October 1780 and the 1 ft of October 1781.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accwi Account of the Number of Men pressed into the Service F&

of His Majesty's Navy, between the ill of October 1780 and the ill of October 1781; distinguishing the Places in Great Britain or Ireland where they were pressed, and the Number pressed at each Place.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accw=i of Account of the Number of Seamen and Landmen who have entered voluntarily into the Service of His ,.n!„nc„^ Majesty's Navy, and accepted the Bounty, between the ill of October 1780 and the ill of October 1781.

The House being informed, that some of the Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of prohibited East India Goods imported into Saint Helen's and Private Trade Ware-honfe in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1780 to Michaelmas 1781; what exported during that Period, and what remained in the said Warehouse at Michaelmas 1781: And also,

N° 2. An Account of prohibited East India Goods imported into Leadenhall Warehouses, in the Port of tymdon, from Michaelmas 1780 to Michaelmas 1781; also what exported during that Time, and what remained in the said Warehouse# at Michaelmas 1781: And also.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an AccmoI Account of the Number of Officers and Men employed Imperii in the Imprefs Service in Great Britain and Ireland, StrTlit' between the ill of October 1780 and the ift of October 1781.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon CjlloftSr Thursday the 31st Day of January next. How.

Ordered, That such Members, as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write circular Letters to the Sheriffs and Stewards of the several Counties of Great Britain, requiring the Attendance of the Members of this House, upon Thursday the 3 ill Day o next.

Copjes of which Letters are as follow; viz.

From

22 Geo. III. f — 6" Decembris. 6i\

from she House of Commons, the 5th December 1781.

SIR,

1 am commanded by the Hoofe of Commons to acquaint you. That you are, immediately upon the-Receipt of this, to l'ummon the Representatives of your County, and Boroughs within the same, to attend their Service in Parliament, on the 31 ft Day of January next; and you are to give mean Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereon, upon Pain of incurring the Displeasure of the said House.

I am, Sir,

Your humble Servant,

Cornwall, Speaker

From the House of Commons, the 5th December 1781.

My Lord,

1 am commanded by the House of Commons to desire your Lorllh ip, immediately upon the Receipt of this, to Common the Members of Parliament for the Cinque Ports, to attend their Service in Parliament on T/rurfdaythe 31st Day of January next; your Lordship will also be ple&fed to give me an Account of the Re^ ceipt of this, and what you have done thereon.

I am, with the utmost Respect,

My Lord,

Your Lordship's Moll humble and obedient Ser vant,

V. Cornwall, Speaker. To the Right honourable Frederick

Lord North, Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports.

The Order of the Day being read;

Supply. The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord aHb acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the -whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the Hdufe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

C *" ‘+ 1 — 1 . I., . — -

<. Jovis, 6° die Decembrist

Anno 22* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

4tier's and . A N ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Henry Meier and et berg's J-\ Herman Diederick Re there, was read the Third

H Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalising Meier and Herman

Diederick Rctberg.

Ordered, That Mr. Elwes do carry the Bill to she Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

‘ - Vot. 38.

A Petition of John Broome, of Haterill, in tho ferowee* County of Suffolk, Esquire, was presented to the House, Nunt. and read-; Setting forth, That tViUiam Selby, late of The Mote, in the Parish of Ightham, in the County of Kent,

Esquire, deceased, by his Will dated the Third Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one, gave Unto his Coufto, Man/ Selby, an Annuity or Yearly Rent Charge of Ten Pounds, to be ifluiitg and payable out of his Messuage, Farm, and Lands, called Beltring Green Farm, with the Appurtenances, situate, lying, and being in the Pariffigs of East Peck ham. Voiding, Nettle-

fed, and Hadlow, and also several Pieces or Parcels of Land, Arable, Pasture, and Wood, with the Appurtenances, in West Mailing; and as to the said Messuage,

Farm, 'Lands, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being in the Parishes of East Peckham, Voiding, fed, Hadlow, and W^/t Mailing aforesaid, the said Testa-

for gave and bequeathed the same (subject to the Payment of the said Annuity) to his Son William Selby Life, Remainder to Elizabeth the Wife of the said William Selby for Life, in lieu of Dower, Remainder tq the First and other Sons of the said William Selby in Tail, Remainder to all the Children of the said William Selby, as well Sons as Daughters, in Manner therein mentioned, with Remainder, not only as to the said Meffnage, Farm, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premisea therein and herein before mentioned to be situate, lying, and being in the Parishes of East Peckham, Voiding, Nettlefted, and Hadieu), (subject to the said Annuity, and after the Determinations of the several Estates therein and herein before mentioned) but also all his Reversion or Remainder in Fee of and in a Capital Messuage or Tenement called The Mote, and the Lands, Arable, Meadow, Paftttre, and Wood thereunto belonging, situate, lying, and being in Ightham, Shipborne, Seal, and Wrotham, in the said County of Kent, and all other his Messuages, Lands, and Tenements whatsoever, which were settled 00 his Marriage with his Wife, and whkilt were by him since his Marriage settled on her for Life, and all other his Real Estate whatsoever, net otherwise given and disposed of, which be bad Power to give and dispose of, unto the Petitioner John Son of hi*

the said Testator's Cousin Mrs. Dorothy Browne, of Shreittfbury, in the County of Salop, Widow, with divers Remainders over; and that the said Testator William Selby did, by his said Will, direct that the Petitioner John Browne, and his First and other Sons, and the several Persons who should from Time to Time (after the Decease of his the said Testator's Son without Issue, and Failure of Issue of his the said Testator's Body) be entitled to the Freehold or Inheritance of the Premises by-virtue of and under the Limitations of the said.

W£M, should change his or their Surname to the Name of, and from thenceforth be called by the Name of Selby, and (if the fame..conld be had) procure an Act of Parliament for that Purpose within One Year after the said Messuage, Lands, and Tenements should defeeod and come unto and vest in the Petitioner by virtue of the Limitations and Devises in his the said Testator's Will; and that the said Testator departed this Life, after the making and publishinghis said Will, without altering or revoking the fame, and the said William the Son entered into Possession and Receipt of the Rents >and Profits of the Premises pursuant to the said Will;, and that the said William Selby the Son departed this Life in or about the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, leaving an only Daughter Elizabeth Burrows Selby., an Infant, him. survivipg, and no other Issue; and that the said Elizabeth Burrows Selby, the Infant, died on for about the Third Day of July last without Issue, whereby the said Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises so dp-vised by the said Testator's Will, under the Limitations herein and therein before mentioned, have become veflpd in the Petitioner John Browne, with Remainders over;

v and that the Petitioner is defiroM* that he and his issue

7 R Male

Preston to Lancaster, lie. Kotd.

Kcw Bridge*

612

6° Dzeembris. A. 1781.

Male may take and use the Surname of by the Authority of Parliament, in pursuance of the said Will: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pttr-suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Elives and Mr. Hartley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several ofting Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repair-

ing and widening the Road from Preston to " ter, and from thence to a Place called Heiring-Syke, " that divides the Counties of and

morelandwas presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the original Term of Twenty-one Years, granted by the said Act, and the further Term of Five Years, granted by an Act made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, are both expired, and the additional Term of Five other Years, granted by an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, to such Turnpike Roads wherein the Trusteeslhould erect and use a Weighing Engine, will also expire at the Elid of the present Session of Parliament; and that the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said ftrft-mentioned Act, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, the greatest Part of which now remains due; and that the Monies borrowed, together with the Tolls collected by virtue of the said Act, have been applied towards repairing the said Roads, and great Progress hath been made therein; but the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, and the Money borrowed be paid off, unless the Term of the said Act, and the Tolls and Powers thereof, are further continued ami enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at -Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Grey Cooper reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of RollertTimflall, of Old Brentford, in the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di-rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's'fable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for building a Bridge or Bridges crol's the River of Thames, from a certain Place in Old Brentford, in the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, known by the Name of Smith or Smith's IJiU, to the of polite Shore in the County Of Surrey; and also an Act, passed in the Thirty-lirft Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty, for amending the said Act, were read: And,

James Paine, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Petitioner's late Father, Robert Tunf.all, did, in pursuance of the said Acts, at his own Expence, erect a Bridge as by the said Act is directed, which is now known by the Name of Kero; which being built of 'limber, great Sums of Money have from Time to Time been laid cut in the Repairs thereof; notwithstanding which the same is become so ruinous and decayed, that it will become necessary in a lliort Time to be taken down and rebuilt, whereby Very considerable Inconvenience would arise to the Public.

And the Witness further said, That the Petitioner, who is now the Proprietor of the Bridge, proposes to build a new Bridge of Stone cross the River Thames, a little below and to the Eastward of the said Bridge j and as the same will not consist of so many Arches as the old Bridge, he apprehends it will be of Advantage to the Navigation of the River, and of great public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Stone Bridge cross the River of Thames, from the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore in the Hamlet of Kew, in the County of Surrey: And that Sir Grey Cooper and Mr.

Ord do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Anr*r!«; Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to impower His Majesty to l'ecure

and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of High Treason, committed in any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, or on " the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of John Saunders, Esquire, was delivered in Hindoo

at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the late Eiedios. Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, which came on on or about the <jth Day of September 1780, the Petitioner, Lloyd Kenyon, Nathaniel William Wraxall, and Samuel Peach, Esquires, were Candidates to represent the said Borough in this present Parliament; and that the said Lloyd Kenyon and Nathaniel William Wraxall, previous to and during the said Election, by themselves, their Agents, and Friends, were guilty of gross Bribery, in corrupting the Voters; that a general System of Corruption prevailed in that Borough, for Persons were influenced to vote for the said Lloyd Kenyon and Nathaniel William Wraxall, from a Knowledge of large Sums of Money having been lodged in the Hands of their j

Agents and others, by the said JAoyd Kenyon and Nathaniel William Wraxall, or by their Friends under their Direction, or with their Privity, Consent, and Approbation, to be afterwards divided amongst those Persons who voted for them; and that the same was made known to the Voters in general before, they promised to give them their Votes, whether before or on the Day of Election; and that after the Telle of the Writ, and on the Day of Election, the said 'UoydKenyon and - 1

niel William Wraxall, at their own Charge and Expence, treated the Voters with Viftnals mid Drink, contrary to the Statute in that same provided; and that several Threats and Promises were made use of by the said Lloyd Kenyon and Nathaniel William Wraxall, or their Agents, to influence Persons to vote for them; and that the Returning Officer cunvafled the said Borough,..and acted as Agent for them the said Lloyd Kenyon and Nathaniel William Wraxall, and was guilty of the greatest s

and tuoft illegal Partiality in Favour of them previous to and during the Election, by admitting divers Perfops lo vote for them who had no legal Right to vote, and by rejecting several Persons w ho had a legal Right to vote, and tendered themselves at the Poll to vote for the -Petitioner; and that by these, and various other co1 rupt and illegal Means, the said Lloyd and Nathaniel

William

a a Geo. III.

<v — 70 Decembris.

6il

William Wraxall o'>tairw?d a colourable Majority of Votes on the Face of the pull, and were declared duly elected, in direct. Violation of the Freedom of Election, and in maniftli Prejudice of the Petitioner, who had a considerable Majority of legal Votes, and ought therefore to have been returned as a Bhrgefs duly elected to rep relent the said Borough in this present Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief therein as to them iha.M leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 15th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for fudh Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thdught necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Supply. Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted toHis Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and areas followeth; viz.

Resolved., That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That One hundred thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, including Twenty-onet.houfandThree hundred and Five Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds Man per Mouth, be allowed for maintaining the said One. hundred thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, including Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Way* Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-tod Means. ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 70 die Decembris:

Anno 22s Georgii III"' Regis, 1781.

Px AVERS

America /ORDERED, That the Order of the Dnv, for thelloufe

Bill to ^tam to resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, fi, spected upon the Bill for further continuing an Act, made in persons the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to impower His Majesty to " secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of High Treason, committed in any of " Mis Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy," be now read.

OL. 38.

And the said Order being read accordingly 3 The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bilb and made au Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to East India His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Affairs. Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of the Letters and Intelligence received by His Majesty's Ministers from The East Indies, relative to the Appointment of Sir Elijah Impey to the Oflice of Superintendent of the Court of Sudder Dezvannce Adaulut in Bengal.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by Inch Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved/Yhnt this House will, upon Monday Mom-ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjournment. House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Army suant to their Order, Return*.

Return of Captain Bridge's Independent Company, as inspected by Major General Maxwell, 5th September 1781: And also,

Weekly Return of the Independent Companies at Chatham Barracks, 23d September 1781;

Mallet's, Ryan's, Honeyborn's, Featherftome's,

Pync's, Ballmer 's, T. G. Browne's, Ord's, And also.

St ate of the Independent Companies at Hilfea, Gof*

port, and Portsmouth,24th September 1781; s,

Baillys, Douglass's. Fuller's, Cole's, S. Campbell's

ren's, Freer's, Jackson's, A. Campbell's: And also,

Return of Captain James Abercromby's Independent

Company, 27th September 1781, as inspected by Colonel.

Stanton: And also.

Return of Captain Fitzgerald's Independent Company, as inspected by Major General Maxwell, 13th October 1781: And also.

Weekly State of the Independent Companies at port, 17th November 1781; Mali's, Garden's, Lynch's,

Stanley's, Humphrey's, Carruther's North's: And also.

Weekly Return of the Independent Companies at Chatham Barracks, i8thM?rm/>£T 1781 Moore's, Brown's, DuJ\ Stone's, Blake's, and Ross's:

And also,

Weekly Return of the Two Independent Companies at Deal, 19th November 1781; Callender's, -

law's: And also,

Weekly Return of Captain L. P. Jones's Independent Company, Sheerness, 26th November 1781: And also.

Weekly State of the Independent Companies at mouth, Cumberland, Fort Havant, and Hilfea Barracks,

26th November 1781; Cowen's, Seymour's,

Slirke's, Aldworth's, Campbell's, Saunders's: And also.

Weekly Return of the Two Independent Companies at Dover, 26th November 1781: Gillespie's, Pringle's.

And the Titles of the said Returns and States were read.

Ordered, That the said Retumsand States do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Returns and States are preferred amongst

the other Papers of this Session.

The

61

f — t6*

Decembris.

vjSi.

The other1 Order of the Day being read;

Ways The House resolved itself. into' a Committee of the and Means, whole House, to confides of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed' the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee* That they badcOfne to several Resolutions; which tlrey had directed him to report, when the House will please to 1 receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning nekt.

Mr*. Ord, Also acquainted the Hcmfe, That he was directed by the Committee to' move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this HotifeWill, upon Monday Morn-ifig hCxt, refol.vfc itself into a Corttmittee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for ;f4bn#g the Supply grdrited to His Majesty.

And then the Hojife adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

t 4, t-K m — - b . *- -

Lunce, i o6die t)ecefobris;

Anno 22* Georgii If I*11 Regis, 1781.

such Threats, polled for she said Aletander Macleod, have, since the said Election, been discharged, and refused Work and Employment in their Trade and Bu-finess by thC Agents and Friends of the said Jacob kinson, and who have used Influence to prevent theif being employed by new Mailers in their* Trade and Bu-finess; and that, by these and other illegal and undue Means, the fad Jacob Wilkinson had a Majority appearing on the Roll, and was returned a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough', to the Prejudice of the Petitioners, and other legal voters of the said Borough; whereas the said Alexander Mdcleod had a Majority of good and legal Votes on the Poll, and ought to have been returned for the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Pr'emifes' into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 8th Day of February next, at the same Time that the Petition of Alixdnder -

leodi Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Cottsideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns 6f Members to serve in Parliament,

' the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied With Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, dieir Counsel, or Agents, tit the Time on Which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Cohfide-ration.

EastRvtforJ VjRDERED^ That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant

Wrir, \J tjje ejerk Gf the Crowh, to make out a neiv Writ,

for the eleCiing of a Burgess to serve in this present -xlWliauient for the Borough of Fajt , in the County of Nottingham, in the roOm of the Right honourable John Pelham Clinton, commonly called Lord _ John Pelham Clinton, deceased.

Army Mr. Secretary at War presented to the Hdiife, put*-Returas. suant to their Order,

Copies of Colonel Toion/cncts Reports on the Ihde-. peadent Companies raised in And also,

Copies of Ma jor General Maxwell's Reports on the ' Independent Companies raised in Ireland.

Ann the Title of the said Copies were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table,

to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Sessioa.

Honiff* t A Petition of the feverta! Persons whole Names are Kicdiou. tfjgreuato subscribed. Inhabitants of the Borough of _ Honiton, in the County of Devon, was delivered ih at the

f Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the la.fl Elec-; tiou for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, Jacob Wilkinson,^< and t kadi Esquire, were Candidates; and that the said Jacob . Wflki/fon, by liirhself and his Agents, were guilty of gross Bribery and Corruption; by Means whereof, and f other undue Influence, many Persons who had Right to vote were induced to polk and did poll, for the said Ja~ :cob Wilkinson, who would otherwise have polled for the f said Alexander Macleod-, and that many Persons under _ the Name of Feoffee Men, others receiving Parish Alms t and other Charities, Paupers, Persons under Age, and . other Persons who had no Right to vote, WeVe never- ' theless penniited to poll for the said Jacob Wilkinson; .,apd many Persons, who had good Right, offered theftn-selves, but were not permitted to poll for the said Alexander Macleod; and that many Persons who had Right to vofe were, by Threats of their being turned out of their Employment by the said Jacob Wilkinson, or his Agents, prevailed on, and compelled to Vote for the tfbgl Jacob Wilfiinfon; and Tome who, holwithstanding 18

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, 6r Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, As shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the America; Committee of the whole House, to Whotn the Bill for further continuing an Act, made Ifi the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, u An Act to impower His Majesty to ftidure And detain

Persons charged with, of suspected of, the Ctime of " High Treason, committed ih any of His Majesty's u Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High " Seas, or the Crime of Piracy," was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the BiH, and which-they had directed him td report to the House; and he read the Report in his Plate; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was , ' Twice read; and, upon the Qtieftiott. put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Afrfehdmertt, fee ingrafted.

Mr. Ord, according to Order,' reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred and Mau*; to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to feport to "the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same Were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tins Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, atidVo ' more, be raised, within the Space of One Year, front the 25th Day of March, 1782, upon Lands, Tenements, L Hereditaments, Penfiorts, Offices, and Personal EftatCs, in that Part of Great Britain'c&Wek England, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed: and that a propor* tionable Cess, according to the Nihth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Bri-"(ain called Scotland:

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

that

'll Geo. lit. 10° — li° — ia6 Uecemhris.

That, towards raising ttie Supply granted to His Majesty, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June 1782, be further continued and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry, which shall be made for Sale within the Kingdom of Great , from the 23d Day of

June 178;, to the 24th Day of June 1783.

The said Resolutions being Severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Queliion Severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Ord, the Lord North, the Lord West rote, the Lord. Palmerjton, Sir Richard Sutton, Mr. Buller, Mr. Attorney. General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey , and Mr. John Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the other of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. the Lord . North, the Ixnd Westcole, the Lord Palmer don, Sir Richard Sutton, Mr. Buller, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. John Robivjun, do prepare, and bring iu, the tune.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole. House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

'wean n<* ReJblvedfThat this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-

‘ ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is 3 110 Decembrist Anno 22* Georgii III1'* Regis, 1781. Prayers.

Supply Bill} OIR Grey Cooper presented to the House, according Land Tax. to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Supply Bill; Sir Grey Cooper presented to the Honfe, according Dunes on to Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to His Malt, kc. Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two: And the same was received; and read the First *Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

America; An ingrossed Bill for further continuing an Act, made uf1 StS* *n Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present ?crfons. Majesty, intituled, "An Act to impower His Majesty " to secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected " of, the Crime of High Treason, committed in any " of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in Americat "or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to impower His Majesty to secure Vol. 38.

" and detain Persons charged With, hr suspected of;

the Cfiihe. of High Treason, committed in any of " His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations oi

" on the High Seas* or the Crime of Piracy.*'

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the' House adjourned till To-morrotv Morning, Ten of the Clock. ' '

----- ----- ----- ---- r — ----- -- — T ——

Mercurii, 120 die Decembri

Anno 22* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

THE Lord Hinfhinbrook reported to the House, India That their Address of Friday last (that His Majesty Affair*-

\youid be gracioufty pleased to give Directions that the Copiesof the Letters and Intelligence therein mentioned might be laid before this House) bad been presented td His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Direction^ accordingly.

Mr. Ellis presented to the House, pursuant to their Account; Order, Navyk

Aa Account of Money paid by the Treasurer of the Navy between lft October 1780, and lft October 1781.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved fcmongst the other Papers of this Section.

A Bill for granting an Aid to Jlis Majesty by a Supply Bill; Land Tax, to be raised in Great Bt'i/ain, for the service Land Tax. of the Year Ques thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty Supply Bill; certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thonfatid Sevep hundred and Eighty-two, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon tfte said Bill.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Newciftl* thereunto subscribed, being Burgesse* and Electors of UP?" 7^"* the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, on Behalf of themselves and others Burgesse? and Electors of the said Town, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Town of NcxjvcaJHe upon TyneJSw Matlhczv White Ridley, Baronet, Andreto Robivjon Bowes,

Esquire, and Thomas Delaval, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the Petitioners, and a great Number of others,

Burgesses of the said Town, voted at the said Election for the said Andrcio Robinson Bowes and and that the said Sir Matthew White Ridley and Andrew Robinson Bowes were declared to have the Majority of Voices, and returned as duly elected to serve in Parliament for the said Town; and that many of the Persons who yoted at the said Election for the said Sir Matthew

7 S

616 ia° — 13 Decem \ 1781.

Motion re-ipeding the Americtn War.

White Ridley-ware corrupted and procured by the said Sir Matthew While Ridley, his Agents, or others on his Behalf, to give their Voices for him, by Means of Money, Bribes, Offices, Employments, or other Rewards, by way of Gifts, Loans, or other Devices, and by Promi-fes of, and Agreements and Securities for. Money, Offices, Employments, Gifts, or other Rewards, and other corrupt, undue, and illegal Practices; and that the said Sir Matthew White Ridley, by himself and his Agents, and other Ways and Means on his Behalf, or at his Charge, after the Telle and issuing out of the Writ, and during the said Election, did give, present, or allow, or engaged and agreed to give, present, or allow, to divers Persons having, or claiming to have, Voices or Votes in the said Election, Money, Rewards, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, or other Provision, in order to be elected for the said Town; and that, by such Means as aforesaid, many Persons were corrupted and procured to vote at the said Election for the said Sir Matthew White Ridley, who otherwise would have voted for the said Andreto Robinson Bowes and Thomas Delaval; and that the said Sir Matthew White Ridley, by himself and others on his Behalf, did also by Money, Gifts, or Rewards, or by Promises, Agreements, or Securities for Money, Gifts, or other Rewards, and by other corrupt, undue, and illegal Practices, corrupt and procure several Persons, having, or claiming to have, a Right to vote in such Election, to forbear to give their Votes, and that such Persons would otherwise have voted for the said Andrew Robinson Bowes and Thomas Delavaland that the said Sir Matthew White , and his Agents and others on his Behalf, procured many of the Persons who voted for him at the said Election to give their Voices for him by Menaces and Threats, and also intimidated others by Menaces and Threatsfrom voting for the said Andrew Robinson Bowes and Thomas Delaval; and that several Persons were permitted by the Returning Officer to vote at such Election for the said Sir Matthew White Ridley who had not a Right to vote, and several of the Burgesses of the said Town, who had a Right to vote, and of His Majesty's loyal Subjects in the said Colonies, or for defeating the dangerous Designs of our Enemies;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Orders of the Day be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas fMr* Robhlfon> I , 2f)

I ellers for the i eas^ S

Tellers for the Noes fMr‘ Toicnjhend, i

tellers iortne rsoes^\jr jfy„g . j J79-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- ,ni ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ca,*‘ House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Strength of die Aran.

Ordered, That Colonel Barrehave Leave to make a Accountrf Motion, it being near Two of the Clock on k'Fea.ve

Morning.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Effectives, Rank and File, in His Majesty's Service, according to the la(t Returns.

And then the House adjourned till this Day,

Twelve of the Clock.

Jovisy 130 die Decetnbris;

Anno 22* Georgii III. Regis, 1781.

offered to give their Votes for the said Andrew Robinfoti Bowes and Thomas Delaval, were not allowed to vote; and that by such Means, and by Means of other illegal and undue Practices, a Majority of Votes was obtained by the said Sir Matthew White Ridley, but that the Ma-

jority of legal Votes was in Favour of the said Andrew Robinson Bowes and Thomas Delaval; that the Return of the said Sir Matthew White Ridley is therefore a great Injustice to the Petitioners, and a Violation of the Freedom of Election: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 12th Day of February next, at the same Time that the Petition of Thomas Delaval, ' Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration. Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the lothand 1 ith Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent *4 to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Motion was made, and the Question being propo-fed, That it is the Opinion of this House, that the War carried on in the Colonies and Plantations of North America has proved ineffectual either for the Protection

MR. Marsham reported from the Committee, to Dartfflrli whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed &c. to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Rc*is. First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering more effectual several " Acts, passed in the Tenth Year of her late Majesty " Queen Ann, in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty " King George the First, and in the Eleventh Year of " his late Majesty King George the Second, for enlarge * ing, amending, andmaintaining the Road from " ford to Northjlcet and Gravesend, and from Gravesend to Chalk, and from Northfleet to Chalk, and from thence to The Stone's End, near the Parish Church of " Stroud, in the County of Kent;" and also the Petition of several Trustees, appointed to put into Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled;

" An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three " Acts, passed in the First, Ninth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King " the Second, for repairing and enlarging the Road " leading from the House called The Sign the,

" in the Parish of Saint Margaret in , to

" Maidstone, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent,'' were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with; but that Notice was given of the Intention of applying to Parliament for a Renewal of the said Act, in the Kentish Gazette, published on the 13th, Jhe ?oth, and the 27th of October last, and also in The Daily Advertiser, published in London on the 15th, the 22d, and the 29th of October last, and that the like Notice, in Writing, was also sent to all the Justices of the Peace for the Western Division of the said County (being the

Trustees

1

22 Geo. III. i$h Decembr 6ij

Trustees for carrying the said Act of the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty into Execution) in the Month of October last; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said first-mentioned Petition, the said Act of the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty was read: And,

William Tioopeny, Junior, being examined, said, That

the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the said Act, which has been expended according to the Directions thereof: That the Sum of fi. 3,500 now remains due; which Money

cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in effectual Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and some further Powers given.

To prove the Allegations of the said last mentioned Petition, the said Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty was read: And,

The said William Tioopenybeing further examined, said. That there is a very steep high Hill, called Hill, in the said Road between and

and that it would be of great Benefit and Safety to Travellers if the Course of the fai l Road was altered, so as to avoid the said Hill; but that the Tolls arising by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, are not sufficient to defray the Expence of making such Alteration, and of carrying the Act into Execution.

And the Witness further said. That if the Course of the Road at Boxley Hill was altered as before-mentioned, many Personstravelling between London and Maidstone might be induced to pass through who at

present do not chuse to travel that Road on account of Boxley Hill; whereby the Tolls collected upon the Road between Rochester and Chalk would be increased.

That the Trustees acting under the last mentioned Act, have made Application to the Trustees acting under the first-mentioned Act, and represented to them the great public Utility of altering the Course of the Road as aforesaid, and the Benefit that might arise to the Road under their Care by such Alteration; alleging, at the same Time, that they were unable to defray the Expence attending that Work. And the Witness added. That the Trustees acting under the first-mentioned Act, having taken the Matter into Consideration, are desirous that the said Road between Maidstone and Rochester thou hi be altered as aforesaid, and are willing to allow the Trustees acting under the last mentioned Act, such annual Sum of Money as the Surplus of the Tolls (after defraying all Expences attending the Execution of the said first-mentioned Act) thall amount unto, not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to be applied in altering the Course of the said Road at Boxley Hill, and in defraying the Expences of carrying the said last mentioned Act into Execution,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act of the First Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from

to North fleet, and other Roads in the County of and for allowing an annual Payment out of the Tolls arising upon the said Roads, to the Trustees for the Care of the Road leading from Rochester to Maidstone, in the said County, to be applied for the Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. Marsham and Mr.

Filmer Iioneywood do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

Mr Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom (Salley the Petition of Charles De Laet, Esquire, George Byng, Corner, &c. Esquire, William Baker, Esquire, and Humphry - R°a<l. thorpe, Esquire, on Behalf of themselves and others,

Trustees appointed by and under several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield Chafe, in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill, in the County of Hertford, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk'sTable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Agreement entered into between the Right honourable James Earl of Salisbury and the Trustees appointed by or under the said Acts, for turning and altering a Part of the said Road lying near the Town of Hatfield, and within the Districts in the said Acts mentioned, was produced, and proved to your Committee.

And a Member present informed your Committee,

That if the above Alteration is effected in the Manner ' mentioned in the said Agreement, it.will be equally convenient to the Public, and not be any Disadvantage to the Trust.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to confiim, and carry into Execution, certain Articles of Agreement entered into between the Right honourable James Earl of Salisbury and the Trustees appointed by and under several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Comer, adjoining to Chace, in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford fifill, in the county of;

and for turning and altering the said Road, in the Manner mentioned in the said Agreement: And that Mr. Plumer, Mr. Halsey, the Lord Fairford, and the Lord Melbourne, do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

Ordered, That I-eave be given to bring in a Bill for Regulating the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while the Marine on Shore: And that Mr. Stephens and Mr. Penton do foKeu prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Kenrick presented to the House, pursuant to Ordnance their Address to His Majesty, Estimate,

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1782, Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Voz,. 3S

ESTIMATE

6iS

13® Decembris.

A. l'j 814

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance fur the Year 17S2.

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Storehouses, Magazines, Barracks, Platforms* Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Salaries, and incident Charges

~ Gibraltar - -

North Britain - w . - -

Minorca - -

Pay of Civil

St. John's and Placentia in Newfoundland

/ or. tonns an

Offccers and ( Raft Florida ——

Artificers at ....

New York - t

Halifax ——

Pay of the Corps of Engineers -

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, confiding of 5,356 Men, Officers included -

Establishment of the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich ——

Establishment of the Laboratory at Woolwich ——

Fay of Master Gunners at the several Garrifops in Great Britain, and of the Gunners at St. James's Park, and die Tower of London -

An Allowance in lieu of Coals and Candles to the Master Gunners and Gunners of the several Garrisons in Great Britain - - - . - '

Establishment of Masters and Draughtfmen in the Tower of London f

To Major General Sam1 Cleaveland, in Consideration of his good Services To Major General Wm Roy, Engineer, for surveying the Coasts of Great Britain, and the adjacent Blands thereto belonging ——

To Lieut. Colonel Hugh Debbieg, Engineer, for his good Services on several extraordinary

Ocfcdfions -....

To Major General Joseph Bronte, in Consideration of his good Services in Flanders and Germany - -

To Captain William Congreve, in Consideration of his good Services -To Lieut. Colonel Matthew Dixon, Director of Engineers, in Consideration of his good Services ——

Pay to Captain Thomas Blomefield, Inspe6kor of Rrafs and Iron Ordnance, and to his Alfiflant and Clerk -

To Lieut. Colonel Jdhn Brewfe, Engineer, in Consideration of his long and faithful Services in the West Indies, North America, and other Places ——

Pay to Captain William Congreve, as Superintendant, and to the Modeller and Clerk of Military Machines, used in the Service of the Artillery ——

To Lieut. Thomas Hyde Page, Engineer, in Consideration of his good Services and distinguished Behaviour in North America, pursuant to His Majesty's Warrant -

Fay Of superannuated and disabled Officers and Men who have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, Germany, North America, Africa, the East and West Indies, with the Half Pay of Officers reduced, and Widows Pensions . - -

£ X T R A1S RDINARIE8,

Pay of a Military Company of Artificers Serving in the Garrison of Gibraltar

Towards repairing thfe St. John's, Ferry land, Carboniere, and Trinity

fications, Barracks, Store-( i|arb in i

houses, and carrying on the i Placentia - - - . .

current Service at j

For additional Works, Barracks, Wharf, and Casemates, at St. John's Netvfoundland ——

For keeping in Repair the Fort at Arderfeer, and other Fortifications and . Barracks in Scotland ——

Towards inclosing and fortifying the Dock Yard at Porffmouth For keeping in Repair the Fortifications in the Portsmouth Division Towards completing a Fort with Barracks at Kicker Point -For necessary Repairs of the Fortifications and Buildings in the Plymouth

Division - ....

for erecting Redoubts, Blockhouses, and sundry new Works to strengthen the Fortifications at Plymouth, and in the Plymouth Division -

a,247

500

400

s. d. 15 10

5,005 J ——

3,000 ——

17,568 ——

i3*>53 ——

12,266 — - —

4.629 ——

23,022 — —

£ ».

36,092 7 6

876 ——

171 5 _

1^91 2 6 1,149 >5 —

657 ~ — 813 10 — 328 10 — 520 2 6 9,5 >4 6 8 146,845 11 8

1,644 5 —

852 5 _

2,144 7 6

934 —

2,563 7 6

91. 5 —

365 - -

365 ——

182 10 —

*82 10 —

I82 io — 484 i5 — 182 10 — 219 - — 182 10 —

n,668 — .

220,539 5 10

To

22 Geo. III.

130 Decembris.

' O s‘

To com pleat the new Works on the Heights - 6,000 —

To compleat a new Ponder Magazine at Dover ----- 4,000 — -

For necessary Repairs of the Fortifications and Buildings in the Cinque Ports

Division ----- ----- - 1,000 — -

To compleat the new Works for Defence of the Dock Yard at 6,000 — -

For repairing and making an additional Strength to the Powder Magazine

at Sheerness - - 2,000 — -

For the Preservation of the Breakwaters at - 500 —

To compleat the additional Barracks for the Garrison at Sheerness - 1,500 — -

To reform the Works, make Wells, and for the necessary Repairs at

Sheerness - -- 3,500 — -

To compleat the Reform of the Works and the additional Batteries at

Grave fend and Tilbury Fort - 4,000--

For necessary Repairs of the Buildings at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort 500 — To compleat the new Works at Landguard Fort - 9,000 — -

For necessary Repairs, and making Wells at Landguard Fort and Hanoick 1,500 — -

To erect the several Batteries for Defence of Yarmouth Roads - - 7,000--

l*owards erecting Field Works at Harwich - 2,000 — -

Towards compleating Chatham Lines ----- - 20,245 ""* -

Towards erecting new Works South of Chatham - 19,598 — -

For Repairs of the Barracks at Chatham ----- - 1,000 — -

To make Fafcines for maintaining the Poll on Pleydon Heights, near Rye 5*5 — -

Towards inclosing the Works at Liverpoole ----- 500 — -

Towards erecting new Buildings in the Warren at Woolwich - - 2,000 — -

To purchase a Wharf, and erect a Powder Magazine at Woolwich - - 4,130 — - -

To compleat the new Fort for the better Defence of Castle Cornet, in the

Island of Guernsey, pursuant to His Majesty's Order, 23 March 1780 j 2,000-

For erecting Batteries for Defence of The of Man - 1.872 — -

Pay of Engineers, Officers, Condu6tors, Artificers, and Drivers, with the several Trains of Artillery attending His Majesty's Forces in North America and the West Indies - -- -- - 21,507 12

Towards defraying Contingencies of the Trains of Artillery in North

America and the West Indies - 70,000 —

Towards defraying the Hire of Transports in the Service of this Office 137,119 14 Charge of keeping the Barges, with their Tackling, Sic. in Repair, and for paying the Bargemen- and others, employed in maintaining the Communication between Gravesend and Tilbury - 7,091 — -

A Supply of Timber, Intrenching Tools, and other Stores, ordered to be

sent to Gibraltar - -- - - -- - 23,292 15

Iron Ordnance and Stores ordered to be sent for Defence of Portsmouth 8,993 3

C The Isle of Man (new Works) - - - 2,558 2

Iron Ordnance and Stores J Chatham - - Ditto - 3,353 10

ordered for Defence of j Sheerness - - - - 2,570 8

[Dover - - (new Works) - - - 6,915 4

To pay for 410 Tons of Salt Petre, agreed to be purchased - - 49,200 — -

d.

Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, pursuant to His Majesty's Orders, and not provided for by Parliament, in 1781.

Money iflhed to answer Bills of Exchange, drawn for carrying on the current Service at Halifax, in Nova Scotia -To Lieut. Thomas Hyde Page, Engineer, in Consideration of his good Services and distinguished Behaviour in North America, from 1 January to 31 December 1781, pursuant to His Majesty's Warrant -

Pay of superannuated and Half Pay Officers, and others, to 31st December 1781- - -

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange drawn by the Paymaster to the Trains of Artillery in North America and the West on Account of the Staff and Contingencies in 1781 -

Money sent to the Paymaster at New York, on account of the Staff and Contingencies of the several Trains of Artillery in North America On account of the Hire of Armed Transports to carry Stores to North America, the West Indies, Africa, and the Mediterranean Value of Armed Store Ships taken by the Enemy -Money issued to answer Bills off Quebec ——

Exchange, drawn for carrying!East Florida -

on the current Service and j West Florida -

Contingencies at [New York -

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange drawn for Works at West Florida, pursuant to His Majesty's Order, 8th July 1778 - -

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange drawn for Service at Goree Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange drawn on account, for erecting Barracks in the Island of St.Lucia -

Arms delivered to the Royal Regiments of Horse and Grenadier Guards, ift and 2d Regiments of Dragoon Guards, Three Regiments of Dragoons, One Vol. 98. 7T new-rajfed

c s. d.

4,610 1 L u 1

182 10 —

629 9 3

20,091 *5 4

*2>955 — —

14 3

25,722 4 4

1,412 10 —

*>563 5 4

2,611 1 7

4,466 4 5

7>656 12 3

108 12

2,287 — >

619

£- s- d-

524,662 7 2

A. 1781.

620

13° Decembris.

new-raised Regiments of Light Dragoons, the ThreS Regiments of Fool Guards, the Royal Regiment of Artillery, and to sundry Regiments, and Seventy-three new-raised Independent Companies of Foot,.pursuant to His Majesty's Warrants 30 March, 3i August, 17 and 30 15 November

and 30 December, 1780; 27 and 31 10, 27, and 28 February, 16

and 31 March, 7, 8, and 20 April, 11, 12, 22, and 28 , 9 and 29 June,

11, 18, 21, and3i July,21, 24, 30 a.nd 31 August, 25, 27, and 29 September, 8, 23, 24, 25, and 29 October, 1781 .

Arms and Accoutrements delivered to the Militia of the Counties of Buckingham, Berks, Carmarthen, Devon, Derby, Denbigh, Essex, Gloucester, Glamorgan, Huntingdon, Hants, Lincoln, Kent, West Middlesex, Monmouth, Montgomery, Radnor, Salop, Suffolk, Somerset, Westmoreland,

York, The Isle of Wight, waA Anglesea, pursuant to His Majesty's Warrants

and Orders 10 February,26 April,27 and 30 December 1780; 31 January,

10 February, 13 and 16 March, 7 and 20 April, n, 12, and 25 May, 21 and 29 June, 6 and 31 July, 9, 14,. 22, 23, 24, and 30 August, 1781 Ammunition delivered to Regiments and Corps of Militia for Exercise, pursuant to Mis Majesty's Order 18 May'1763 An additional Supply of Ammunition delivered to the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, pursuant to His Majesty's Warrants 30 April, n May, and 29 June 1781 -

Ammunition delivered for Use of sundry Regiments and Recruits ordered on Foreign Service -Ammunition delivered to sundry Associations - . -

Tents supplied sundry Regiments at Home and Abroad, pursuant to His Majesty's Warrants 28 November and 27 December 1780, 28 February, 16, 17, and 27 March, 7, 10, 1 1, and 12 % 11, and 12 and 16

June 1781 - -

Tents supplied sundry Regiments and Corps of Militia, pursuant to His Majesty's Warrants 31 March, 3 and 11 May, and 19 June, 1781 Money iflfued to answer Bills of Exchange drawn on account of the Blockade of Gibraltar, and for carrying on Jhe current Service there, by Order of the Governor -

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange drawn on account of repairing the Fortifications, Barracks, Storehouses, and carrying on the current Service at Minorca -

Brass Howitzers, Iron Ordnance, Powder, and other £. s. d. 1

Stores, supplied the Garrison of Gibraltar - - 13,110 8 11

A Supply of Stores to replace those loft on Board the Esther Store Ship driven on the Goodwin Sands, in her.

Voyage to Gibraltar ----- - 2,547 2 1

Brass Ordnance and Stores sent to New York, pursuant to His Majesty's Order 7th September 1781 - -

t New York, pursuant to His Majesty's Orders A Supply of Small Arms j 3 January and 22 May 1781

sent to i Georgia, pursuant to D° 3 August 1781

\ ( Istand of Si. John, per D* 14 February 1781 -

A Supply of Stores, Artificers Tools, and Materials, demanded and sent for Service of the Field Train, and Armed Vessels on the several Lakes in Canada, for the Year 1781, pursuant to his Majesty's Order 21

13.843 7 8

s. d.

2»424 3 4

31,494 6 11

30,64a 8 1

December 1780 A Supply of Barrack Bedding, demanded and sent to Ca-for the Year 17 81, pursuant to His Majesty's Order.

21 December 1780 ——

A Supply of Iron Ordnance, Powder, Shot, Small Arms and other Stores,'demanded and sent for Service of the Garrison of Quebec, for the Year 1781, pursuant to His Majesty's Order 21 December 1780 - -

Brass and Iron Ordnance and Stores, demanded and sent to Halifax, in Nova Scotia -

Intrenching Tools and Stores sent to St. John's Newfoundland, for Service of the Works for the Year 1781 ——

A Supply of Stores sent to Placentia, in Newfoundland, for the Year 1781 Iron Ordnance and Stores sent for Defence of Turk's Island Brass Ordnance and Stores sent to the Bland of St. Lucia, per His Majesty's Order 8 December 1780 * -

Brass and Iron Ordnance and Stores sent for Defence of the Bland of Gorec, pursuant to His Majesty's Order 23 May 1781 - -

Erafs Mortars, Iron Ordnance, and Stores, sent for Defence of the Forts and Settlements under the Management of the Committee of Merchants trading to Africa, pursuant to His Majesty's Order 30 May 1781 Brass and Iron Ordnance and Stores for a Battering and Field Train of Artillery sent on Foreign Service, with the Pay of Officers, Artificers; and Attendants, from 1 December 1780 to 31 December 1781, pursuant to His Majesty's Warrant - - - -.

Brass Ordnance and Stores sent for Defence of the Eland of Jersey, with a Supply of Barrack Bedding for Use of the Troops - -

13,269 5 IO

3.394 17 "

709 12 11

271 12 6 450 13 3

11,639 15 — 6,087 13 10

30,377 12 — 4,909 18 -15,657 11 —

422 17 2

45,034 16 8

790 ——

764 12 10

47,761 17 11

2,071 14 8

353 15 55* 5 6

1,960 17 10 i1,865 19 11

M53 7 2

8,261 17 2

21,602 7 7

4,691 5 —

s

Ammunition

22 Geo. III.

13° Decembris.

6 21

Iron Ordnance and Stores sent for Defence of

Ammunition sent to the Island of Guernsey for Service of the Garrison and Militia, also a Supply of Tents for the Detachment of ArtilWy there ——

Barrack Bedding sent to Clifford's Fort for Use of the loth Regiment of Foot ——

Intrenching Tools demanded and sent to for Service of the new

Works there - -

Fishguard Portreath - -

Plymouth (Mount -

Broad Stairs - -

Malden - -

Loivefoffe - - - -'

Aldborough ——

Fingrinhoe ——

Landguard (new Works) - - - *

Harwich ——

Scarborough ——

Bamborough Castle -

Sunderland ——

Leith ——

Bamff -

Isle of /nc/r Garvie -

Dunbar -

Arbroath ——

Brass Howitzers, Iron Ordnance, and Stores, sent to , for the new Works there ——

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange drawn on account of the new Works at Lerwick, in Shetland - - '

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange drawn on account for erecting a Battery at the North Queen's Ferry, on the Firth of Forth, and on the Island of Inch Garvie -

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange drawn on account of Works, and for the Purchase of Stores, for Defence of the Islands o and Nero Providence -

Pay of Superintendents and Crews, and vi6lualling the fame, on Board the Britannia and Hibernia Hulks, employed as floating Batteries, for the Defence of Dublin Harbour, from i January to 31 December 1781 *

Iron Ordnance and Stores for arming the Hawk and Humber Hulks, em ployed as floating Batteries, for Defence of the River Humber, with the Pay of the Superintendents and Crews, and victualling the fame, from 1 July to 31 December 1781, pursuant to His Majesty's Order 10 March 1781 -

Pay of Officers and Artificers on the Artillery Staff in England, from 1 January to 31 December 1781

Hire of Horses, Conductors, and Drivers, attending the Battalion-Guns and Trains of Artillery, from 1 January to 31 December 1781 -Charge of Tents, Camp Equipage, and Incidents Hire of Horses for the Train of Artitlery attending His Majesty's Forces in Scotland, from 5th September 1780 to ift January 1781 -

Paid on account of the new Fort erecting for the better Defence of Castle Comet, in the Island of Guernsey, in the Year 1781 - -

f Gravesend and Tilbury Chatham -

Sheerness -

Dover -

Landguard Fort - Plymouth, Pendennis,

Paid on account of Fortifications, Barracks, Storehouses, and carrying on the current Service at St. John's Newfoundland, in the Year 1780 Paid on account of keeping the Barges, with their Tackjing, Sc. in Repair, and for Wages of Bargemen and others, employed in maintaining the Communication between Gravesend and Tilburt/ -To pay the East India Company for 3,100 Tons of Salt Petre, delivered by them in Advance over and above the Quantity of 500 Tons they are obliged by their Charter to furnish Annually - «v - -

4,982

51.830

3.P93

s.

l9

10

dA

Paid on account of sundry new Works to strengthen the Fortifications at

£ s. d.

4 3

*54 9 2

5>96a 7 2

401 12 5

318 12 2

127 10 2

C3S *5 7

258 3 11

081

365

516

8*035

241

580

156

823

126

380

874

3

343

*7

3

io 11 8 10 8 3 13 7

13 —

19 7

5 9

12 —

18 8

12 6

3>983 4 2

,025 6 —

1,365 4 a

956 7

2,ida 14 6

*4 3-

60,806 15 —

3*6 ——

9*437 18 3 4.328 .3 8

3,637 8 1

10,360 18 9

*.895 ——

10,195 10 7

13,687 14 1

8,969 8 6 1,806 2 11 j 241,565 8 1

899»723 1

1,644,925 9 —

Aniherjt. Charles Frederick. H. Strachey. J. Kenrick,

Vol. 38.

Ordered,

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Supply Bill; Duties on Malt, &c.

Navy Extras.

622 i^ — i^Decenibrls. A. 1781*

Ordered, That the said Fftimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great for the Ser-

vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two;

Ordered, That it be au Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit!

Ordered, That it bean InfiruClion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax of the Year 1780, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1-782.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refuined the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two j

Ordered, That it be an Inflru6iion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to direct that the Deficiency, which shall be on the 251b Day of March 1782, of the Incomesof the Duties on Malt granted for the Year 1780, to satisfy Principal and interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Y'ear 1782.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Veneris, 14* die

Anno 21* Georgii HT11 Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, faun*

An Account of the Effectives and Non-Effectives,

Rank and File, in His Majesty's Service, according to the last Returns.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account isasfolloweth; vis.

An ACCOUNT of the Effectives and Non-Effectives, Rank and File, in His Majesty's Service, a*

cording to the last Returns, — 14th December 1781.

RANK and FILE.

British and Foreign

War-Office,

14th December 1781.

C.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums of Money laid out on the Head of Extra of the Navy, between the 31st of December 1780, and the 31st of December 1781; distinguishing

/ — ' \

Effectivei. Non-Effe&ivej.

» 128,230 26,490

the several Ships and Services on which the same have been expended.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the SuppifJ

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for I. granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made

to

ipply Bill;

Duties on Malt, &c.

Ifinfterworth

Ham

Allotment*

21 GfcO. III. I4d Decentbris. 62$

to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ord (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, ih at the Clerk's Table: "Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Chai'les Baof in the Parish of Minsterworth, in the County of

Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Minsterivorlh aforesaid, and Owner offeveral considerable Estates there, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That within the said Parish and Manor there is a Common Meadow, called Minjierworth Ham, confiding of upwards of Three Hundred Acres, over which the Owners of several Estates in the said Parish and Manor have a Eight of Common yearly, from the 14th Day of to the 13th Day of February ensuing (when the said Meadow is hained up) in certain known Proportions, ascertained at the Time when the said Commons were originally apportioned and granted out; and that there are certain other Common Rights upon the said Meadow, belonging to younger Children of Copyholders within the said Manor, called Birthrights, and others belonging to all the Owners of the Copyhold Estates there, which are called Suits; and that the said Meadow is bounded on the South by a large Reen Ditch, and on the East by the River Severn, which sometimes in Summer, in high Tides, overflows the fame, to the great Detriment of the Patture, particularly by leaving great Part of the Middle thereof, which lies lowed, very wet and swampy; and that the said Meadow is liable to great Encroachments, from beingbounded on the North and West Parts thereof by several inclosed Pasture Grounds, which have Communication therewith, and from whence, as well as from the Right of taking ©ut and exchanging Cattle, Horses, ayd Sheep, and the Gates being obliged to be open, the said Meadow is liable to be surcharged, and other Inconveniences happen; and that the Petitioner has frequently drove the said Meadow, and as frequently found it overstocked; and that, in hopes of (topping such illegal Practices, he has been engaged in divers expensive Suits at Law, and other disagreeableCircumstances have arisen therefrom; and he now finds it utterly impossible, from the Situation of the said Meadow, and from Want of knowing the Number of the Commons that are let, and the Persons to whom the same are let, totally to prevent its being furchaged; and that the Petitioner hath, at his own Expence, caused Sea Walls to be made, to prevent, in some Measure, the said Meadow being overflowed; and also permitted a large Drain to be made through some of his Lands, whereby the Value of the said Common Rights has been greatly enhanced; and that the Petitioner has Reason to believe, that the Vol. 38.

Number of Bead Pastures upon the said Meadow have, since the first Allotment thereof, been very considerably encreased, arising, as he apprehends, from some of the Estates in the Parish having been divided, and Supernumerary Commons granted, or referred, upon such Divisions and Subdivisions, which it is not in the Power of the Lord of the Manor to prevent, by reason the Freeholds are conveyed without his Privity; and that, from the great Number of Cattle turned upon the said Meadow, the Banks thereof, next the River, are greatly trod down, and the Meadow frequently overflowed, to the great Loss of the Petitioner, and others entitled to Common Rights: And that the Petitioner, exclusive of his Manerial Right, has One Half of the legal Commou Rights upon the said Meadow, which; for the Reasons before dated, he cannot always find Tenants for; and that the Property in Common Rights of much the greater Part of the other Proprietors, is too small to admit of a general Allotment and Inclosure of the said Meadow; but the Petitioner apprehends, that if au Allotment therefrom was made to him, in due Proportion to his Right, anew and very useful and fubftautial Drain might be made, and the interior Parts of the Meadow, now the most liable to be overflowed from the Severn, might be drained and improved, and all fraudulent Surcharges and Impositions in great Measure prevented,- and, by lessening so large a Proportion of Common Rights, be more easily discovered; and that the Petitioner, or Persons in Trust for him, being seised of more than Three Parts in Four of the several Copyhold Estates in the said Parish, is willing to relinquish all Personal Rights, called Birthrights, which can accrue therefrom, for the Benefit of the Commoners at large; and that the greatest Part of the Lands in the said Parish consist of very small Inclosures, and Pieces of Land very remarkably intermixed, and it would be of great Utility and Convenience, if the Proprietors thereof were enabled, when they think proper, to make Exchanges of their respective Properties therein, which at present, from the different Tenures of their Estates, some of them are unable to do: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making an Allotment to him from the said Meadow in Manner aforesaid, and for effecting the other useful Purposes above mentioned.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Earl of Surrey, Mr. Elwes, and Sir Codring-

ton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid besot'e this House, an Account of the Quantities of Woollen Goods ofall Sorts exported from Great Britain during the Seven Years preceding Christmas last; distinguishing the different Years, and the Ports from whence the Goods have been shipped, and for what Places Abroad the Entries have been made; and also an Estimate of the Value of such Woollen Goods, as nearly as can be judged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Irish Woollen Yarn imported into Great Britain, during the Seven Years preceding Christmas last; distinguishing the different Years in which the same have been imported.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, aft Account of the Quantities of Spanish and Vicunha Wool, imported into Great Britain during the same Period.; distinguishing the Ports into which the same have been imported.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Wool imported from Ireland into Great Britain during the same Period j distinguishing the Ports into which the same have been imported.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fdr 7U the

Account;

Woollen

Trade.

Laws respe&-ino ITonfes o( Correftian,

c

Poor Relief and Employment.

Laws respecting

Rogues and Vagabonds.

Supplf.

624 140 Decembri. 1781.

the amending and rendering more efTe/dual the Laws in being relative to Houses of Correction: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Coke of Derby, Sir Harbord,

the Lord Wejkote, Mr. Pochin, and Mr. Eliccs, do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Belief and Employment of the Poor: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Coke of Derby, Sir Harbord Harbord, the Lord H'ejlcote, Mr. Pochin, and Mr. zves, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, the several Laws in being relative to Rogues, Vagabonds, Beggars, and other idle and disorderly Persons: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Coke of Derby, Sir Harbord Harbord, the Lord Westcole, Mr. Pochin, and Mr. Ehoes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itfejf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, including those in and Jersey,

from 25th December 1781 to 24th December 1782, both iuclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of General and General- Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1782, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from 25th December 1781 to 24th December 1782, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1782, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Artillery for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1782, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain, and of Four Regiments of Fencible Men in North Britain, from 25th December 1781 to 24th December 1782, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Clothing for the Embodied Militia in Bi'itain, for the Year 1782, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of a Regiment of Light Dragoons and Two Regiments of Foot, from 24th September 1781 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 92 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, T[\Q.t the Estimate of the Charge of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, Seven Battalions and a Detachment of Foot, for Service \xx East India, from 25th December 1781 to 24th December 1782, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Return of Captain Bridge's Independent Company, as inspected by Major General Maxwell, 5th September 1781, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Weekly Return of the Independent Companies at Chatham Barracks, 23d September 1781; Armstrong's, Mallet's, Ryan's, Honeyborn's, Fea-Ihcrfone's, Brozone's, Pyne's, Ballmers, T. G. Browne!9, Ord's, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the State of the Independent Companies at Hilfea, Gosport, and h September

1781; Beacroft'?, Bailly's, Douglas's, Fuller's, Cole's,

S. Campbell's, Warren's, Freer's, s A. Campbell's, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Return of Captain James Aber-cromby's Independent Company, 27 th September 1781, as inspected by Colonel Stanton, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Return of Captain Fitzgerald's Independent Company, as iuspected by Major General Maxwell, 13th October 1781, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Weekly State of the Independent Companies at Gofpnrf, 17th November 1781; Mall's, Garden's, Lynch's, Stanley's, Humphry's,

North's, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Weekly Return of the Independent Companies at Chatham Barracks, 18th November 1781; Thomas Jones's, Moore's, Browne's,

Blake's, and Rojs's, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Weekly Return of the Two Independent Companies at Deal, 19th November 1781; Callender's, Shellinglaw's, be referred to the said Com-iftittee.

Ordered, That the Weekly Return of Captain L. P.

Jones's Independent Company, Sheerness, 26th November 1781, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Weekly State of the Independent Companies at Portsmouth, Cumberland, Fort Havant, and Hilfea Barracks, 26th November 1781 , Cozce?i's, Seymour's, Ward's, Stirke's, Aldworlh's, Campbell!s, Saunders's, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Weekly Return of the Two Independent Companies at Dover, 2(itli November 1781 j GilleJ'pie's, Pringle's, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copies of Colonel Townsend's Reports on the Independent Companies raised in England, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copies of Major General Max*-zoell'sReports on the Independent Companies raised in Ireland, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may hav*

Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Men* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday 'Mom ing next. Ten of the Clock.

as Geo. III.

i?

Decembris.

6l5

Anno 22® Georgii III. Regis, 1781*

I*

[mine

Secretaries of State, or the Secretary at AVar, and the

L Utlis, 17° die Deccttlbris 5 Commanders in Chief, or Commissaries for Exchange of

Prisoners, in America, respecting the Exchange

or Release of Prisoners, since the 1 ft Day of January 1778.

Ordered, That the said Address he presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His

MR. Stephens presented to the House, according to Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore: And the same Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the was received; and read the First Time. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred

'RAVERS.

ly Bill; fra*.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great , for the Service

of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two.

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of I-and Forces, including Four thousand One hundred and Seventy-live Invalids, amounting to Forty-nine thousand Four hundred and Fifty-five Effective Men, Commission and Non-commisti oh

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Officers included, be employed for the Year One thoit-

ply Bill; ies on t. Sic.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing and granting to His Ma-

sand Seven hundred and Eighty-two.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committed, That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Two hundred Forty-two thousand Eight hundred and Thirty-live Pounds Two Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Forty-nine thousand Four hundred and Fifty-five Effetfive Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land jesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Forces in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, for the Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two,

champion

Roads.

*5 re-

Sling uses of rre&ion.

hundred and Eighty-two.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Minchin presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-

Roads leading to the Town of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Forty-three thousand Eight hundred and Forty Pounds and Six Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two.

That it is the Opinion of this Committee, third Year of his late Majesty, for repairing several That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Three hundred

~ — and Fifteen thousand Five hundred Twenty-three

Pounds Five Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted <0 His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Order, a Bill for tire amending and rendering more ef- Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, The West Indies, and

feftual the Laws in being relative to Houses of Correction: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

irKeliff Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Employ- Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Africa, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-six thousand and Seventy-four Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Four Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Five Hanoverian Battalions of Foot at Gibraltar.and Minorca, and for Provisions for the Three Battalions of the said Troops at Gibraltar, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That aSum, not exceeding Three hundred Sixty-seven

te-

Jtbonds.

thousand Two hundred and Three Pounds Nine Shil- Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to lings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for Order, a Bill for amending and rendering more effectual defraying the Charge of Thirteen thousand Four hun-the several Laws in beingrelativetoRogues, Vagabonds, dred and Seventy-two Men, of the Troops of the Land-Beggars, and other idle and disorderly Persons: And grave of Hejfe same I, in the Pay of Great Britain, to-

the same was received; and read the First Time, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Eminent.

ange of iners in tic*.

gether with the Subsidy, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-one thousand One hundred and Eight Pounds Eleven Shillings and One -Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Two thousand and Ninety-four Men, of the Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Troops of Hanau, in the Pay of Great Britain, togft-H is Majesty, that lie will be graciously plealed to ther with the Subsidy, pursuant to Treaty with the He-give Directions, that there be laid before this House, reditary Prince of for the Year One thoa*

Copies of all Correfpoudence between His Majesty's land Seven hundred and Eighty-two,

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Morning next.

Vol. 38.

Resolved,

Supply.

"1

Supply.

626 170 — 200 DecembrisA, 1781.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventeen thousand Four hundred Ninety-eight Pounds Three Shillings and Two Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of a Regiment of Foot of deck, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, pursuant to a Treaty with the Reigning Prince of IValdeck, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred

and Eighty-two.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety-three thousand Nine hundred Forty-seven Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Four thousand Three hundred Men, the Troops of the Reigning Duke of in the Pay

of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-three thousand Six hundred and Sixty-five Pounds Twelve Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of One thousand Five hundred and Fifty-nine Men of the Troops of the Margrave of bourg Anfpach, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-three thousand Eight hundred and Eighteen Pounds Eleven Shillings and Eleven Pence and One Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Nine hundred and Thirty-three Men of the Troops of Anhalt in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, pursuant to Treaty with the Reigning Prince of Anhalt Zerbf, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-five thousand Four hundred and Sixty-nine Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Provisions for the Foreign Troops serving in North America, in the Pay of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Four hundred Ninety-nine Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good a Deficiency in the Sums voted for the Troops of the Hereditary Prince of Hejfe Cajfd, in the Pay of Great Britain, being the Charge of an Augmentation to the said Troops, from the Sixth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one to the Twenty-fourth Day of December following.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Two hundred Eighty-two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good a Deficiency in the Sums voted for the Troops of the Margrave of Brandebourg Anfpach, in the Pay of Great Britain, being the Charge of an Augmentation to the said Troops, from the Second Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one to the Twenty-fourth Day of December following.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Nine hundred and Forty-two Pounds and Nineteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good a Deficiency in the Sums voted for the Troops of Anhalt in the

Pay of Great Britain, being the Charge of an Augmentation to the said Troops, from the Eighteenth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one to the Twenty-fourth Day of December following.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-seven thousand Six hundred Eighty-three Pounds and Fourteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of

Artillery for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Yeai1 One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred and Seventy-seven thousand Four hundred and Ninety-seven Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the several Counties in South and of

Four Regiments of Fencible Men in North Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred thousand Fire hundred and Ninety-four Pounds Seventeen Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Clothing for the Embodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-one thousand Three hundred Twenty-nine Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of a Regiment of Light Dragoons and-Two Regiments of Foot, from the Twenty-fourth Day of September One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, to the Twenty-fourth Day of December following.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-six thousand Two hundred Eighty Pounds Ten Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, on Account, for the Pay ne-celfary to be advanced to One Regiment of Light Dragoons, Seven Battalions and a Detachment of Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year One thousand Sevea hundred and Eighty-two.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to brin g in a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Mr. Secretary at War and Sir Charles Goidd do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon IVedncfdity Su^p';. the 23d Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon the Wm

23d Day of January next, resolve itself into a Com- asIMea mittee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Jovts, 20° die Decembris;

Anno 22* Georgii III^, Regis, 1781.

Prayers.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Hett:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply !3 for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to 1-u.J u be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two without any Amendment: And also.

The

22 Geo. III.

ao° Decembris.

oto Bills

tit-s on It, tcc.

?r'cn; to detain ected oiis-

ler's- a*»d

ribergs

*Jac.

ton, &c. Roads*

Tenbury

Roads*

6 27

Tim Ixirds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further continuing an Act, mode in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to impower His Majesty to secure and detain " Perfbiis charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of " High Treason, committed in any of His Majesty's " Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High " Seas, or the Crime of Piracywithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Harry Meier and Herman Diederick lit I berg; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Alderman Harley prefen ted to the Mouse, according to Order, a Bill for amending and keeping in Re>-pair the Roads leading from the Willerjley Turnpike Road near Parian, to MonktandMiland from the Tum-

pike Road on Farr Mile Field to the Turnpike Road at Broad Heath, and from the Turnpike Road at or near the Fords Bridge, to the Turnpike Road near,

and from Kyre Common to the Terupike Road at Grendon Green, in the Counties of Hereford and Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty KingGVorgetheSecond, intituled, ‘f An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-m pair, several Roads in and near to the Town of Ten-" bury, in the Counties of Salop, Worcester, and - ford," and also of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others of the said Counties, was presented to t he Hoofe, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which hath been applied in amending the said Roads; and that the Money borrowed cannot be paid oif, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and the "Foils thereby granted increased, and some further and other Powers granted for those Purposes; and that the Roads coip-prised in the said Act, and leading from a Gate called The KnoideGate, adjoining to the in the Par till

of Bin ford ,in the County of Salop, down a Lane called The Park Lane, by ThcRofeand to the Turnpike

Road leading from the Town of Ludlow towards the Town of Tenbury, in the County of Worcester, and from Team Bridge through the said Town of Tenbury, and a Lane called Prefi Acre Lane, and from thence through Sutton, to a Mill called Kyre in the said County of Worcester, and also the Road leading from the said Town of Tenbury through the Old Wood Lane, wad over the Old Wood Common, to The Raddle Bank and from thence

to Stockton Cross, in the County of Hereford, are in a ruin-

ous Condition, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, without the Aid of Parliament; and that it will be advantageous if, in the Renewal of the said Act, Provision is made for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road leading from The KnoideGate aforesaid, through the Parishes of Burford and over The Clee

Hill, to the Turnpike Road on the said Clee Hill, leading from the said Town of Ludlow to Cleobury Mortimer, in the said County of Salop; and also for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road leading from Kyre Mill aforesaid, through the Parish of Kyre, in the County of Worcester, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Bromyard, in the said County of Hereford, to the Town of Tenbury, in the said County of Worcester, the same being in a ruinous Condition,

Vol. 08.

narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law, and which last mentioned Roads communicate with, or lie near to, the first above-mentioned Roads comprised in the said recited Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several new or additional Roads before-mentioned, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Considerasrion. of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear ta-them, tofche House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday the 2ift-Day of January next, at Nine of the '

Clock in the Morning, in the Speaker's Chamber; and -have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Plumer presented to the House, according to Or- Galley Cor-der, a Bill to confirm, and carry into Execution, certain Articles of Agreement entered into between the Right honourable James Earl of Salisbury and the Trustees appointed by and under several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Comer, adjoining to Enfield Chafe, in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill, in the County of Hertford, and for turning and altering the said Road, in the Manner mentioned in the said Agreement: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refobed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

1

A Petition of several principal Merchants, Importers Seizure of of Foreign Spirits, of the City of London, whose Names SmuggM are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and-read; Setting forth. That for the more effectual Suppression of Smuggling, the Legislature has hitherto indulged the Revenue Officers with One Half of the Grofe Produce of all Contraband Goods seized by them, and condemned in His Majesty'sCourt of Exchequer, without subjecting them to the Duties payable on the Importation of such ' Goods; and that this Regulation, salutary in the Beginning, and wifely calculated to give Efficacy to the Revenue Laws, the Petitioners now find, from the Duties exceeding very considerably the first Colt of the Goods, is productive of contrary Effects, fervingas an Encouragement and Protection to the illicit Trader, while it operates as a Clog, and is a severe Grievance imposed on. the fair and regular Merchant; and that the gradual In- . crease of Duties, particularly on Foreign Spirits, has been such, that they now amount to Four Times the real Va-. lue to the Importer, and thus the Officer has a strong and too frequently an irresistible Temptation to harass the fair Trader by unjust Seizures, because the Value of the Object gives him the Means of using corrupt Influ-. ence to delay Redress, if not to obtain Condemnation, fd that the injured Proprietor may be obliged to submit to an expensive and shameful Compromise rather than contest his Rights on unequal Grounds, the Officer fereening himself under the Name of the Crown from all Expence and Risque, should a Prosecution follow, while at the same Time the Temptation isnoless strong, and has an evident Tendency to producecollufive Bargains between the Revenue Officer and the Contraband Trader, who can thus carry on his Business with Certainty and Profit at the Expence of the Revenue, and with every Advantage over the regular Merchant that corrupt Officers, by Prostitution of their Powers, can give to protest the one, and distress the other; and that the easy and obvious Remedy for this Grievance is to pass a Law, fub-jeding all Spirits seized and condemned in the Court of Exchequer to be font into the King's Stores as the sole Property of His Majesty, and Ten jier Cent, to be paid to the Officer on the estimated Value, which would be sufficient to induce those who aft uprightly to discharge

7 X their

20° Decembris.

628

j4. 1781.

their Duty with Zeal, and will fully answer the fn-ft In* tention of Government: And therefore praying for Re-dress, in that or such other Manner as to the House may appear more adequate to produce the desiredEf* fest.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Cattle Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to kiting Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of

Norfolk, in the room of John Chetwynd Talbot, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Duty on Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Servants vants. Tax, from Christmas 1780 to 1781; distin-

guishing the Number of Persons or Families that have returned only One Servant.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Pofi Horie Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Tax upon Poll Horses, from Christmas 1780 to Christmas 1781; distinguishing the Sums raised in the different Counties.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an RUU Duties. Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the additional Duties upon Malt, from Christmas 1780 to Christmas 1781; distinguishing the Sums arising from the different Counties.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Salt Duties. Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the additional Duties upon Salt, from Christmas 1780 to Christmas 1781; distinguishing the Sums arising from the different Counties.

Army 5 Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, accord-Wutiny snd jug to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defer-Dclertion. tjor|} an(jfor the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the 1 First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Answer to The Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the House, That Address for their Address of Monday last (that His Majesty would Papers. graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Copies of the Correspondence therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty bad commauded him to acquaint

this House, that lie will give Directions accordingly.

Royal A fleas A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis -

to Bill* ncux. Gentleman Uffier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourably House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended His Majesty, in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills, and One Private Bill, following;

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-. two;

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two:

An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to impower His Majesty to secure " and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the " Crime of High Treason, committed in any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, or on " the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy

An Act for naturalizing Henry Meier and Herman, Diederick Retberg.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Lanj xn rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the CommA* Commissioners appointed by an Act, made in the last m Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act for granting aa " Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in " Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one," and for ap-pointingother Commissioners, together with ihofe named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His l

Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, I

for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two; And that Sir Grey Cooper and Mr. Ord do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday the 21st Day of January next.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon - CJiiM day the 21st Day of January next. Hwfc*

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write circular Letters to the Sheriffs and Stewards of the several Counties of Great Britain, requiring the Attendance of the Members of this House upon Monday the 21 ft Day of January next.

Copies of which Letters are as follow;

From the House of Commons, the 20th December 1781.

SIR,

I am commanded by the House of Commons to acquaint you, That you are, immediately upon the Receipt of this, to summon the Representatives of your County, and Boroughs within the same, to attend their Service in Parliament on Monday the 21st Day of January next; and you are to give me an Account of the Receipt of this, and what yon have done thereon, upon Pain of incurring the Displeasure of the said House.

I am. Sir,

Your humble Servant,

C. W. Cornwall, Speaker.

From the House of Comtnons, the 20th December 1781.

My Lord,

I am commanded by the House of Commons to desire your Lordship, immediately upon the Receipt of this, to summon the Members of Parliament for the Cinque Ports, to attend their Service in Parliament on Monday the 21 ft Day of January next; your Lordship will also be pleased to give me an Account of the Re ceipt of this, and what you have done thereon.

I am, with the utmost Respect,

My Lord,

Your Lordship's Mod humble and obedient Servant,

C.IV. Cornwall, Speaker, To the Right honourable Frederick Lord North, Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports.

A Petition,

22 Geo. III. ao* Decembris — 21 629

rtition of A Petit ion, purporting to be the Representation arid Hcnry Prayer of Henry Laurens, a Native of South Carolina,

.aurens. forne Time recognized by the Commissioners in America by the Style and Title of " His Excellency " Henry Laurens, President of Congress," now a close JPrisoner in the Tower of London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Representer, for many Years, at the Peril of his Life and Fortune, ardently laboured toprelerve and lirengthen the ancient Friendship between Great Britain and the Colonies, and

that in no Instance he ever excited, on either Side, the Hilfentions which separated them; that the Commencement of the present War was a Subject of great Grief to him, in as much as he foresaw and foretold, in Letters now extant, the Distrefies which both Count lies experience at this Day , that, in the Rife and Progress of the War, he extended every Act of Kindness in his Power to Persons called Loyalists and Quietills, as well as to British Prisoners of War, very ample Proofs of which he can produce; that he was captured on the American Coast, first landed upon American Ground, where he saw Exchanges of british and American Prisoners in a Course of Negotiation, and that such Exchanges and Enlargements upon Parole ave mutually and daily practised in America ;that he was committed to the Tower on the 6th October 1780, being then dangerously ill; that in the mean Time he has in many Respects, particularly by being deprived (with very little Exception) of the Visits and Confutations of his Children, and other Relations and Friends, suffered under a Degree of Rigour almost, if not altogether, unexampled in in modern British History*, that, from Jong Confinement, the Want of proper Exercise, and other obvious Causes, his bodily Health is greatly impaired, and that he is now in a languifhingState: And therefore praying, That the House will condefceiid to take his same into Consideration, and, under proper Conditions and Restrictions, grant him Enlargement, or such other Relief as to the Wisdom and Benignity of the House shall seem fitting.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Monday the 21 ft Day of January next. Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Luna, 21° dieJanuarii;

Anno 22* Georgii Regis, 1782.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made E uer out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one.'*

Ordered, That there be laid befoi*e this House, art Ditto, Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills issued by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a further Sum " of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Eighty-one."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ditto. Account of the Monies raised at the Receipt of the Exchequer by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of an Act, palfed in- the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Maj .-fty to raise the " Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein " mentioned and to w hom the same were issued.

Mr. Mar (ham presented to the House, according to Dartford,*. Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act of the First Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Dartford to Northfleet, and other Roads, in the County of Kent; and for allowing an Annual Payment out of the Tolls arising upon the said Roads to the Trustees for the Care of the Road leading from Rochester to Maidstone, in the said County, to be applied for the Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Land Tax Order, a Bill for rectifying Mi(lakes in the Names of fe- Co^‘ °tr* veral of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the last SeUiuit of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act " for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax,

" to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one," and for appointing other Commissioners together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of tins S« (fion of Parliament, for granting an Aid to Hi- Maj< fty by a Land lax, to be raised in Great Britain, li >r the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two: And the same was received; and read the lirlt Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Prayers.

Account of rp H E House being informed that Mr. Marriott, Duty on A from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at Servant*, the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Gross and Nett Produce of the Duty on Male Servants, and also of the Number of Persons who have paid for only One Servant, from the 21st of May 1781 to the 5th of January 1782, for the London Part; and from the same Period to the 15th of December 1781, for the Country Part* being the last Returns made by the Collectors: And also.

Account of An Account of the Gross and Nett Produce of the Malt Duties. additional Duties Upon Malt, from Midsummer 1780 to Midsummer 1781; diliinguishing the Sums arising from the different Collections.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Vol. 38.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon HJndon the 6th Day of December last, for taking into Confi- SlcOion. deration, upon Friday the 15th Day of next,

the Petition of John Saunders, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 19th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

The House was moved. That the several Orders made upon the 3d and 12 th Days of December last, for taking w>on Tvns into Consideration, upon Tuesday the 12th Day cf S1*"on* bruary next, the Petition of Thomas Delaval, Esquire; and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Burgesses and Electors of the Town of Neucastle upon Tyne, on Behalf ot themselves and other Burgessesand Electors of the said

Town,

' .

6$o 21° Jamarii. 1782.

Towfl, severally complaining of an lindueEleftion and Return for the said Town, might be read.

And the said Ordors being read'accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken intbCon-sideration upon Friday the 15th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again font to the Parties; with Orders for their Attendance* accordingly.

Honiton The House was moved, That the several Orders Election. made Upon the 30th Day Of November and the 10th Day of December l&ft, for taking into Confederation, upon Friday the 8th Day of February next) the Petition of Alexander MacLeod, Esquire, andaifo the Pe-tfitfiori'of the federal Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Borough of Hojtitd/?, in the County Devon, federally comp&inirtgof an due FJe&ion and Return for the said? Borough, might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Confident?ion upon Tuesday the *2th Dfcy of February nett, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Graders' for their At tendance accordingly.

Account of The Hoofe being Informed thOt Mr. Tontkyns, from IExportsand Commrffloners of the Customs, attended at the r s* Door; he was Called in; and, at the Bar, preferred to the Hotrfe, pufrfuant to their Order of the 29th Day of November, in the last Session of Parliament,

An Account of all the Value of Goods, Wares, and Merchandiae, exported from, and imported into, that Part of Great Britain called England) from Christmas <779 to Christmas 1780; dHlinguishing each Place*

1 And then he withdrew.

A fid the Title of the fold Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do He upon the Table, to be pertifed by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Account of Ordered, That there be said before this House, an Ship* Account of the Number of Ships of the Line launched launched, between the ift of January 1756 and the ift of January 1782; distinguishing the Number launched in each Year, the Rates, and the Places where built.

Call of the The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, House. being read;

Ordered, Tirat the House be now called over.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go with the^Mace into the Speaker's Cham* bers, the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the Hoofe.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

And a Member returned upon a new Writ having A Member taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Decla* takes Oaths, ration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjura* tion; and1 having delivered in to the Clerk of the House^ an Account of his Qualification, and taken and fub*-feribed' the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The House was called over; and several of the Mem* Call of the bers appeared; and the Names of such Members as House, made Default to appear, were taken down.

And the Names of the Defaulters being called over, several of them appeared; and several of them were excused, some upon Account of their own Illness, or of the Illness of a near Relation, or as being in Parts beyond the Seas, or Abroad rn the Service of the Public.

Ordered, That the Names of such Members as have made Default to appear, and have not been excused, be again called over upon Thursday Sevennight, the 3tftDayof this lnstant January.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Forfar Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Forfar, in the room of the Right honourable William Earl Pctnmure in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased.

The Earr of Lifbumc, from the Commissioners for Nary Mi-executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great mate and Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Ad- S!l, Psbuii^ dress to His Majesty, ,ng*

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1782: Andaifo,

An Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1782.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof, and the other Estimate, are as followeth viz.

ABSTRACT

si Geo. III.

210 Januarii

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1781.

1.

2.

3-

4‘

6.

9-

10.

11.

12.

,3*

14.

15-

16.

*7-

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and Instruments, and Contingencies relating thereto -

Superannated Sea Officers -Pensions and other Allowances

> Yards.

£ 27,411 8,127 4,200

3.640

3.287

6,126

2,434

4,946

s.

>7

10

5

11 16

d. 2 } 8 1

Chatham -

Deptford -

Woolwich - -

Portsmouth - - 6,12b 10

Sheerness ----- --- 2,434 8 6

Plymouth - - - - 4,046 7 8

Mutter Matter, and other Officers of the Out Ports Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary - - - - - -

Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein - -

Charge of Harbour Moorings and Harbour Riggings -

Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty's Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, Buildings, 8C(f. ——

Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers - - '

Bounty to Chaplains ——

Ordinary Charge of Sick and Hurt Seamen ——

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1782 - - £.

£ s. d. 49,892 8 1

35.539 7 10

24.635 18 6

8,510 16 11

34*43* 6 8 16,151 5 —

33,85° — "

115,919 ——

78,000 - — 1,231 17 6

11,604 12 3

409,766 12 9

The Total of the Ordinary Estimate for the Year 1782, amounts to Four hundred and Nine thousand Seven

hundred und Sixty-six Pounds Twelve Shillings and Nine Pence.

1 <

Cha' Middleton, J. Will, Geo. Marjky

T. Brett, Edit? Hunt, E. Le Cras, Sam. Wallis.

0

Vol. 38.

7*

Navy

g

cg‘

<-h

n'

CD

CL

cr

Navy Office, 13th December 1781.

Atf ESTIMATE of the Charge what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1782; prepared pursuant to an Order of the honourable House of Commons, dated the 3d Instant.

Place where.

Deptford

Woolwich- -

Chatham -

Sheerness -Portsmouth -

Guns.

98

74

64

20

32

Sloop

14

98

50

32

74

98

74

64

60

58

3*

20

74

64

36

98

74

5°

74

64

Ships Names.

Impregnable -

Vanguard - -

Standard - -

Sphinx -

Clinton -

Thames - -

Hound -

Prince -

Europa -

Mermaid -

Winchelsea - - . -New....

yf/to -

Blenheim - -

Leviathan - -

9^/fa- - - - , .

Belleijlc - ~ -

Diadem -

Vigilant - -

Rippon -

Prince Edward - -

71/tfrr -

Camilla -

New -

Polyphemus -

New -

George - -

Bulwark - -

Leopard - -

Vengeance -

He dor -

Trident -

Nature of their Repair.

Building - -

Ordered to be built - *

Building -

Between Small and Middling Repair Between Small and Middling Repair Between Small and Middling Repair

Middling Repair -

Ordered to be built Building Building Large Repair Proposed to be set up

Building Large Repair Ordered to be built Small Repair Between Small and Middling Repair Building Small Repair Middling Repair -Proposed for an Hulk Small Repair Small Repair Proposed to be set up

Building

Proposed to be set up

Building Building Building Small Repair *

Small Repair-Small Repair

Time when may tic

Taken in Hand.

In Hand -

In Hand - -In Hand -

Uncertain - -

Uncertain - -

In Hand -

In Hand -In Hand -In Hand -

In Hand - -In Hand - -

Next Month-April next -In Hand - -

In Hand - -

May next

Uncertain Next Months

In Hand -

In Hand - -In Hand - -

In Hand - -In Hand - -

Next Month-Next Month *

Completed.

Septemper 1784 October 1783 -November next February next December next December next

December next

Uncertain - -

Uncertain Uncertain - -

April next -r -

April next -May next -

Uncertain - -May next -October next -December next Next Month September next December next Uncertain -March next -

Uncertain ~

Uncertain -Uncertain -Uncertain -March next April next -April next -

T

Charge of their

-v Hull., Mate, and Yards. Rigging and Stores. TOTAL.

£ 6,000 £ £ 6,000

- 6,000 - 6,000

- i4>5° 8,386 22,886

- L974 2.483 4>457

- 3,000 4,175 7,i75

" 4,000 3,797 7*797

- 1,906 2,023 3,929

8,000 8,000

- 10,050 3>503 13,553

9,000 2,889 11,889

- 1000 2,889 3.889

2,000 - - 2,000

- 10,000 8,471 18,471

- 15,000 6,048 21,048

10,000 - 10,000

" 6,000 5,464 11,464

- 8,000 5,261 13,261

- 16,500 7,31° 23,810

1,000 4,679 5,679

5,000 5,365 10,365

2,000 2,000

" 3>°oo 4.285 7,285

- 2,000 1,569 3.569

1,000 - Loooo

3.786 5,41* 9,197

1,000 m I >000

10,000 - 10,000

- 500 - 5°o

" 5 00 500

- 5.447 5,643 II>09o

- 5.724 5,883 1 I>6oy

5,614 4,858 , lo>50z

0\

tv

k

Oo

r

tr*

co

QO

Plymouth -

74 Grafton -

Prince of Wales

— Elizabeth

Fireship Explosion

IOO Royal Sovereign

74 Cefar -

5° Medusa -

8o Cambridge -

74 Egmont -

Suffolk -

7° Boi/ne -

5° Bristol -

Salisbury

98 Glory.

Middling Repair -Middling Repair -Middling Repair -Large Repair

Building

Ordered to be built Building Small Repair Small Repair Small Repair Small Repair Small Repair Middling Repair -Building

River Thames

o

t — h N Gravejtnd

CD Cl

Cr < Sandwich

o 0 Sandgate

0

oo_ Dover

FT

m 74 Defiance - m

Ganges - -

— Ctilloden - - .

3» Thetis

74 Thunderer - -

44 Refinance -

64 Dictator -

44 Guardian

74 Carnatic -

Majestic - m -

6^ Scipio - -

32 Iris -

74 Bombay Castle - -

— Powerful - -

— , Visnerable m

— Crown - -

- 64 Director -

50 ' Cato m -

- Brig Otter

— ' Falcon - - *

- Fireship Pluto

Sloop 7 16 j New -

- Firelliip Incendiary

Brig Flirt - -

MERCHANTS

Agreed for to be built Fitting for Sea Agreed for to be built Agreed for to be built Agreed for to be. built Building.

Building.

Building.

Fitting for Sea Agreed for to be built Building -

Building.

Fitting for Sea Building.

Agreed for to be built -

Building ..

Building.

Building.

Building -

Building

Building -

Agreed for to be built

Building -

Building.

Wivenhoe -

Mifiley thorn

Harwich

Jpfzvich East Cowes

Northam Burjledon -

Bucklerjhard

Bristol

Liverpool -

Speedy -

Bull Dog

Inspection -Comet

Siren

Greyhound

Irrejiftible

Excellent

Spitfire

Veteran -Experiment

Stately Mediator Regulus -

Ardent Phe nix -Unicorn -Creficent -

Indefatigable

Gladiator

Trusty -Serapis -Hermione Druid New

Grampus Andromeda Phaeton -Penelope -

Echo

Sloops

16 3

Fireship

32

74

Fireship

64

44

64

44

64

36

64

44

5°

44

32

44

5°

32

38

32 ' Sloop ">

16 3

Building

_ Building -

- Building

Building -

Building

_ Agreed for to be built -

_ Building -

« Agreed for to be built -

Building

Building -

Building

Building

Building Building -

Building _ Building -

Building -

_ Building -

Building -

_ Building -

_ Building -

_ Building -

Building -

_ Building -

Agreed for to be built

Building -

Building -

Building -

Agreed for to be built [

Building -

O

p

Woolwich

t

<i» Chatham

Porf/mouth

Plymouth

-N

On Works of the Yards.

To make a Landing Place and Gaufeway without the Boundary of the New Yard -To Building new Offices for the Clerk oif the Checque, and other Officers -

To Building 190 Feet of the New. Storehouse

To completing the Storehouse for fitted Rigging -

Towards Building the South Storehouse - - - .

To 320 Feet of Foundation and Stone Wharf at the Landing Hulk -

To 12 .3 Feet of Foundation and Stone Wharf at the Watering Wand -r -

To no Feet of Foundation and Stone Wharf at. the Camber - - - - / - -

To 63 Feet of Foundation and Stone Wharf at the Boafhouse Channel, and digging and clearing the Area To completing the new Heraphouses with the Offices as proposed - -

To completing the Store Beathouses on the new Ground -

Towards Building the Mould Loft and one Plank House over the Locks, the West Side of the Mall Pond - .

Towards carrying on 318 Feet in Length of the Crcds Wall between the Mast and Boat Ponds - - - .

Towards carrying on 200 Feet in Length of Wharf Wall on the East Side of the Mast Pond, with Three Walls for forming the Locks for Malls, and Two Plank Houses over them '« - - - - - - - - . . '

Total

A BST R A C T.

For the Ships in His Majesty's Yards -

Grand Total - - £.

C Hulls . -

I Rigging and Stores -

- 268,6877 *

- 134*0363 402,72$

For the Ships in Merchants Yards - - - ( Rigging and Sto'res -Towards the Improvements in the Yatds - r.

f Hhlls - - - - 345*272]

- 1 42,600] 4o7»87*

- - 62,924

Grand Total - - £. 953,519

Viz, The Sm of Nine hundred Fifty-three thousand Five hundred and Nineteen Pounds,

c

310

*>994

5*oooo

4.2*5 8,166 1 o,aoo

3*750

3v$oo

2,286

2,764

4*4*2

6to n, 132

4.987

953>5*9

t

0

62,924 St

.a.

Chef Middl W. Bateman, .

J. Williams, It. Temple,

Edw Hunt, E. Le Cras,

Geo. Marsh, Sam. Wallis*

A

ft

2 2 Geo. III.

CricJcIade

Ete&ion.

Ditto.

21° — a i4 — .» Januarii. jj; fdi* 78.2.

r $ov*sr 2$ dk Januarii 5 '

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Hojife.; -

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow' j Morning, Ten of the^Clock. ! — 1

Martis, 2 2* die Januarii;

Anno 22* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1782. r- — come3

Anno 220 Georgii III^ Regis, 1782.

£* -$. ----- ----- ----- --- — *- ——

THE Hout apfjoifttdd !fyr taking into Consideration the Petition of Samuel Petrie, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election, and Return for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, being

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Samuel Petrie, Esquire, tom-plaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Crick lade, in the County of Wills, being come 3 r:

The Serjeant at Arms Was dirfcfted by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Made tb itfye Places adjacent, and require the immediate. Attendance of the Members on the Bufmds of the House. ~ -s

And he went accordingly.

And being returned; ~

The H^hfe was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Forty -seven Members only being found to' be present, Mr. Speaker directed the Qerk to' r^ad the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration; and immediately adjourned, the said Order, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question* first put,' till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 23*

Anno 22* Georgii Hl^ Regis, 1782.

PaAttfks. " F.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Samuel Petrie, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, being come. 1

The Seqeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Bu-finess of the House;

And he went accordingly.

And being returned 3

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Sixty-six Members only being found to be present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration 5 and immediately adjourned the said Order, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock

Cricklade

Election.

The ftoufe proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.: ‘ ' 1 1 f

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to gowitfrthe Mace textile Places adjacent* and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Bufmefsof the Hjufe. , B.

And he went! accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred Members being found to be present 3

The Counsel apd Agepts, for die Petitioner, and the Counsel and Agents for Mr. Benfield, and the Counsel and Agents for Mr. Macpherjbnf werp called in to the Bar. - 1

And the Door of the House being locked;

One of the Counsel for the said Mr. Benfield informed the ftoute, that the Sitting Members were desirous of appearing'.by different Cownfel, in respect that the Charge stated against them, in the said Petition, was that oi BrSery, which in its Nature rquftaffeft them fe-paratdy 3 that their Cant as at! the said Borough was at different Times, and on the Recommendation of different Persons 3 that the Numbers of Voters on the Poll for the Sitting Members were different; and that in I he Course of hearing the Mattpr of the said Petition, their Interests might prove opposite to each other 5 and that in Truth, and in Fa&,^lieSitting Members were in this Cau fe^ perfectly independent of each other.

And the said Counsel, and One of the Counsel fop the said MfJ.Macphthrfon, having beCnhekrd thereto;

06e of the Coun&l for the Petitioner was heard, and opposed the Sifting Members separafcing in their Defence; and stated to the Hofife, as a Proof that the Sitting Members were United itt their Interests, not only at the said Ete&ion, but on the present Occafiori, that the Counsel who now, attended the House on the Behalf of Mr. Mdcpherson, was present at the Election as Counsel for Mr. Benfield^ and tha£4he said Sitting Members now appeared at the Bar by a common Agent, to whom they had mtrufted (as it appeared) their joint Defence.

And the said Counsel fbrthe Sitting Members having been heardby Way of Reply, the Co^nfetand Agents were directed to retire some Way from the Bar.

The House was moved. That the said Petition might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend an Act, made " in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or c< Returns of Members to serve in Parliament,'' might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House of the 28th Day of March 1775* of the Proceedings of the House on taking into Consideration the Petition of Hans Wintrop Mortimer, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Shaftesbury, in the County of BorfiL, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, Tha£ the Entry in tffe

*4 Journal*

32 Geo. III.

340 Janudrii.

Journal of the House, of the 28 th Day of April 1775, of the Proceedings of the House, on taking into Consideration the Petition of Samuel Stephens, Esquire; and also the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Saint.Ives, in the County of Cornwall, Electors of the said Borough, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 6th Day of March 1781, of the Proceedings of the House, on taking into Consideration the Petition of the honourable Percy Wyndham, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Arundel, in the County of Sussex, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Paul Beqfield, and John Esquires, be at Liberty to appear as separate Parties on distinct Interests;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Counsel and Agents being again called to the Bar, Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Refutation.

Then the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly j

The Names of all the Members of the House were,1 by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read Vy Mr,-Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Thirty-five Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to:

And the Name of George , Esquire,1 bding drawn, lie was nominated to serve on the said Select (Committee, by the Coanfel for the Sitting Members, and his Name wasfet aside.

And the Name of Mr. Alderman Bull being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age or upwards; and having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Fourteen other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said

consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Bill for rectifying1 Mistakes in the Names of fe- Land Tax veral of the Comm iflkmera appointed by ad Act, rn^de ^mmi^ in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled,1 " An Act " for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax " to be raised i n Great Britain, for the Service of the

" Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the First-mentioned Act, to putin Exei cution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land "rax to be raised in' Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thou* . sand Seven hundred and Eighty-two; was read a Second Tiyie.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fouf Weeks, the lift Day of February next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Knights of thfe Shires, *nd other Members of this House, do prepare Lifts, fairly written) of Commissioners Names, for executing the said Act for the respective Counties, 'Cities, and Places, fd? which there have been used to be Commissioners; and that the Christian and Surnames of the said CommiC*

Goners be written at Length.

A PetHioh of fetferhl of the Trustees for an fnade in the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing afld widening the Road from Wty-hill, in the County of Southampton, to Lydeway, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That great Progress hath been made in amending the said1 Road, for which Purpose considertable Sums of Mohcy have been borrowed od the Credit of thcTolls, which cannot be repaid, and the Road kept id good Repair, unless the said Act be continued and amended: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for making the same more effectual.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa* Names, the Names of Seven other'Members, mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the shall appear to them, to the House:

Names of those who were absent from the And it is referred to Mr. Jervoise, Mr. Sloane, See.: House; Four, on Account of their being Sixty And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power verified upon Oath; Two, on Account of their to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, being Members against whose Returns Petitions

were depending; and One, on Account of his A Petition of the Reverend Mark Sykes, Doctor in being a Petitioner to this House, complaining of Divinity, Lord of the Manor of Roofs, in Holdemefs, in an undue Election and Return. the East Riding of the County of York> Impropriator

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so an(j Re$;0r of the Parish Church of Hoofs aforesaid, drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aude, being an(j entitled to all the Tythes, Great and Small, Glebe complete; t Lands, Oblations, Obventions, Mortuaries, Easier Of-

The Counsel for the Petitioner nominated Sir George ferings, and other Ecclesiastical Dues, Rates, and Pay-Yonge, Baronet, to serve on the said Select Committee. ments> arising or happening within the said Parish of

And Lists of^ the said Forty-nine ^Names were de- Roofs, and Owner of divers Lands and Tenements

within the said Parish, Edmund , Esquire,

Humphrey OJbaldefton, Esquire, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of the rest of the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read;

Act, Weykill, fie*

koadi

Roofs

Iotfofurt*

Jivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened j The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning,

resolve itself into a Corhmittee of the whole House, Setting forth. That there are, within the Township and

to consider Majesty.

further of the Supply granted to His

Wayi d Means.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to VOL. 38.

Parish of Roofs aforesaid, several Open Fields, Lands, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, containing, in the Whole, Fifteen hundred and Twenty Acres, or thereabouts, which lie intermixed and dispersed, and in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement*

6$$ 24* Januarii. A. 1782.

prpvemeivt, but that, if thefamC were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the Petitioners, and others interested therein, it would be a great Improvement of their severalERates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, under ftrch Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Over-seers, and Inhabitants of fVoodbridge, in the County of Suffolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the present Workhouse in the said Town, on Account of the late grfeat Increase of Poor, is not large enough to enable the Petitioners to maintain and provide for the Poor with that Comfort and Wholesomeness which is reqnifite, and stands in so confined a Site that the same Cannot be enlarged so as to make a Workhouse suitable to contain the Poor of the said Parish; and that there are fevtetal Houses belonging to the said Parish, wherein Paupers have been permitted to dwell Rent free, which are in a very ruinous and decayed State; and that the Petitioners are desirous, but not able, to build a suitable Workhouse for their Poor, unless they are permitted 16 borrow on the Security of the Poor Rates within the said Parish, a Sum not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, as also to dispose of the present Workhouse, and the Houses wherein the Paupers are permitted to dwell as aforesaid, and to apply the Money arising therefrom towards building such suitable Workhouse; and that the Petitioners, being willing to improve the said Town of Wood are desirous that the same may be lighted at thegeueral Expence of the Occupiers of Houses within the said Parish: And therefore praying, That Ceave may be given to bring in a Bill to incorporate the said Parish of Woodbridge by the Stile of " The (-Juardiaos of the Parish of " bridge, in the County of Suffolk $" and that there may

be inserted in such Bill one or more Clauses, to enable such Guardians to purchase a Piece of Land or Ground,

1 -

and to erect a suitable Workhouse and proper Out-Buildings and Offices thereon, and for that Purpose to borrow, on the Security of the Poor Rates within the said Parish, a Sum of Money, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, at any Rate of Interest not exceeding Five* Pounds per Centum per Annum, or other legal Rate of Interest, and to sell and dispose of the present Workhouse, and such other Houses with the Appurtenances belonging to the Parish of Woodbridge, as in the said Bill shall be particularly mentioned, and to apply the Money arising therefrom towards building a suitable Workhouse, and proper Out-Buildings and Offices thereto, for the Use of the Parish of Woodbridge, and with such other Clauses and Regulations as the House shall think meet; and that there may be inserted in such Bill one or more Clauses to enable the said Guardians to light up the said Town of Woodbridge with Lamps, to be affixed on the Houses or other convenient Places within the said Parish; and that the Charge thereof may be raised by Rate, to be made by the said Guardians on the Occupiers of Houses in the said Parish, or otherwise, as the House shall think fit and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Rous, Sir Charles Buit-buri/, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Surpluses, dated the 5th Day of April 1781: And also.

Surpluses, dated the 10th Day of October 1781.

And. the Titles of the said Surpluses were read.

The said Surplusses are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstra&a thereof are as followeth; viz.

ABSTRACT

The EXCHEQUER to the SINKING FUND

g

CQ'

N

CD

Q_

cr

To Cash remaining the re on the 10th Day of October 1780, for the Disposition of Parliament

To Surplus Monies arisen within the Half Year, ended the 5th Day of April 17815 viz. _ £. s. d.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund* brought from Account, Folio 1 - 724,806 — ij

D° — of the South Sea Company's Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2 102,617 — 6J

D*---- of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3, - - - - .413,978 1554

1,241,401 16 i£

To Monies brought to this Account en the 5th Day of April 1781, pursuant to the federal Acts of Parliament in this fiehalf; viz.

The additional Stamp Doty on Paper, granted per Ad 4* Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1731, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 25* Georgii 2d* ....

Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Ad 16* Georgii 2di, brought to this Account pursuant to D* - ----- - ..

Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 180 Georgii <iA, for the Service of the Year 1745, brought to this Account pursuant to D® ——

Surplus of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act ly* Georgii a*4, and the Arrears of the Duty on Glass, granted

by the fume Ad; with the Sum brought to the same in Part of £. 63,078. 8. 8. per Annum, directed to be applied out of the new

Duty on Glass, granted by an Act 17® Georgii 3d1, to make good

the above Duty on Glass repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to tht said Acts - -

The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act 20° Georgii a41, for the Service of the Year 1747, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 250 Georgii -2dl -The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandize imported, granted by an Act 21° Georgii a41, for the Service of the Year 1741, brought to this Account pursuant to D9 - -

The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on Wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6° Georgii itti, for the Service of the Year 1720, brought to this oc Account pursuant to D* ——

The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in, or vending. Gold or Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 32* Georgii *di - - - . - -

Surplus of the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6° (xeorgii 3t,f; and the Arrears of the Duties on D° repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act - -

The Duty of 3*. \d. per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 26® Georgii 2dl -

The Duty of 1 <2jh. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit, or Sugar, granted by an Act 10° Georgii 2dI, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to au Ad 27® Georgii 2* ——

Surplus of the additional Duties on Sope, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 2* Georgii 2di, for raising the Sum of £.1,250,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 28° Georgii 2<!l ——

Surplus of the Duty on Coals, continued by an Act i# Georgii act, for raising the Sum of £ 1,750,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 28° Georgii 241 -

The Duty on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 29° Georgii 241

£. s. d. 20,195 9 i

*2,763 ——

28,330 1 6§

1

33,686 9

43»£>66 17 6

364,185 i2

93 ——

3i'4° — —

305,33i — 99,271 19 6

4>552 — «.

48*398 17

20»769 11$

33,664 1L „

1

1

g

cq'

N

CD

Q_

Theadditional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 29® Georgii a* - - , - . , "

The additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act 3°* Georgii vP, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 3a0 Georgii ld -

The additional Duty upon Coals exported, the like -

Surplus of the new Duty on Licences to retail Wine, the like - -

D® — of the Duty on Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, the like -To the Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an' Act 32® Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 33m Georgii -

To the additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like - - .

To the additional Inland Duty on Coffee, per Acts 32® Georgii J2a and 5® Georgii 3UI - - - -.

To the Surplus of the Duty upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 24* Georgii 2", brought to this Account pursuant to Act 2® Georgii 3* ——

The Duties upon Spirituous Liquor^ granted by Act 33® Georgii 2*, and 6® Georgii 3ul, brought to this Account pursuant to Acts a9 and 6* Georgii gj01 - - - -.

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 2® Georgii 3UI, and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act - .

To the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 33? Georgii 3d1, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 2° Georgii 3tU - -

To the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and A)e, granted by on Act i° Georgii 3d1, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 4* Georgii 3,a ——

To the additional Duties upon the Exportation of Coals, and of several East India Goods, 5fc. granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 31*1 -

TA the additional Duties on Policies of AflTurance, the like - -

To the additional Duty upon Italian Silk Crapes and Tiffanies imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 6® Georgii 3d1 To the additional Subsidy upon Enji India wrought Silks, ftc. granted and made a Part of this Fund by one other Act 6° Georgii 3"*

To the additional Duties upon broad Linen Cloth and Drillings imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by ail Act 70 Georgii 31" To the adaitionalDuties upon Wines imported, granted by an Act 30 Georgii 3,u, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 8° Georgii 3d,1 To the Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3111, brought to this Account pursuant to the above Act 8® Georgii 3lli To the additional Duty upon Coaches, tyc. granted by an Act 16® Georgii 3lll, and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act To the additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and on News Papers, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act -

To the additional Duty on Catds and Dice, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act -

To the Duties on Licences to betaken out by Auctioneers, and the Duties on all Lands, Houses, and other Things sold by Auction, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 17® Georgii glli - -To the additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 17° Georgii 3tl1 ——

To the Surplus of the Duties upon Glass, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act t7® Georgii 3114 -

To the 'l ax upon all Male Servants, granted and brought to this Account pdHiiariC to the said Act - -

5.691 ii

40,118 8 — 4,101 8 5f

2,903 7 9k 24.747 ——

>03.299 5 5l

*,646 ——

1,381 ——

40,305 ——

189,856 — —

36,398 ----- 1

101,646 -

171,184 —

19*165 3 3

801 H S

1,003 18 9

66 4 4

6,45 > 15 8

36,023 4 9}

2,699 — —

10,937 — —

27,215 9 1

5,5 >2 t 2

18,943 ——

17.342 6 5 6.980 311

27,806 1 1

— w i,6ae,845 *6

The EXCHEQUER to the SINKING FUND

4* To'Cast) remaining the re on the 5th Day of April 1781, for tfce T^ifpofitlon of Parliament

co

D

cq'

N

CD

CL

cr

Q

o

To Surplus Monies arisen within the HalfYear ended the lptK Day of Ottohtr 1781; viz* Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account Fofio i - -

D° - - of the South Sea Company's Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2 -

D* - - Of the General Fund, brought from Accobnt, Folio 3 -

To Money arisen by Sale of unrated Goods, imported arid undervalued, brought to this Account pul*-

suant to an Act 110 Georgii 1

17^995 — 10

To Monies brought to this Account oh the 10th D4y of V&oBcr 1781, pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament in this Behalf; viz.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Ad 40 Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1731, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 25* Georgii 2dl Surplus of the additional Duties on low ^Vines and strong Waters, granted per Act 16® Georgii Q*1, brought^ to this Account pursuant to lJ° - -

Surplus of the additional Duty ori ines imported; granted by an Act l8° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1745, brought to this Account pursuant to D° -Surplus of the Duties upon fpiiituous Liquors, granted by an Act 19° Georgii 2dl, and the Arrears of the Duties on Glass, granted by the same Act, with the Sum

9,220 — — 33>105 n 4

brought to the ffame in Part of f .63,078 8s. 8J. per Annum, directed to be ap-~ Is,granted by an Act 17® Georgii 3tl1, to mak6

pliedoutof the new Duty on Gla ^__________ __________ 0 ,

good the above Duty on Glass repealed thereby; brought to fhis Account pursuant to the said Acis -

The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act 20° Georgii 2^, for the Service of th* Year 1747, brought to this Account pursuant to &n Act 25* Gcdrgii 2dl The Subsidy on Goods and, Merchandises imported, granted by an Act 21* Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1746, brought to this Account, purfftatit to D®

The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on wrought Plath, granted by an Act 6® Georgii l"l, for the Service of the Year 1720, Brought to this Account pursuant to D® -The Duty on Licences to be takep putby all Persons dealingln or'vending Gold or Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fhnd t>y an Act 320 Georgii 2dl Surplus of the Duties 00 Houfds gnd Windows, granted by an Act 6® Georgii 3lli, Attd the Arrears of the Duties on D® repealed theffby,'brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act - -

The Duty of 3*. 4 d.per Buftiel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to-an Act . 26° Georgii 2dI ——

The Duty of 1 zjh.per Barrel pnf SVeets or Wines made "from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted by an Act lo® Georgii f2dl, for lh‘e&t*r Vice of the Yefcr 1^37, brought to this Account pursuant to an A^t 27°GcPrgii 2<u Surplus of the additional Duty on Soap, P4per, and Coats, continued by an Act 2® Georgii 2di, for raising the feum o?£. 1,^30,060 by ISaile of Annuities tb the Bank-of England, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act sf8® Georgii 2di Surplus of the Duty on Coals, continued by an Act 1® Georgii2^, for l'tiifing the Sum of £. 1,750,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank ofjfyigfttrtd, brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act 28° Gcorpi$*{ -

The Duty on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other efccifeable T.iqhots, brdtight to this Account pursuant to an Act 290 Georgii 2dl - " - -

The additional Duty on Cardk and Dice, brought to this Account phffbant foCftie other Act 29° Georgii 2dl - - . - - - - '-

To the additional ^tamp Duties on Paihphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2di, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 32® Georgii 2*

To the additional Duty on Coals exported, the like - -

To the Surplus of the new Duty on Licences to retail Wine, the like - -

Tv>---- — -of the Duties on Licences to retail Spirits, the like -

28,762 19 4 53>/8l 15 $ 145,837 11 3i

3,665 11 9

105,851 13 81 107,850 19 7§

8,«?8 ——

44,554 16

<22,820 8 1 31,158 9 4 3,84014 7

To the Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes inrported,-granted by an Act 3‘l'"Georgii 21*1, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 33" z*1 - -

To the additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like

To the additional Inland Duty on Coflee, per i\fts 320 Georgii 2*1 and 5* Georgii 3'* To the Duties upon spirituous Liquors, granted by an d*, bf0»gh t

this Account pursuant to an Act 2° Georgii 3111 ....

40,425 4 9 14,174 9 9

8,139 1 u*

17^4 % 4 —

to

S8»94 ,8 *

485 ——

2,610 —

26,295 —

g

eg'

n'

CD

Q_

Or

o

o

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by Acts 33® Georgii 2*r and 6® Georgii

3lU, brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 2° and 6° Georgii, 3d1 - *34,828 4.

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 2° Georgii 3di and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act - - - - ~ - 28,966

To the Duties on Malt, granted by an Act 33® Georgii 2dl, and brought to this Account purAiant to one other Act 2 Georgii 3th - - - 266,670 ___

To the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, granted by an Act 1° Georgii 3d1,

brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 40 Georgii 3*" - - - - 301,413___

To the additional Duty upon the Exportation of Coals*and of several Eojl India

Goods, Ifc*. granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3d1 - - 17,354 14

To the additional Duties upon Polices of Assurance, the like - - - 1*680 16

To the additional Duties upon Italian Silk Crapes and Tiffanies imported, granted,

and made a Part of this Fund by an Act.6° Georgii 3d1 - - - ~ - ' __

To the additional Subsidy upon East India Wrought Silks, ifc*, granted and made a

Part of this Fund by one other Act 6° Georgii 3di ——

To the additional Duty upon Broad Linen Cloth and Drillings imported, granted and

made a Part of this Fund by an Act 70 Georgii 3d1 - - - - _ ___

To the additional Duties upon Wines imported, granted by an Act 3 Georgii 2th,

brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 8® Georgii 3di - - - 38,761 6

To the Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3d1, brought to this Account pursuant to the above Act 8° Georgii 3tU - - - - 11*695 __

To the additional Duty on Coaches, Ifc*, granted by an Act 16° Georgii 3lil, brought

to this Account pursuant to the said Act - - 12,173 —

Tp the additional Stamp Duty oh Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and on News

Papers granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act - - 29,290 4

To the additional. Duty on Cards and Dice, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act - . - . - - - - 3,680 7

To the Duties on Licences to be taken out by Auctionters, and the Duties on all Lands, Houses, and other Things sold by Auction, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 17° and 19° Georgii 3d1 18,301 —

Tp the additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, granted <ond brought -

to this Account pursuant to the said Act 17° Georgii 3lIi ----- 23,827 lo

Tp the Surplus of the Duties on (Bass, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 17° Georgii 3d1 - -- 11,367 14

To the Tax upon all Male Servants, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act - -- -- - - -- 18,871 1

To the Tax upon all Male Servants, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to

an Act 21° Georgii 3d1 - -- 47,385 —

To the Duties upon Tobacco and on Sugar, granted and brought to this Account

pursuant to one other Act 21* Georgii 3d* - -- -- - 81,978 14

To the additional Duty of 5 per Cent, on the Produce of the Duties of Excise,

granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 21° Georgii 3di - 27,745 — *

To Monies granted out of the Supply 1781, for the Purposes following, by the Act 21° Georgii Page 1517, in that Behalf; vizi.

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1780, of the Fund estabiished for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards £*, the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758 - - - 30,999 11

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Defi- t ciency on the 5th Day of July 1780, of the Fund estabiished for paying Annuities,

granted by an Act made in the 18th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service oflhe Yeas 1778 ----- io],664 7

Toreplaee to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1780, of the Fund estabiished for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to-.

Inrarda the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1779 - - - - 193,663 —

Tb replace io this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the 10th Day of*O&oler 1780, of the Fund established for paying Annu-granted by an Act made in the 20th Year of the Reign of His p'resent JSla-

1 Jesty* cowards the Supply granted Tor thfe Service of the Year 1780 - 222,745 4

5s

lof

Us

1,888,

«39

2 2 Geo. III. 240

Ordered, That, the said Surpluses do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

.lain to Ordered, That the Chaplain to this House do preach

*ch ou before this House, at Saint Margaret's Westminster, hjan.

upon Wednesday next, the 30th Day of this Infiant January.

»unt» of The House being informed that Mr. from

hequer the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; 'ana, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, " for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one:" And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills issued by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Eighty-one And also.

An Account of the Monies raised at the Receipt of the Exchequer, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to " raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purpose» therein mentioned," and to whom the same were issued.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Bwgefles, in Parliament assembled.

Am ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer " Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one."

THE Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of One Millioq

Five hundred thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the 24 th Day of January 1782.

John Hughfon.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, issued by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, " for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one." .

Afcfc*J -i mi im» ,t*m * > »*» -.....*- - — - ...---- — - ..... - - 1 \

THE Exchequer Bills, issued by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of One Milliou

Four hundred Twenty thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the 24th Day John Hughfon.

of January 1782#

8 B

To

*44

54* Janu

A. 1782.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Am ACCOUNT of the Monies raised at the Receipt of the Exchequer, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty " to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned;" and to whom the facie were issued.

THE Monies raised by Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the

Sum of One Million; and were issued as follow:

To Richard Rigby, Esquire, Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces - One Million,

Exchequer, the 24th Day John

of January 1782.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

CrickUde The Counsel and Agents before mentioned, being Electiom again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, delivered in to the House One of the Lifts, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned Lift, the Names o i George Onslow, Esquire, and Sir George Yonge, Ba-

ronet, being added, the same was called over, and is as follows:

Sir llarbord llarbord. Baronet, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, John Pennington Esquire, John Frederick, Esquire, Sir Thomas Clarges, Baronet, David Robert Mich ell, Esquire, James Phipps, Esquire, Wharton Amcotts, Esquire, Sir James Baronet, Henry

Rawlinjon, Esquire, Arthur Esquire, Lord Viscount Althorpe, Lord Viscount , George

Onslow, Esquire, Sir George Yonge, Baronet.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Samuel Petrie, Esquire, now taken into Consideration, were fCvorn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the First Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Enquiry Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to en-respecting quire into the Causes of the Want of Success of His Naval Affair*. Majesty's Naval Force during this War, and more particularly in the Year 1781.

Resolved, That the said Committee be a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Paptn A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-rvfpetting posed, That there be laid before this House, the Intel-kavalAffair*. ligence received of the Movement of the Fleets

at Cadiz and Ferrol, in the Months of February and March 1781.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inferring after the First Word " the" the Words, " Substance of the."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

Jt was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put'

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the ttfptfrt Substance of the Intelligence received of the Movement of the Spani/hFleets at Cadiz and Ferrol, in the Mouths of February and March 1781.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Extract of such Part of Vice Admiral Darby's Instructions, on his failing to the Relief of Gibraltar, as may relate to any Orders given to him to detach to The West Indies from the Straits, in 1781.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of Vice Admiral Parker's Appointment to the Command, upon Vice-Admiral Darbys leaving The Channel, in March 1781; also of Mr. Secretary Stephens's Letter to Vice Admiral Parker, upon the Service that would be required of him.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Substance of the Intelligence received at any Time of the Equipping of Monsieur De la Motte Piquet's Squadron at Brejl, after Vice-Admiral Darby's failing in March 1781.

Ordered, That there be laid before tb>« House, the Substance of the Intelligence received at any Time of the Equipment and Sailing of Monsieur De Grajfe, with his Force for The West Indies, in the Months of February and March 1781.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Substance of the Intelligence received of Monsieur De Guichens Equipment, in May and 1781, and of his Sailing from Brejl lor Cadiz.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Extract of such Parts of Vice-Admiral Darby's instructions, on his Sailing with the Fleet in July 1781, as may relate to his endeavouring to prevent the Junction of the French and Spanish Squadrons; also his Weekly Account of the Number and State of the Ships lie failed with.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from the Mayor of Bristol to Mr. Stephens, upon the Subject of the Combined Fleets; with Mr. Stephens's Answer.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy or Extract of a Letter from the Lord Viscount

Stormont,

- iz byvjQOQlC

12 Geo. III. 240 — 250 Januarii. 645

Stormont, One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, informing the Government of Ireland of the Appearance of the Combined Fleets in 1781.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Weekly Returns of the State of the King's Ships, from the Middle of July to the ill o 1781, from

Porf/month, The Downs, The Wore, and Sheerness.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Subllance of the Intelligence received of the French Armament at Brejl, at any Time from the Month of September to the Sailing of Rear-Admiral on the 6th of December 1781.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Weekly Accounts of the State and Condition of His Majesty's Ships in the different Ports at Home, the last Week in November and the First Week in December 1781.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extracts of such Parts of Instructions given to Sir Charles Hardy and Admiral , as may relate to

their Endeavouring to prevent a Junction between the French and Spanish Squadrons, during their respective Commands. £

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of Frigates and Cruizers employed before the Port of Brejl, to watch the Motion of the Enemy's Ships there, from the ill of January 1779 to the ift of January 1781, specifying the Number of Ships and Frigates, and Dates when so employed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Substance of the Intelligence received from the West Indies-, relative to the Detention of the Jamaica Fleet in 1781.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vienerisy 2 50 die Januarii;

Anno 2a* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

fajtafti r I £ Hour appointed for taking into Consideration Ut&lun' JL the Petition of John Buller, Esquire; and also the Petition of Sir William Lemon, and others, Freeholders within the Borough of Sallash, in the County of Cornwall, on behalf of themselves, and all the other Freeholders within the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come j

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 130 Members being found to be present;

The Count'd and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

Vol. 38.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glafies; and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Forty-one Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Charles Bobinfon, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve 011 the said Select Committee, by the Couufel for the Petitioners, and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Eight other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Eight other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; One, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age or upwards, which he had before verified upon Oath; Two, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; One, on Account of his being a Petitioner to this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return; Three, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees; and One, on Account of his having tendered his Vote at the said Election.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete, the Counsel for the Sitting Members nominated Thomas Orde, Esquire, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

A Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for more effectually amending " several Roads leading from and near the Borough of " Truro, in the County of Cornwall, and for building a " Bridge over the River at a Place called The Steppings, " in or near the said Borough," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from Shortlane's End, in the Parish of in the said County, to Callejlock Burrow, on a Cross Road leading from Marafanvofe to a Place called Zelah, in the Parish of Saint Allen, in the said County, being about the Distance of Two Miles and a Quarter, and the Road leading from a Place near The Two Burrows, in the said Parish of Kemvyn, to Perran Alms House, in the Parish of Perranzabuloe, in the said County, being about the Distance of Three Paris of a Mile; and also a Road leading from The Three Burrows, in the said Parish of Kemoyn, to Lane End, and from thence to Saint ylgnes Alms House, in the Parish of Saint Agnes, in the said County, being about the Distance of Three Miles, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow and incommodious, and cannot be efleclually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and it would be of public Utility if the same were properly amended, widened, and repaired; and that the said Roads communicate with Parts of the Roads comprized in the above-mentioned Act, and might be conveniently amended, widened, and kept in Repair, without any Toll being collected thereon, if the same were put under the Care and Management of the Petitioners; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the' Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

examine

Tru-O

Road*.

6^6 2 5° Januar17 Si.

examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Audit is referred to Mr. Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Preften to Mr. Braddyllreported from the Committee, to whom iic^Rwwi *^ie of the several acting Trustees, appointed to

put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " repairing and widening the Road from Preston to Lancaster, and from thence to a Place called

" <S[i/ke, that divides the Counties of and

"'IVijhmreland"was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of relative to Turnpike

Rills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: "Where the same was read; and is as followeth 5 viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Mr. John Grimjhaw being examined, said. That the Trustees for the Care of the Road from Prejion to GarJ'tang, have proceeded in the Execution of the Act, find have made a considerable Progress in the Repairs of that District of Road 9 in doing which, the Tolls collected thereon, together with a considerable Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, and still owing, have been duly expended.

Mr. John Beakbane gave your Committee a ftmilar Evidence, with respect to the Road from Gar/lang to t lleiring-Syke, the other District comprised in the said Act; and both Witnesses concurred in saying, that the Money so taken up at. Interest on the Two Districts, cannot be paid off during the subsisting Term, which will expire the Twenty-fourth of June next; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term of an Act, tnade in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Preston to , and from thence to a

Place called Heiring-Syke, that divides the Counties of Lancaster and WestmorelaAnd that Mr. Braddyll and Mr. Abraham llawlinjbn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Adjouroraemt. Refolded, That this House will, at the Riling of the

House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Accounts of The Earl of Lijburne, from the Commissioners for Seamen executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great entered and Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their pressed. Orders,

An Account of the Number of Seamen and Landmen, who have entered voluntarily into the Service of His Majesty's Navy, and accepted the Bounty, between the lit October 1780 and the ift October 1781: And also,

An Account of the Number of Men pressed into the Service of His Majesty's Navy, between the ift October 1780, and the ift October 1781; distinguishing the Places

in Great Britain or Ireland where they were pressed, and the Number pressed at each Place: And also,

An Account of the Number of Officers and Men employed in the Impress Service in Great Britain and Ireland, between the ift October 1780 and the ift October 1781: And also,

Au Account of the Sums of Money issuei for the

Impress Service in Great Britain and Ireland, between the ift October 1780 and the ill October 1781:

Together with a List of the said Accounts.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do fie upon th® Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, in Common Council assembled, Fiihm, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That by an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Support and Establishment of the Greenland and Whale Fishery, the former Bount ies, granted by an Act: of Parliament for the Encouragement of the Greenland or Whale Fishery, were declared to cease, and to be no longer paid or allowed, except in such Cases only where special Provision was made for the same by the then present Act; and that the Petitioners cannot conceal their Apprellensions, that if a less Bounty than Forty Shillings per Ton be granted, it would render ineffectual the Views of the Legislature, in making those salutary Provisions for the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery, and, as a necessary Consequence, would greatly prejudice so important and ufefuJ a Branch of Trade, the Petit ioners having Cause to fear that, on Account of the Rupture between Great Britain and the Belligerent Powers, the Navigation to the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights will be attended with more Peril than

heretofore, and will consequently require a Bounty of Forty Shillings /«?rTon: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief as the Nature of the same may require.

A Petit ion of the Guild or Brotherhood of Masters pb, and Pilots, Seamen of the Trinity House of Kingston upon Hull, under their Common Seal, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That for the Support and Establishment of the Greenland and Whale Fishery, a Bounty of Forty Shillings per Ton upon the Shipping employed in that Trade was granted by an Act passed in the Eleventh \rear of Mis present Majesty's Reign; and that, through the Operation of the said salutary Law, the Whale Fishery has been brought to a very flourishing State, great Quantities of Oil and Bone have been brought into these Kingdoms, and many Hundred Seamen have been bred and trained; but, by the Provisions of the said Act, the aforesaid Bounty in the Year 17)6 became reduced to Thirty Shillings, and is now no more than Twenty Shillings, per Ton; and that the Petitioners conceive, the principal Object of the Legislature, in parting the said Law, was the Increase of Shipping, and the Training of Seamen; and they trust that, at a Time like t he present, ‘ the House will fee the Expediency of giving every due Encouragement to such Considerations as these, and not suffer such a Branch of beneficial Commerce, and the Nursery for Seamen attendant thereupon, to cease, which from the Knowledge the Petitioners have of Maritime Matters, and the great Discouragements the Owners of Ships employed in the said Fisheries at this critical Juncture labour under from the Advance of Seamen's Wages and Insurances, they are but too well convinced will be the Cafe, unless revived and supported by the Aid of a sufficient Bounty: And therefore praying the House to take this Matter into their serious Consideration, and to pass a Law, that the aforesaid Bounty of Forty Shillings per Ton upon Shipping using the Whale Fishery to Greenland, Davis's Streights, and the Seas adjacent, may be again granted for a limited Time, or to give such Relief in the Premises as the Nature of the same may require, and to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the Port of Liverpool, in Behalf of themselves and others,

especiaHy

' by

2$ Geo. III. 25° Jamarii. 647

especially ofthofe who are imtnediately interested in the Wliale Fishery to GreenlandDavis's and the

Seas adjacent, was likewisepresented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bounty of Forty Shillings per Ton, granted by Parliament upon Shipping employed in the Whale Fishery, was the foie Means of bringing that Trade to a flourishing State; and that a Supply of Oil and Whalebone fully equal to the Consumption of these Kingdoms, besides great Quantities of Oil exported, have been furnished by British Shipping navigated chiefly bj British Seamen, through the Operation of this wife and Salutary Law; and that in the Year 1776, which was the last Year of the Bounty nbove mentioned, Twenty-two Ships of large Burthen Were fitted out in the Port of Liverpool, for the Whale I'ilheries in Greenland and Davis's Streights; and that a Reduction of the Bounty, after the 25th of December 1776, till the 25th of December 1781, to Thirty Shillings per Ton, which, from that Time to the 25th of December 1786, will, by the Laws hitherto enacted, be no more than Twenty Shillings per Ton, and then finally cease, has reduced the Number of Ships fitted out at the Port of Liverpool, for the Northern Whale Fishery this present Year, to Two Ships only; and that this Trade, which has been an excellent Nursery for great Numbers of able and healthy Seamen, is likely to lapse again into the Hands of Foreigners, without the Aid of a sufficient National Bounty, which, from the great Advance in Seamen's Wages and Insurance, is at this Time rendered Hill more particularly necessary: And therefore praying. That the former Bounty of Forty Shillings per Ton may be again granted for a limited Time upon Shipping employed in the Whale Fishery to Greenland, and the Seas adjacent, or that such other adequate Relief may be granted as the House shall judge meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Saltalh The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned, being Ekttkto. again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, delivered in to the House One of the Lifts which had been struck by the said Counsel, in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned Lift the Names of Charles /on and Thomas Orde, Esquires, being added, the same wa3 called over, and is as follows:

John Peach Hungerford, Esqui re, Calvert, Senior,

Esquire, Sir Henry Hoghton, Baronet, Charles Penrud-dock, Esquire, the honourable Frederick Robinson, Cle-' ment Tudway, Esquire, the honourable Edward Motick-

ton, FrancisBaJJet, Esquire, Frederick Montagu, Esquire, Samuel Smith, Esquire, Sir Edward AJlley Baronet, William Pochin, Esquire, John Darker, Esquire, Charles Robinson, Liquire, Thomas Orde, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of John Fuller, Esquire, and also of the Petition of Sir William Lemon, and others Freeholders within the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, on Behalf of themselves, and all the other Freeholders within the said Borough now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents, on both Sides, withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Second Committee Chamber, appointed

for hearing the Trials of Controverted Elections.

NavyDebt. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estim^te of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, as it flood on the 31 ft Day of December 1781.

Administration Ordered, That the Lord Viscount Midleton and Sir Bcn!al'.Ce m Charlton Leighton, Baronet, be added, to the Select Com-VOL. 38.

mittee appointed to take, into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffd, and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House, with their Observations thereupon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Pap;rs re-Substance of all Information of the State and Readiness speft'n? N* of the Dutch Naval Force, and particularly the State of va a‘r*' the Texel immediately previous to His Majesty's Proclamation directing Hostilities; also the Substance of all Information obtained by the Admiralty, or any of His Majesty's Ministers, describing the Forceaml Practicability of a Squadron of the King's Ships entering the Texel by Force.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Extract from Admiral Darby's Letter to the Admiralty, on his leaving Spithead, in March x 781, to ascertain the Day of his failing; also such Extracts of his Letters to Mr. Stephens from the Coast of Ireland, as may relate to his Junction with the Victuallers off that Coast, to his Force, to the Time of his failing from thence, and any Information he might have himself received, and thought proper to transmit to the Admiralty concerning the French or Spanish Fleets being at Sea.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Information sent by the Admiralty to Sir George Rodney, apprizing him of the Sailing of Monsieur De Grajeior the West Indies in March 1781.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Weekly Accounts of the State and Condition of His Majesty's Ships fitting and in Readiness at Plymouth, Porlfmouth, and the Downs, immediately after the Sailing of Vice Admiral Darby, the 13th of March 1781; and also for the last Week in March and second Week in April 1781,

Ordered, That there belaid before this House, all such Extracts from Sir George Rodney's Letters to the Admiralty as relate to his informing them of his fending Commodore Hotham to England with the Property captured at Saint Eujlatius.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, all such Extracts from Vice Admiral Darby's Letters to the Admiralty as contain his Reasons for leaving hisStation, sent either from Sea, or on his Arrival at Torbay in August 1781, with Mr, Stephens's Answers.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, all such Extracts from Vice Admiral Parker's Letters to the Admiralty, and from their Lordships to the Vice Admiral, as may contain Information relative to the Dutch Squadron and their Movements, to the Vice Admiral's Requisitions, and the Admiralty's Intentions of fending Reinfocements in Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of Vice Admiral Parker's Letter to the Admiralty, giving an Account of his Action with the Dutch Squadron off the Dogger Bank, August the 5th 1781, or all such Extracts from that Letter as may relate to the Action.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, such Extracts from Vice Admiral Darby's Letter to Mr.

Stephens, as contain the State and Condition of the Ships under his Command on their Return from their Cruize in November 1781.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, such Extracts of Rear Admiral Kempenfdt's Correspondence with the Admiralty, as relate to the Objects of hisCom-

8 C mand,

Papers respecting Na val Aitairs.

Appleby, Ac. Read.

l-aver fhaw, Read.

648

raand, from the Time of his Appointment, and of the Instructions with which he failed in December 1781, and the Intelligence given to him by the Admiralty, or any of His Majesty's Ministers, relative to the Force of the Enemy.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of Rear Admiral Kemp Letter to the Admiralty upon his falling in with the French Fleet in December 1781.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the French and English Fleets in the Action between Sir Samuel Hood and Monsieur De off

Point Salines, with all such Extracts from Sir Samuel Hood's letter to the Admiralty as give an Account of that Action.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Ships and Frigates employed for the Defence of the Island of Jersey, in the Month of January 1781.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Ships of War lately failed under the Command of Admiral Sir George Rodney for the West Indies-, specifying the Times when they were respectively ordered to be fitted for that Service, and the Times they were severally reported to be ready for Sea I Together with the Names of the Ships, and the Commanders of them, at those different Periods.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Names of the Admirals, Captains, and other Commanders, borne for full Pay in His Majesty's Fleet, now absent from their Duty, with the Reasons in their Applications.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of " pleby, in the County of Westmoreland, through the " Township of Orion, to Kirby Kendal, and from Orton " to the Turnpike Road near Sltapp, and from Highgale near Tebay, in a Part of the Highway between " Appleby and Kirby Kendal, through the Town of Kirby

"Stephen, to the Town of Market Brough, in the said " County," was presented to the House, and read; Settingforth, That the Petitioners have proceeded to repair the said Road, and for that Purpose have been obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, which still remains due; and that it will he impossible to discharge the said Sum, together with the Interest thereof, and to keep the said Road in Repair, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act be further enlarged and extended; and that the said Act, in many Particulars, has been found defective for the Purposes intended: And therefore praying. That I/jave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, and to explain, amend, and render the same more effectual, in t'uch Manner as to the House shall appear proper and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a. Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it ihu.ll appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir James Ijovolher, Mr. Stan~ hope, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the.Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A. 1782.

An Act for amending and widening the Roadleading <c from the High Poll Road near the Town of -"sham by Bacon's Wafer, through Ashford, to the " Town and Port of Ilyfhe, in the County of Kent,

" and from Bacon's Water to a certain Lane called Holy " Lane in Wincheapnear the City of ," was

presented to the House, andread;Settingfcrth, That the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which hath been applied in amending the said Roads; a»d that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money borrowed cannot be paid off, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Filmer Honyxooood, Mr. Frederick Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Claudius Billet, was presented to Billet'* Nt the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Masterman, and Mr. Strahan do prepare and bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Mon day Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole *nd Mr<* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 28

Anno220 Georgii IIP* Regis, 1782.

Praters.

A PETITION of the several Persons whose Names Creditors ot are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves Be,^ra

and others. Creditors under Two Acts of Parliament, M passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for making a Road from the East Side of the Parish of Sa Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, to the East End of Church Street, and to open a Way into Shoreditch, and for repairing, paving, and regulating Old Cock Lane,

NeioCock Lane, Church Street, and the Road on the Well Side of the Opening into Shoreditch, and for removing Nuisancesatid Obstructions therefrom, and preventing tive same for the future, was presented to the House, and read: Settingforth, That the Petitioners and others have, at different Times, advanced, for the Purposes and on the Credit of the said Acts, several Sums of Money, amounting to £.3,771, which, together with a considerable Arrear of Interest, is Hill

A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in owing; and that the Petitioners not only find great Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Second Difficulty and Dftay in procuring from the Trustees for Ye.ir of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, executing the aforesaid Acts the Interest of their respect

22 ' tive

25® — 28° Januarii.

jjgl

~ ~ - Die _ dJiy . jflH

22 Geo. III. 28* Januarii.649

live Mortgages, but, from Inspectioti and the Knowledge they have of the Income arising from the Tolls granted by the said Acts, have not any Hopes either of receiving their Interest regularly in future, or of being paid off any Part of their original Mortgage Debts, without the Aid and Interposition of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as the Nature of their same may be found to entitle them to, and the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Wilkes, Mr. Byng, &c.; And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Cr*& A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are erley thereunto subscribed, being Trustees under an Act, d. passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and atnend- ing the Road leading from Whi, te Cross, in the Parish " of LeveninHolderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Beverley, in the " same County,*' was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a considerable Progress hath been made in amending the Roads comprised in the said A ft, in doing which, the Tolls, together with a large Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, hath been duly expended; and that the Money so borrowed Hill remains due, and the said Roa.is cannot be completely amended, widened, and kept in Repair, and the Debt be paid off, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leavfe may be given to bring in a Bill for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir James Pennyman, Mr. Laf-celles, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

;t'$ Nat. Mr. Majlerman presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Claudius Billet: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

mre- The House being informed that Mr. from

Sing East the United Company of Merchants of England trading ,ia Affairs. to ^g £aj^ Indies, attended at the Door; he was called

in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders of the loth and nth Days of April, and the 3d Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament:

N° 1. Extracts of Letters to Bengal, concerning the several Transactions with the Nabobs of Oude, from the 3d of March 1775, to the Jail Advices: And also,

N° 2. Extracts of Letters from Bengal, concerning the several Transactions with the Nabobs of Oude, from the 4th oi January 1775 to the lall Advices: And also,

N° 3. Extracts of Bengal Consultations, concerning the several Transactions with the Nabobs of from the 2d of February 1775 to the 6th of December inn S'. Apd also,

N° 4. Extracts of Bengal Consultations, concerning the several Transactions with the Nabobs of from the 6th of December 1775 to the 30th of December 1776: And also,

Vox.. 38.

N° 5. Extracts of Bengal Consultations, concerning the several Transactions with the Nabobs of Oude, from the 30th of December 17 76 to the 8 th of December 1777: And also,

N° 6. Extracts of Bengal Consultations, concerning the several Transactions with the Nabobs of from the 8th of December 1777 to the last Advices: And also,

N° 7. Extracts of Letters to Bengal, concerning the Rohilla War, from the 3d of March 1775 to the lad Advices: And also,

N° 8. Extracts of Bengal Consultations, concerning the Rohilla War, from the 2d of January 1775 to the last Advices from India: And also,

N° 9. Extracts of Letters to Bengal, relative to the late and present State and Condition of the Rohilla and Oude Countries, the Revenues received therefrom, or Sums of Money charged on the Revenues thereof, on Account of the Company; as also the Military Establishment in the said Countries, under the Company's Orders, from the 15th of December 77,5 to the last Advices, both inclusive: And also,

N° 10. Extracts of Letters from Bengal, relative to the late and present State and Condition of the Rohilla and Oude Countries, the Revenues received therefrom, or Sums of Money charged on the Revenues thereof, on Account of the Company; as also the Military Establishment in the said Countries, under the Company's Orders, from the 15th of January 1773 to the last Advices, both inclusive: And also,

N° 11. Extracts of Bengal Consultations, relative to the late and present State and Condition of the Rohilla and Oude Countries-, the Revenues received therefrom, or Sums of Money charged on the Revenues thereof, on Account of the Company; as also the Military Establishraent in the said Countries, under the Coinpuny's Orders, from the 3d of April 1775 to the last Advices, both inclusive: And also,

N° 12. Extracts of Fort Saint George Consultations, relative to the letting and managing the Territories called The Northern Circars, from the 2 2d of October 176.7 to the 31st of December x 765: And also,

N° 13. Extracts of Fort Saint George Consultations, relative to the letting and managing the Territories called The Northern Circars, from the 31st of December 1765 to the 31st of December 1766: And also,

N° 14. Extracts of Correspondence, Consultations, and other Papers, relative to any Convention or Treaty entered, or to be entered into, with the Country Powers of India, relative to the present War with the Maralta State, from the 28th of November 17 74 to the 9th of November 1775: And also,

N° 15. Extracts of Correspondence, Consultations, and other Papers, relative to any Convention or Treaty entered, or to be entered into, with the Country Powers of India, relative to the present War with the Maratta

State, from the 9th of November 1775 to the ill of April 1776: And also,

N° 16. Extracts of Correspondence, Consultations, and other Papers, relative to any Convention or Treaty entered, or to be entered into, with the Country Powers of India, relative to the present War with the State, from the id of April 1776 to the 23d of September 1776: And also,

N° 17. Extracts of Correspondence, Consultations, and other Papers, relative to any Convention or Treaty entered, or to be entered into, with the Country Powers of India, relative to the present War with the Maratta

State, from the 23d of September 1776 to the 26th of January 1778: And also,

N° 18. Extracts of Correspondence, Consultations, and other Papers, relative to any Convention or Treaty entered, or to be entered into, with the Country Powers of India, relative to the prefect War with the Mara/fa State, from the 26th of January 1778 to the zzd of June 1778: And also,

N° 19. Extracts of Correspondence, Consultations,

and

L

650 a 8° Januarii. A. 1782.:

and other Papers, relative to any Convention or Treaty entered, or to be entered into, with the Country Powers of India, relative to the present War with the Mar at I a State, from the izd of June 1778 to the 25th of Jarman/ 1779.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved acnorrgft the other Papers of this Session.

Account re- The House being informed that Mr. M it ford, from spefling the the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended Woollen at the Door. he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre-

ra c' fented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantities of Woollen Goods of all Sorts, exported from Scotland during the Seven Years preceding Christmas 1780; distinguishing the different Years and the Ports from whence the Goods have been shipped, and for what Places Abroad the Entries have bgeu made; and also an Estimate of the Value of such Woollen Goods as nearly as can be judged: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Infill Woollen Yarn imported into Scotland, during the Seven Years preceding Christmas 1780; distinguishing the different Years in which the same have been imported: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Spanish and Vicunha Wool imported into Scotland, during the Seven Years preceding Christmas 1780; distinguishing the Ports into which the same has been imported: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Wool imported from Ireland into Scotland, during the Seven Years preceding Christmas 1780; distinguishing the Ports into which the same has been imported.

Account of Mr. Milford also, from the Commissioners of the Imports, &c. Customs in Scotland, presented to the House, pursuant «f Scotland. to their Qr^er Gf the 2gth Day of November in the last Session of Parliament,

An Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from and imported into Scot-tand, from Christmas 1779 to Christmas 1780* distinguishing each Place.

And then he withdraw.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Accounts of The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from Servant and the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Mali Duties. £)oor. jle was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Servants Tax, distinguishing the Number of Persons or Families that have returned only One Servant, from 21st May 1781 (the Period of that Duty falling under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise) to 10th October 1781, the Time of the Returns from Country Collections: And also.

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the additional Duties upon Majt, from Christmas 1780 to 23d September 1781: the Period for which the Accounts are come in; distinguishing the Sums arising from the different Collodions.

And then he withdrew.

And 1 he Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Whale The House was moved, That an Act, made in the

Fishery. Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act tortile better Support and Establishment of the Greenland and Whale Fishery," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House wifi, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committed of the whole Houte, to consider of the said Act.

Ordered, That the Petition of thfc Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, in Common Council assembled; and also the Petition of the Guild or Brotherhood of Matters and Pilots!, Seamen of the Trinity-House of Kingston upon Hull) under their Common Seal; and also the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the Port of Liverpool,* in Behalf of themselves and others, especially of those who are immediately interested in the Whale Fisherv to Greenland, Davis's Sir eights, and the Seas adjacent, which were severally presented to the House upon Friday last, be referred to the said Committee.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Importation last Session of Parliament, intituled, c< An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year " of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing " the Importation of Fine Organzined Italian Thrown " Silk in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House! to consider of the said Act.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en- Oakhampton larging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-third ^oadl* Year of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon, was read a Second Time. A

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Min-chin, Sir George Yonge, &c.: And they are to meet, this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Land-owners, BilftonCanal. Tradesmen, Manufefturers, and others, of the Town of Birmingham, and the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by a Survey lately made it appears, that a Canal for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels with heavy Burdens may be madeTrom extensive Coal Mines in the Liberty of Bilfion, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parishes of Sedgley, Tipton, otherwise Tibbington, Wednesbury, and Wefibromwich, in the County of Stafford, to or near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; and from the Neighbourhood of Birmingham, to communicate with the Coventry Canal Navigation (intended to b'e completed between Athcrfione and the Canal from the Trent to the Mersey) at or newFazeley, in the Parish of Drayton Baffett, in the said County of Stafford, and conducted through or near the several Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, of Bilfionfm the Parishes of Wolverhampton, Sedgley, Tip-ton otherwise Tibbington, Wednesbury, Wefibromwich, and Handsworth, in the County of Stafford, Afion Juxta Birmingham, Birmingham, Curdworth Lea Marfion, and Middleton, in the County of Warwick, and Drayton Baffett, in the County of Stafford; and that* from the making the said Navigable Canal, the Petitioners conceive great public Advantage may be derived by extending the Intercourses of Trade and Commerce, as well ns many local Benefits produced to the several Towns and Places lying near to the Course of the said intended Canal, and the upper Parts of Warxcickshire and Oxfordshire: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Coal Mines

iu

22 Geo. III. 28* Januarit. N 5 r

in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parishes of Tipton

otherwise Tibbington, Wednesbttry, and Wtjibromtoich, to or near Birmingham, and from the Neighbourhood of Birmingham, to communicate with the Coventry Canal. Navigation (intended to be completed between Atherftone and the Canal from the Trent to the at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Drayton Baffctt, in

the County of Stafford, by such Waysand Means as to the house shall feetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it stall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Mr. Roe Yeo,

kc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber*, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Whale A Petition of the Merchants, Ship Owners, and Khery. Traders, of the Port of Kingston upon on Behalf of

themselves and others, particularly those who are immediately interested in the Whale Fishery, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Bounty of Forty Shillings per Ton, granted by Parliament Upon Shipping employed in the Fisheries to Greenland, Davis's Streights, and the Seas adjacent, was the Means of bringing that Trade to a very flourishing State at the said Port of Kingston upon Hull, where several large Ships have been fitted out for those Seas, and great Quantities of Oil and Whalebone imported, and which has afforded a considerable Nursery for Seamen; and that the Petitioners hare teen with Concern, that the Reduction of the said Bounty, which took place in the Year 1777, lessened the Number of Ships employed in those Fisheries, and they are but too well convinced, that without a Parliamentary Aid and Encouragement the said Fisheries will entirely cease, and an End be put to a Trade of no lets Importance to the Nation in general than advantageous to the Individuals that are concerned therein; and that, ifthe Establishment and Support of the said Trade merited the Attention of the Le-giftature m Time of Peace, the Petitioners conceive, tint at such a Crifisas the present, when feme Branches of the Maritime Trade are entirely loft to these Kingdoms, others rapidity decreasing, and the above-mentioned Fisheries carried on at a much greater Expence than of late, on account of the prodigious Advance in Seamens Wages and Inferences, and particularly when the Exigencies of the State demand a constant Supply of Seamen, no Object is more deserving of a National Bounty than the Whale Fisheries: And therefore praying the House to take this important Matter into their serious Consideration, and to pass a Law, that the aforesaid Bounty of Forty Shillings per Ton upon Shipping employed in the Whale Fishery to Greenland, Davis's Streights, and the Seas adjacent, may be again granted for a limited Time, or to give such other Relief in the Premises as the Nature of the same may require, and to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Support and Efta-f. blifiiiueut of the Greenland and Whale Fishery."

cconntof The House being informed, that Mr. Lifter, from oft Horse the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by ®utf* Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in; and,

at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the . Tax uponPoft Horses, &c. from the ift of August 1786 to the ift of August 1781.

And then he withdrew.

Vol. 38.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the.

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other

Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Mer- Turkey chants of England trading into The Levant Seas, being Company, offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read}

Setting forth. That the Trade between this Kingdom and Turkey has for a long Series of Years been carried on by a Society of Merchants, incorporated by Charters, and regulated by Acts of Parliament; and that in Order to carry on the said Trade with Safety, and to protest His Majesty'sSubjects in the Turkish Dominions, it has been found necessary, that an Ambassador should be sent from England to reside at Conj and that Consuls, Vice Consuls, and other Officers and Servants, should be established in the other Parts of Turkey where Brit iff Subjects reside, and where the English Merchants carry on Trade, the whole Expence whereof has been borne by the Turkey Company, which, together with many other necessary Expences incident to the carrying on of this Trade, has of late Years amounted to about Nine thousand Pounds per Annum-, and that the Trade to and from Turkey, once so flourishi ng, is now, from many unavoidable Events and concurring Circumstances, much reduced; and that the Assistance granted to the Petitioners in the last Session of Parliament has enabled them to support their Expences for the past Year, but the Petitioners are sensible they should not discharge the Duty incumbent on them by their Charter, nor the Justice they owe to the Public (for whom they1 consider themselves as Trustees) if they did not, in the present Situation of the Trade, declare their Inability to support their necessary Expences unlessrelieved by Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as may be thought necessary and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Complaint being made'to the House, of several Attempts which had been made, in order to persuade James Reed, of the Borough of Ho in the County witha Wit-of Devon, a material Witness necessary to be examined nefi. before the Select Committee to be appointed for trying the Matters of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, not to pay Obedience to Mr. Speaker's Warrant for his Attendance upon the said Committee in case he should be served therewith, or to keep out of the Way so as to avoid being summoned as a Witness on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions, and of several Threats which were made use of to the said James for the like Purpose;

And the House being informed that the said James Reed attended at the Door; he was called in to the Bar, and examined in relation to the said Complaint; and named Thomas Broughton, of Honiton, Currier, as the Person who made use of such Persuasions and Threats.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Broughton, of

ton, Currier, do attend this House upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 5th Day of February next, to answer the Matter of the said Complaint.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Bramber the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing of a Burgessto serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of

8 D Sussex.

6 $2 28* —

Suffer, in the room of Thomas Thorolon, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath been appointed to, and accepted of, the Office of Agent to tiip Regiment of Militia of the County of Leicester.

Portion from A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty

'ihcWarnft ^e City of Bristol was preferred to the House, and read; Setting forth. That your Petitioners are impelled by the dangerous Situation to which this Kingdon is reduced by the imprudent Administration of Public Affuirk, to apply to this honourable House, to remedy those Evils which they feel and apprehend in common with the other Branches of the British Empire: The rapid Decline of our Manufactures, and the Annihilation of a very large Proportion of our Commerce, afford your Petitioners just Reason to dread, that if a Conduct similar to that by which they have been deprived of these Advantages be (till pursued, the ftnall Portion left them will not long be retained: Deeply interested as Your Petitioners are in the Welfare and Safety of those of His Majesty's Colonies which still continue to be Members of the British Dominions* they tremble for the dangerous Situation in which they stand, as in their Separation from His Majesty's Government would be involved the total Ruin of the only important Branch of Commerce now remaining to them: In this debilitated State, prested by the accumulated Weight of the Public Expence, they cannot avoid anticipating the additional Burthens which a Continuation of the present fatal and ruinous System must unavoidably bring upon them: Your Petitioners, therefore, humbly request this honourable House would adopt such Measures as its Wisdom may suggest, for enabling His Majesty to put an End to the unnatural, unfortunate, and expensive War in America, and for producing a radical Alteration in the Management of the Public Adairs, by which alone the Evils impending over us and our Posterity can be averted.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Enquiry The House was moved, That the Order made upon respe&inj Thursday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Com-N.valAfTair*. niittee of the whole House, upon that Day Sevennight, to inquire into the Causes of the Want of Success of His Majesty's Naval Forces during this War, and more particularly in the Year 1781, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon ThursdaySe-vennight, the 7th Day of February next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mint ' Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Indenture. Copy of the Indenture of the Mint.

upptyw The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1782 Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for <c raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One tliou-u sand Seven hundred and Eighty-one," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies raised at the Receipt of the Exchequer by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of an Act passed the last Session of Parliament, intituled, u An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Ufesaud Purposes therein mentioned," and to whom

Januarii. 1782.

the same were issued, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- ^ays ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Meaw. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And thfcn the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 2 90 die Januarii;

Anno 220 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

tOHN Claudius Billet took the Oaths appointed J in order to his Naturalization.

The Hour appointed for taking into Consideration Peole the Petition of Joshua Manger, Esquire, on Behalf of Eiediorv. himself, and John Adams, Esquire $ and also the Petition of several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants and Householders, and also> paying Scotland bearing Lot within the Borough and County of the Town of Poole, in behalf of themselves and others, in like Manner Inhabitants and Householders within the same, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough and County, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the M<*ce to the Places adjacent, and Fequire-the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Bu-finess of the House.

And he went accordingly*

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 100 Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked/ the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Twenty-five Members, then prt> sent, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And

JjournmMt.

Whale

Fifcciy.

21 Geo. III. Januarii. 53

And the Name of Abel Mayfey, Esquire, being Adventurers in the said Fishery Trade, asto the House

drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select shall seem meet.

£ommitiee by the Counsel for the Sitting Members, Or, That the said Petition be referred to the and his Name was set aside. Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to

And the Names of Nine other Members, then pre- whom it is referred to consider of an Act, made in the font, were drawn, who were not objected to Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

And the Name of John Elxces, Esquire, being intituled, "An Act for the betterSupport and Establish-drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select " ment of the Greenland and Whale Fishery."

Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioners, and his

Name was set aside. Mr. Abraham presented to the House, preston

And the Names of Fifteen other Members, then according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term of an Lancaster, present, were drawn, who were not objected to Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of &c-

Note, That in the Course of drawing the fa his late Majesty King the Second, for repairing

Names, the Names of Thirty-two other Mem- and widening the Road from Preston to , and

bers, then present, w ere drawn, and set aside from thence to a Place called Heiring Syke, that divides with the Names of those who were absent from the Counties of Lancaster and 1 Left more land: And the the House; Five, on account of their being same was received; and read the First Time.

Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, had before verified upon Oath; Three, on

account of their being Members against whose A Petition of Maurice George Riftet, Esquire, and Shrotort Returns Petitions were depending; One, on others. Lords of the Manor of Shepton in the

account of his being a Petitioner to this House, County of and of the Patron and Rector of 1

complaining of an undue Election and Return; the Rectory and Parish Church of Mallet afore-

and Twenty-three, on account of their then said; and of the several Persons whose Names are serving on Select Committees. thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and

And the whole Number of Krty-nine Members, so others, being Proprietors of, and interested in, a certain dvawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being Part of the Forest of situate within the Manor

complete, Lists of the said Names were delivered by and Parish of Mallei aforesaid; and also a certain the Clerk to the said Counsel. Piece of Waste Land, situate within the same Parish of

And the Door of the House being opened; Shepton , called was presented

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew. to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said

Common and Waste Lands contain together about Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Eight hundred and Four Acres of rich Ground, which House this Day, adjourn till Thursday Morning next. now lie open and in common, and are, in their present

Situation, incapable of any Improvement: And there-A Petition of the Merchants, and others, of the Port fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, immediately Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, the said interested in the Greenland and Whale Fishery, carried Common and Waste Lands, subject to such Rules, on from that Port, was presented to the House, and Provisions, and Directions, as to the House shall seem read; reciting an Act of the Eleventh Year of His proper and requisite.

present Majesty's Reign, for the better Support and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Establishment of the Greenland and Whale Fishery; pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that and setting forth. That the Bounty granted by the said Sir John Trevelyan and Mr. Rolle do prepare, and Act has been the principal Means of bringing the said bring in, the fame.

Fishery into a flourishing State, and thereby iupplying

the Kingdom with Oil and Bone, equal to the Cohfump- Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Supply* tion, besides great Quantities of Oil exported; and that Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred the Petitioners believe, that the great Advance of to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma-Seamens Wages and Insurance by Means of the War, jesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed with the Decrease of the Bounty to Twenty Shillings him to report to the House; which he read in his per Ton only, will hazard to set aside, or be a very Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's great Discouragement to, this Branch of the beneficial Table: WJiere the same were read; and are as fol-Commerce of the Kingdom, and the same will, in all loweth; viz.

probability, be again in the Hands of Foreigners; Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and that the Petitioners apprehend, an Increase of the That the Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Bounty at this Juncture, from Twenty Shillings to Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and Forty Shillings per Ton, will encourage the Adventu- discharging the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue rers in the said Trade to carry on the fame, and con- of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, tinue to the Kingdom in general, and the Individuals intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money adventuring, the experienced Benefit; and that the " by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Petitioners have found by Experience, that granting " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eightj'-one," Protections to the Chief Mate, Carpenter, and Cooper and charged upon the First Aids to be granted in this of each Ship, the same as the Harpooner, Line Manager, . Session of Parliament.

and Boat Steerer, would be of great Utility and Service Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* to the said Greenland Whale Fishery: And therefore That the Sum of One Million be granted to His praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer to allow the former Bounty of Forty Shillings per Ton, Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the lall for a limited Time, on the Shipping employed in the Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling said Trade, to take Place for the Benefit and Encourage- " His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for ment of such Ships as shall go out in the ensuing " the , Uses and Purposes therein mentioned," and Season; and that there may be a Clause inserted therein, charged upon the First Aids to be granted in this Session for protecting the Chief Mate, Carpenter, and Cooper of Parliament.

of every Ship, in the same Manner as the Harpooner, The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Line Manager, and Boat Steerer, is, by the said recited Time, were, upon the Question feverafly put there-Act, protected; or that such other Encouragement and upon, agreed to by the House.

Relief may be granted to the Petitioners, and all other.

Vol. 38. Th«

m

Wha'e

fishery*

Importation ot Italian lltfown

SiJk.

Accounts respecting the Woollen Trade.

654 2 90 — 31* 4. 1782;

The House, according to Order, resolved itfei-f into a Committee of the whose House, to consider of An Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Support and " Establishment of the Greenland, and Whale Fishery.

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refuoied the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Refutation; which they had directed him to report, wlieu the House will please to receive tlu* lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning ne*t.

The other Order of the Day being read.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for further " continuing an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the " Importation of Fine Organzined Italian Thrown Silk, " in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time,"

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he wa6 directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of Fine Organzined Ital Thrown Silk,

in any Ships or Vessels, for a Time to be limited.

And Mr. Ord moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of Fine Organzined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Ord and Sir Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in: and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantities of Woollen Goods of fU Sorts, exported from that Part of Great Britain called England, for Seven Years; viz. from 1772 to Christmas 1770; distinguishing the different

Y ears, and what have been shipped from the Port of London (Separately, and what have been shipped from the Out Ports, under one general Head, and for what Couatries abroad the Entries have been made; and also, an Estimate of the Value of such Woollen Goods as they stand in the Inspector General's Books: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Woollen

Y arn, imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, for Seven Years; viz. from Christmas 1772 to Christmas 1779; distinguishing the different Years in which the same have been imported: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Spanish or Vicunha Wool, imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, into the Port of London Separately, and into the Out Ports, under One general Head, for Seven Years; viz. from Christmas 17721 to Christmas 1779; distinguishing the different Years in which the same have been imported: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Irish Wool, imported from Ireland into that Part of Great Britain called England, into the Port of London separately, and 16

into the Out Ports, under one General Heed, for Seven Years: viz, from Christmas 1774 to 1779;

distinguishing the different Years in which the i'uitte have been imported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to Elrttm attend the said Select Committee, delivered in to the House one of the Lifts, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unflruck; to which 1 aft-mentioned Lift the Names of Abel Moyfey and John Elwes, Esquires, being added,

the same was called over; and is as follows:

Sir Charles Gould, William Drake Junior, Esquire, Edward Roe Yeo, Esquire, SirCharlton , Baronet,

John Parker, of Clithero, Esquire, Same Barnc, Esquire,

Abel Smith, Esquire, William Praed, Esquire, Abraham llaivlinfon, Esquire, Thotnas , Esquire, Henry Fletcher, Esquire, the honourable William , Francis Annejley, Esquire, Abel Moyfey, Esquire, John Elwes, A Esquire. I

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select 1

Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of I

Joshua Manger, Esquir e, on Behalf of himself, and John I Adams, Esquire; and also of the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants and Householders, and also paying Scotland bearing Lot, within the Borough and County of the Town of Poole, in Behalf of themselves, and others, in like Manner Inhabitants and Householders within the same, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith In the Third Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 31* die Januarii;

Anno 22* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and c«l» Jt\ Commonalty, of the Borough of Great , imported in the County of Norfolk, in Common Council assembled,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, JnB0#l' That an Act was made in the 5th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for regulating and ascertaining the Duties to be paid by the Unfreemen Importers of Coals into the Port and Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, whereby all Persons not free of the Corporation of Great Yarmouth are authorized, upon Paymentto

the Petitioners of the several Duties therein mentioned, to import Coals, Culm, and Cinders, into the said Port, and to sell the same in like Manner as Burgesses or Free* men of the said Corporation are authorized to do; and representing to the House, that Frauds are frequently practised by Shipmasters, and also by Persons importing Coals, Culm, and Cinders, into the said Port, in order toevade Payment of the Duties, to which the Petitioners are entitled by virtue of tire said Act; and that the Provisions contained in the said Act are not sufficient to prevent the Frauds which are practised as before-mentioned,

and.

d

2 i Geo. HI 310 JanuafiL 65§

and, unless the said Act be amended, and rendered more effectual, the Petitioners will be deprived ofa very ronsiderable Part of the Duties "ranted to them by the said Art: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Hill for amending and rendering more eftiftual the said Act, in Inch Manner, and under l'uch Restrictions, as the House shall think proper.

Order?d.That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr, Charles Town/!;end, Mr. Biing, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Gatherley A Petition of several Persons whose Names are there-floor Roads. niito subscribed, being Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending and widening the Roads from " the Turnpike Road upon Gather ley in the County of York, to Siaindrop, in the County o " ham; and from the said Turnpike Road near Smallways, acrol's the River Tees to Winston, in the said * County of Durham; and for building a Bridge over " the said River at or near Win/on Ford," was presented to the llotife, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have caused the said Roads to he amended and widened, and have built a Bridge over the River Tees, near Win/on Ford, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on Mortgage of the Tolls granted by the said Act, which have been expended in repairing and widening the said Roads, and building the said Bridge, which Monies Hill remain due, with a considerable Ar-rear of Interest; and that the Term for which the said Act was granted is near expired, and, unless the same is enlarged, and some Amendments and Additions are made in the said Act, the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, nor the said Road and Bridge kept in good Repair: Aiid therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, and for amending and rendering the same more effectual, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Chaylor, Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend lor Persons, Papers, and Records.

r'alewoithy, A Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to &c.Roais. put in Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Roads from Halezco in the Parish of u flow, in the Count}- of Cornwall, to the East End of " Wade bridge, in the said County; and from the West " End of Wadebridge aforesaid, into and through the " Borough of Mitchell, in the said County," was presented to the Ifonfe, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded to carry the said Act into Execution, and have repaired and amended the Roads therein mentioned, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, which at present they are unable to repay; and that the Term granted by the said Act is near expiring, and several Roads in the said Act mentioned are still greatly out of Repair, inso much that the same cannot be repaired, and kept in Repair, without the further Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill to enlarge VoL. 38.

the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration ofa Committee: Ar.d that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Chaylor, Mr.

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Ann Wharavi, Wife of Joseph Wharam, Wharam's a Midshipman, now on board His Majesty's Ship the Centaur, was presented to the House, and read: Setting ,rru*>‘ forth. That -the Petitioner, before her Marriage, did invent an infallible Method to prevent the Danger whichoften attends the hangingin the Stirrup, by Riders falling from their Horses, whereby the Lives of many Persons have been preserved; and that His Majesty, by Letters Patent, hearing Date the 23d Day of May 1769, wras plea fed to grant to the Petitioner an exclu-five Right of Property in the said Invention, for the Term of Fourteen Years; and that the Petitioner has; with great Attention and Pains, completed her said Invention, and has expended great Sums of Money to make it public; and that it is not in the Power of the Petitioner to carry her Invention into Execution, so as to make it universally known, and of general Use to the Public, nor will there be any reasonable Prospect to the Petitioner of being reimbursed the Sums of Money already expended, or of obtaining a proper Return and Recompence for her Labour, Time, and Expence in the said Invention, unless the Term of the said Letters Patent be further enlarged: And therefore praying*

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term granted to the Petitioner by the said Letters Patent.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it HialJ appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ripha Hill, Sir Philip Jennings Clerke, Scc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend lor Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the* Trustees, for putting in Tamworth Execution an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign Roads, of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Tamworth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, and Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees appointed in pursuance of the said Act, have proceeded to carry the same into Execution, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money, which, together with the Tolls thereby granted, have been duly applied for the Purposes therein mentioned; but the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, ami the Money borrowed be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act is continued, the Powers thereof altered and enlarged, some additional Tolls granted, and certain Restrictions, relative to the erecting Gates or Turnpikes at particular Places, repealed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Laioley, Sir Sutton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the.Speaker's Chamber;

8 E and

650 3l0 Janu ' 178 2.

and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

St. Cuthbert A Petition of the Right Reverend Father in God

Inc.oturc. Charles, by Divine Permission, Lord Bishop of Bath and IVclh\ and the Right honourable Thomas Lord Vif-eount Weymouth; and the humble Petition of

JjnelL, Esquire, Peter S/terfion, Esquire, Robert Michell, Esquire, Jehn Band, Esquire, James , Esquire,

Charles Phelps, Henry Phelps, William Sparrow, Joseph Teek, George Tufon, William Joseph

William Lovell, and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, called Crannell Great

Pill Moor, Little Pill M, Frog Moor, Load, and Chel-

uood, fitnate in the Out Parish of Cuthbert in

{Fells, in the County of Somersetand also Part of Sedge Moor, Part of Ilay Moor, Part of Row otherwise Round Moor, Part of Plott, and Part of the

Eoreft of Atendip, also fitaate in the said Out Parish of Saint Cuthbert in RW/.raforesaid, containing, by Estima-tion, Nine thousand Acres; and that it would be not only of great Benefit and Advantage to all Persons interested in the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, if the same were divided and inclosed, but of public Utility: And therefore praying. That. Leave may he given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting the said Moors Commons, and Waste Lands, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Trevelyan and Mr. Rode do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

TfcHffeli'i A Petition of Frederic of in Sioit-

N*t: zei'land, was presented to the House, and read; Pray-

ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Air. Parry and Mr. Ord do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Stourbridge, A Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed for &c. Road, putting in Execution the Powers ofan Act of Pari in men t, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for amending and widening the Road from the Market House in Stourbridge, to Colly Gate, ra Cradley, and from to Holly and from Colly Gale to Haland from the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood, to Rednali Green, in the Parish of Kingsnorton, and from Carters Lane, to the Bell Inn at Northfield, in the Counties of Stafford, and

Salop, so far as the same relates to the said Roads leading from the Market House in Colly Gate,

ami from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and from Colly Gate to Halefoiocnaforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have made great Progreft in repairing the said Roads, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising therefrom, which dill remain due; and the Petitioners find, that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and the Monies borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act is further continued, and the Powers thereof altered, amended, and enlarged, and in Part repealed; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if Power was given to continue the said Road leading from Colly Gate to Halefozven, from its present Termination at the End of the Town of into the Turnpike

Road leading out of the said Town of to

Birmingham, to unite and join with the said last mentioned Road, that the same would be of great public Utility: And therefore praying.ThatLeavemav be given to bring in a Bill to continue, enlarge, and render more effectual the said Act, in loch Manner, and under fuel*

16

Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that, they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Sir Robert;

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in tire Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Trustees for an Act, passed in Brecms the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Brobury

King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from *oaii the Town of Brecon to the Parish of Brobury, and to Whitney PaJJiige, in the County of Hereford, and of several other Persons whose Names are thereunder subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Act is near expiring, and the Money due on the Credit thereof canuot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Acts further continued and amended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, to en<-large the Term and Powers of the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as i shall appear to them, to the Honfc:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Morgan, Sir Charles Gould, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees, 'for executing Leadrnbw an Act, made-in the Thirty-second Year of the R *ign of Hill ko*is. his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, ‘f An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from a " Pkice called Littlegate, at the I'of of " Hill, in the County of Lincoln, to the Well End of

" Barnby Gate, in Newark upon Trent, and from the " Guide Post at the Division of Kelharn and Mujkham Lanes, to Mansfield, and from Southivell to Orton, in the County of Nottinghamand of several Persons who have advanced Money on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves as well as the other Trustees and Creditors, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded to execute the said Act, and have borrowed considerable Sums on the Credit thereof, which still remain due; and that the Tolls, and Money borrowed, have been duly applied in repairing and widening the Roads in the said Act described, and in executing the other Purposes thereof, and that several further Powers have been found necessary, as well as some Amendments to the Provisions of the said Act, and the Term;

granted by the said Act is near expiring; and that there is a certain Piece of Road, leading from Newark upon Trent aforesaid, to Kelham, containing about Two hundred Yards, which lies between Nezvark Bridge and the said Guide-Poll, at the Division of Kelham and Mujkam Lanes, and connects with the main Road at the said Guide-Poll, in the County of Nottingham, the Amendment of which will he of great Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be'givea to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for repairing and widening the Piece of Road above-mentioned, in such Manner, and under fuel) Provisions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And t hat they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mellish, Mr. c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the

ia Geo. III. 31° Januarii. 657

the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend Folliol Chaplain to this

House, for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday, before this House, at Saint

Whale Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the riflury. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for the better Support and Establishment of " the Greenland and Whale Fishery," the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Rejoined, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Bounty of Twenty Shillings Ton be allowed on all Ships employed in the Whale Fishery, for a Time to be limited.

The said Refolotion being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Or A and Sir Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

ormanby A Petition of John Sher Esquire, and Daniel Gre-

dofarc. gory, Esquire, Trullees for John Lord Viscount

a Minor, and of others, whose Names are thereto subscribed, Owners of Messuages, Cottages, and ancient inclosed Lands, within the Township of Thor manly, in the North Riding of the County of York, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Owners of Messuages, Cottages, and ancient inclosed Lands, within that Township, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the said Township, an open and uninclosed Carr, or Common, called Thormonby Carr.containing 250 Acres, or thereabouts, which is (locked in Right of the Messuages, Cottages, and ancient inclosed Lands, within the same Township; and that, if the said Carr, or Common, was divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the said Owners, according to their several Rights and I11-terefts therein, it would improve their Estate.s, and lend greatly to their Advantage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting those Purposes, subject to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fuantto the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Duncombeand Sir George Savile do prepare, and bring io, the fame.

Lsfkelf A Petition of Sir John Webb, Baronet, and other idosure. Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Township of liajkelf, in the Parish of Eajinguold, and North Riding of the County of

York, several open and uninclosed Commons, Waste Grouuds, and other Commonable Lands, known by the Names of The Land, The West , and The Hagg Moor, containing together 1,500 Acres, or thereabouts, which are now of I'm all Value, for want of proper Cultivation and Management, and are, in their present open State, incapable of Improvement; and that it would tend greatly to the Benefit of all the Petitioners, and be of public Utility, if the said Commons and Waste Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Petitioners, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons and Vol. 3S.

Waste Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall feein meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, nrfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Ir. Duncombe and Sir George Savile do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Birmingham Canal Navigation, was presented to the Navigation; House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Power was given to the said Proprietors, to make a Cut or Canal navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels with heavy Burthens, from the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to or near Oldbury, Tiplon Green, and Bilston, in the County of Stafford, by or near several large Coal Mines and Limestone Quarries, and from or near the said Town of Bilston, to or near Autherleyotherwise Alderjley, in

the said County of Stafford, there to join and communicate with the Canal then making between the Rivers Severn and Trent-, and also to make Two collateral Cuts up to, or as near to the said Coal Mines and Lime-stone Quarries as conveniently might be; and that, in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, another Act was passed to rectify a Mistake in the said former Act, and to explain and amend the fame; and that, in purl'uance of the Powers given 'by the said Acts, the said Proprietors proceeded in the Execution of the said Canal, and have long since completed the fame, and in the Execution thereof, have passed through various large Coal Mines and Limestone Quarries, but have fmee discovered that there are several other Tracts of Land near to the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, in which there are large and valuable Mines of Coal and Limestone, but to which the said Proprietors cannot by their present Powers extend their said Canal or Collateral Cuts; and that the Powers contained in the said Acts have been found insufficient for the Preservation and Management of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and it would tend greatly to the Interest of the several Land Owners in which such last mentioned Mines and Quarries lie, as well as be of great Advantage to the Public, if the Proprietors of the said Navigation were authorized to extend their said Canal from that Part of one of the said Collateral Cuts, in the said First Act mentioned, leading to Wednesbvry Hollowawhich lies near to a certain House called The Brick House, situate in the Parish of Westbromivich, in the said County of Stafford, by or near a certain Messuage called worth Hall, and from thence to or near a certain Fire Engine, called Broadwater Engine, with Six fma 11 Collateral Cuts from the same, to extend into and communicate with the Lands in which such new Mines and Quarries lie; and that the said Proprietors are desirous, at their own Expence, to make and execute such Extension of Canal, with the said several Collateral Branches, upon being allowed to take and receive the same Tonnage pro rata for the Distance of such Extension, and upon being granted such Powers, Privileges, and Authorities, respecting the lame, as are allowed by them to be taken and received, and are given and granted in respect of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts already made: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for giving such further Powers as maybe necessary for the Management and Preservation of the said Canal and Cuts already made, and for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal, from or near that Part of the said present Collateral Branch lying near to the said House called The Brick Hoij'e, by or near the said Messuage called Willingsworth Hall, and from thence to or near the said

Engine called Broadwater Engine, together also with the said Six Collateral Branches; and that the Petitioners may be intitled to receive similar Tonnage and Wharfage

6S8

31° Janua rii.

A. 1782.

Account of Sait Duties.

age Duties pro rata for such Extonsion of Canal and Collateral Cuts, and have the like Powers, Privileges, and Authorities, reflecting the fame, as are given to them by the fairi former Acts with respect to their present Canal and Collateral Cuts, with such additional Powers as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consuleration of a Committee: And that they do exa-amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall apjrear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Ran In/, Sir John Wrotlejlcy, See,: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr. , Se-

Jate to the Sale of, and ascertaining the Duties upon, East India Goods condemned as Prize in this Kingdom.

A Petition of John Salmon, Richard Clarke, James Clarke, Joseph Elvard, Cornelius Curtis, Elizabeth Batten, and others, was presented to the House, and rear!; Setting forth, That there are several Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, called Bleadnerj Moor, Ash Moor, and Knou'l Moor, situate in the Parish of in the County of Somerset, and Part of Moor, known

by the Name of Beggurlcy Leaze, Part of a Moor called IlayMoor, and Part of a Moor called Row, otherwise Round Moor, and a Plot of Ground called Plot, and Part of the Forest of also situate in

the said Parish of Wovkey, containing, by Estimation, i,too Acres, or thereabouts; and that it would be not

tv-w

bcl;.-;.

cretary to the Commissioners of the SaltDuties, attended only of great Benefit and Advantage to all Persons hi-

nt the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Gross and Nett Produce of the additional Duties on Salt, from 5th 1781 to

5th January 1782; dtiiinguilliing the Sums arising from the different Counties, as nearly as the Accounts will permit.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Importation of Italiati Thrown Silk.

terested in the said Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, if the same were divided and inclosed, but of public Utility: Ami therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, the said Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Iveave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Nolle and Mr. Parker of Devonshire. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Trnflees for putting in Execution an Art, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Secon I, for laving a Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One dixtii Part of a

D'lLcfi! T M

bcwii.

Sale of Enft lndU Prize Goods*

Order, a Bill for further continuing an Art, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-jeliy, for allowing the Importation of Fine Organzined Italian Thown Silk in any Ships or Vessels, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the

Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale, Porter, or Beer, brewed for Sale, or vended wit inn the Town and Parish of Dalkeith, and of several other Persons, being Inhabitants of the said Town of Dalkeith, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Duty, granted by the said Art, was to commence and have Continuance from and after the 2.4th Dav of June 1760, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and to »lie End of the then next Session of Parliament, lor Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Purposes of repairing the Streets of the said Town intituled, "An Act for extending the Provisions of Two of Dalkeith, and supplying the Inhabitants thereof with " Arts, made in the Eighteenth Year of His present frelli Wafer; and that the Trnfe es appointed by the Majesty's Reign, and in the last Session of Parlia- said Art, have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and " ment, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this have can fed the said Duty to he regularly col levied and " Kingdom, to SpanijhPrize Goods; and for repealing applied lor the Purposes aforesaid, which they have not " so much of the said last mentioned Art as relates to hitherto been able to complete; and that it would be " the Certificates for Prize Tea ami East India Goods of great Advantage to the said Town, and of public " exported from this Kingdom to Ireland; fertile Re- Utility, if the Purposes of the said Art were fully acmoval of East India Goods condemned as Prize at complished, which cannot he done unless the Term and " any Out-Port to London for Sale, and of Prize Goods Powers granted by the said Art be continued, there " for Exportation; and for reducing the Duty on Fo- being no other Revenue whatsoever belonging to the " reign Prize Tobacco," might be read. said d own: And therefore praying, That Leave may

And the same was read accordingly. be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term

The House was also moved, That an Art, made in and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as the

the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " expending the Provisions of Three Arts, made in the " Eighteenth. Nineteenth, and Twentieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, with respect to bringing " Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Prizes taken from " the States General of the United Provinces; for cledaring what Goods shall be deemed Military or Ship " Stores; for regulating the Sale of, and ascertaining " the Duties upon, East India Goods condemned as " Prize in the Port of Iwndon; for permitting the " Purchasers of Prize Goods condemned Abroad, to " import such Goods into this Kingdom, under the " like Regulations and Advantages as are granted by " Law to Captors themselves; and for reducing the " Duties on Foreign Prize Tobacco," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole I Ioufe, to consider of so much of the said Arts as- re-

House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consuleration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to The Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Adam, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Tmftoes appointed to put in Execution an Art, made in the First Year of the Reign of llis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repairing and widening several Roads leading to and " through the Towns of Weymouth and Mdcoabe " Real's, and Dorchester, in the County of whole Names are thereuntofubferibed, waspreleiiicuto the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petition.

re-

in£ ft's of edion.

Relief

Employ-

t.

n re-

ting

jes and ibonds.

*Y

\CT, &c.

1

til of the House.

22 Geo. III, 31° Januarii.- — -10 Februatii. 65

oners have made a considerable Progefs in the Execu- That the CaJI of the House be adjourned

tion of the said Act, and have borrowed several large till Monday Seven night, the 11 th Day of February next. Sums of Money, which, together with the Tolls col- That such Members as shall not then attend,

lested, have been duly applied; but the Reads by the be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending said Act directed to be repaired cannot be sufficiently this House. amended, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the

Term and Powers are further continued, and the said The other Order of the Day being read;

Act amended and rendered more effectual; and that The Names of such Members as, upon Monday the

the Road leading from the Parish of Warmwell, through 21st Day of this Instant January, made Default to the bar ilhes of Poxwell and OJ'mington, to the Church appear, were called over, and several of them appeared;

in the said Parish of Ojining/on, adjoining to the Roads and the Names of such Members as now made Default tinder the Management of the Petitioners (being a Part to appear, were taken down.

of the Roads directed to be repaired by an Act, made And the Names of such Defaulters being again in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty) called over, several of them appeared; and the rest of could be more conveniently repaired and amended them (except William Esquire, and Sir Watkin

if the same was added to the other Roads under the Williams Wynn, Baronet) were excused, either on Care and Management of the Petitioners; and the Account of Ulness, or as being Abroad.

Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution, The Name of William Jolliffe, Esquire, being called are desirous to be discharged from the Repair of the over, and he not appearing;

said Road: Anri therefore praying. That Leave may Ordered, That William Jolliffe, Esquire, do attend be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, the Service of this House Tomorrow Morning. subject to such Provisions and Regulations as the House The Name of Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, Baronet, shall think proper. being called over, and he not appearing}

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Ordered, That Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, Baronet, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do do attend the Service of this House Tomorrow Morning, examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

shall appear to them, to the House; And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

And it is referred to Mr. Ewer, Mr. Elwes, &c. i Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power

to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. ——

A Bill for the amending and rendering more effectual the Laws in being, relative to Houses of Correction, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir George Yonge, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Live of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir George Yonge, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Bill for amending and rendering more effectual the several Laws in being, relative to Rogues, Vagabonds, Beggars, and other idle and disorderly Persone, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, Sir George Yonge, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Bill to confirm, and carry into Execution, certain Articles of Agreement, entered into between the Right honourable James Earl of y and the Trustees

appointed by and under several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Comer, adjoining to Enfield Chace, in the Parish Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill, in the County of JJertford, and for turning and altering the said Road in the Manner mentioned, in the said Agreement, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That, the Bill he committed to Mr. Plumerr Mr. Shane, &,c.:, And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock,x in the Speaker's Chamber.;

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House,* being read;: -

Vol. 38.

VentriS) 1* die Februarii;

Anno 22* Georgii IIP1* Regis, 1^82. Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into ConfideN ation the Petition of Peter Johnflon, of,

Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

.. And being returned;

' The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Nine Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glafies, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Thirty-nine Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of John Sinclair, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select. Committee by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, apd his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Ten other Members, then present, were tlrawn, who were not objected to . n. Note, That in the Course of drawing the said ', Names, the Names of Twenty-nine other Mem* 8 F ' bers.

Defaulters on Call of the House.

Kirkcudbright

Election.

66o i® Febmarii. A. 1782.

bers, then present, were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House; One, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age or upwards, which he had before verified upon Oath; Two, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; Twenty-five, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees; and One, on Account of his having voted at the said Election.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete, the Counsel for the Petitioner nominated Archibald Macdonald, Esquire, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

rl he Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

<V,pping A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Poor and thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Parish of Streets. Saint John of Wa/)ping, in the County of on

Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Poor of the said Parish are very numerous, and are maintained and supported at a great Expence; and that the granting of proper Powers for better governing, maintaining, and regulating the said Poor, will tend to the more effectual Relief of such as by Age or Infirmities are rendered incapable ofsupporting themselves by their Labour, to the better Employment of the Able and Industrious, to the Correction and Puuishment of the Profligate and Idle, and to the Education of Poor Children in Religion and Industry, and thereby the ftkid Poor, instead of being wholly supported by the Inhabitants of the said Parish, may be brought to contribute to the Support and Relief mutually of each other, and be of some Advantage to the Community; and that the Buildings at present used as a Workhouse for the said Parish, are held upon Lease, the Term whereof is near expiring, and the said Buildings are very much out of Repair, and unfit for the Purposes for which they are now used; and that the providing a proper Workhouse, with faitable Offices and a Burial Ground thereto, will be of great Advantage to the Petitioners; and further setting forth, that a (mail Part of the East End of Lower and a

final! Part of the West End of High Street,

are so narrow, that no Carriage can pass, and that by widening the said Streets in those Parts, and turning an Arch over Hermitage Dock,a good Communication may

be made, as well for Carriages as Foot Passengers, from Wapping High Street into Loioer aforesaid;. and that the opening of such Communication, and also from Charlotte Street to Upper East Southfield by making a new Street, or Streets, across certain Fields, or Gardens, and through Black Yard, and from thence across East to

Lemon Street, and aStrcet, or Streets, from Nightingale . Lane into Virginia Street, and paving the said intended Streets in a proper and1 commodious Manner, and removing and preventing all Obstructions, Annoyances, and Incroachments- therein, would, not only be advantageous to the Petitioners, but of great public Utility-: And therefore praying, That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes before-mentioned in such Manner, and under such Regular tions, as the House shall think, proper.

Ordered, That the said' Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they dor examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Byng, the Earl of Surrey, Itc.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, 18

at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Most Noble Charles Duke of Worte, Norfolk, Lord of the Manor of in the County b-btc,

of Nottingham, and the humble Petition of the Reverend Philip Howard, Vicar of Worksop aforesaid, and of several Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the Open Arable Field, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Townships of Worksop and Radford, in the Parish of Worksop aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands belonging to the respective Proprietors in the Open Field, in the said Township of Worksop, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are at present incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that if Power was given to divide and inclose the Open Field, Commons, and Waste Grounds within the said Townships, the same would tend to the Benefit and Advantage of all Parties concerned: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-

fnant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the

Earl of Surrey, Lord Edward Bentinck, and Mr.

of Nottingham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Rofcxvarne reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed Ka& to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for more effectually amending " several Roads leading from and near the- Borough of " Truro, in the County of Cornwall, and for building " a Bridge over the River at a Place called The Steppings, in or near the said Borough,'' was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Notices required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Tom-pike Bills, had not been given within the Time required by the said Orders, but that the like Notice was given in the Sherborne Journal Three Times in January fall, and also affixed on the Door of the Sessions House of the said County at the last Christmas Quarter Sessions; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and bad directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk'sTabte: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

A Member present informed yow Committee, That the three Branches of Road described in the Petition, are together about Six Mites in Length — That they eormnonieate with the Roads directed1 to be repaired' by the said Act, and are at present almost impassable for Carriages, and cannot be effectually repaired by the Laws now in being; and that the said Road9, when properly repaired, will be as much frequented by Passengers as any other Roads in the Neighbourhood of Truro.

That at a General Meeting- of the Trustees for carrying the said Act into- Execution, held on the Seventh Day of January last, several Gentlemen of the County attended that Meeting, and represented to the Trustees the dangerous State of these Roads, and how necessary it was that the same should be immediately repaired and* madte safe for Passengers, and also the great Benefit the Country would receive thereby;- and- rpquested the Trustees to take the saidi Roads- uniter their Care and Management.

- That the Trustees, faking the Matter into their Consideration, and seeing the Necessity of having the said

Roads

faultcr on all of the House.

Ditto,

Britishi

tfufeum.

11 Geo. III. i° Feintarii. 661

' Roads immediately repaired, agreed to such Request, Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the and reiblved to apply to Parliament in the present Table.

Session, for Power to enable them to repair the said

Roads; and therefore caused the Notices to be given Sir Harbord H arbor d, from the Select Committee, Cricklade as before-mentioned. Who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of £leaion*

That the Trustees are willing to repair the said the Petition of Samuel Petrie, Esquire, coniplaihing of Roads, without erecting any Turnpike, or collecting any an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Crick-additional Toll upon Travellers. And he added, That lade, in the County of informed the House,

it will not be necessary to purchase any Land for widen- That the ibid Select Committee have determined, ing the said Roads. That Paul Esquire, is duly elected a Bur-

Mr. Jacob James confirmed the foregoing Evidence gefs to serve in this present Parliament for the Bo-

with respect to the present ruinous State of the Roads, rough of Crickladt, in the County of Wilts: and the great public Utility of having the same imme- And also. That the said Select Committee have dC-diately repaired. termined,

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That John Esquire, is not duly elected

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for extending a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the

the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year fold Borough of Cricklade:

of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending And also, That the said Select Committee have de-several Roads leading from the Borough of Truro, in the termined.

County of Cornwall, to the Roads leading from Short- That Samuel Petrie, Esquire, the Petitioner, is not lanes End, in the Parish of Kenwyn, to Callejlock Burrow, duly elected a Burgess to serve in "this present Parlia-and from The l\oo Burrows in the said Parish, to Perran ment for the said Borough of Cricklade

Alms HouJ'e, and from The Three Burroics in the said And also. That the said Select Committee have de-

Parish, to Saint Agnes Alms liovj'e, in the said County; termined.

The House divided. That the last Election for the said Borough of

The Yeas went forth. lade is void, with respect to one of the Burgessesto

Tpiiprs for rhp 5Mr- Rofewarne,7 serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

I Mr. Gafcm/ne, Senior: J And the said Determinations were ordered to he en-

rp „ . v r Sir George Vonge,7 tered in the Journals of this House.

tellers for the iNoes, jMr Baker:J 41 Sir Harbord Harbor d also reported from the said Se-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative. lect Committee, That they had come to several Resolu-

Ordered, That Mr. Rofewarne and Mr. Gascoynef tions, Which they had directed him to report to the Seuior, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill. House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-

wards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Ordered, That the Ol der of the Day, for the Attest- same was read; and the Resolutions of the Committee dance of William Jolliffe, Esquire, be now read. are as followeth; viz.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, Thait

The Name of the said Member Was called, and he there was the most notorious Bribery and Corruption appeared. at the last Election of Bttrgeffes to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of , in the County

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Atten- of Wilts. dance of Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, Barohef, be now Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, read. That the said Bribery and Corruption require the most

And the said Order being read accordingly; serious Corrsideration of Parliament.

The Name of the said Member1 was Caned, and he Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further appeared. -Consideratron Upon Monday Fortnight, the Eighteenth

Day of this instant February.

A Petition of the Trusteesof the British MuleUm, Ordered, That the Minutes of the Proceedings, taken

being offered to be presented to the House; before the fold Select Committee, be laid before this

The Lord North (by His Majesty's Command) ac- -House. quainted the House, That His Majesty, having been Ordered, That Mr. Speakcrdo not issue his Warrant, informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recon*- for the making out a new Writ for electing a Burgefe

Jnends it to the Consideratron of the House; <0 serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Cricklade,

Then the said Petition was brought up,- and read; until the House shall have proceeded1 to take the said

Setting forth. That in ifie-Second Year Of the Reign Report into further Consideratioir. of His present Majesty, the said Trustees represented to

Parliament, that the Sum allowed them for the Efta- Ordered, That there be laid before this House1, Ptpers blishment and Support of the said MufeunV, Was' re- Copies, or Extracts, of the Instructions given to Vice NretP^in£ dueed1 to a Capital of £. 30,000 Reduced Bank Aflnu- Admiral Darby, upon his failing in the Month of Sep- ava au*' ities, the Dividend of which, amounting to £.900, (ember1, 17*81; as also of any InftnlCtiortS lent to him wasi, notwithstand'ing the rr utmost Attention to the during his Cruize, forming their Establrflrment with Frugality, greaitly in-

sufficient for that Pnrpole; upon which RepreforttafioW A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are jrj;mwell

they have, at fundCy Times, obtained from this Hotrfe thereunto fwbscribed, Trustees for putting in Execu- Vent, &t.

Various 9ums to supply the Deficiency of their fncomrr, tion an Act, made in the Second Year of Hrs present Road.

which Sums, together with the Salary allotted to the Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening of the King's Librarian yearly, amounting to about £. 2^6, Road leading from Flimwell Vent, in the Parish of Tice-

have proved msufficient to defray the necessary Ex- hurst, in the County of Sussex, to and through a certain

pences of the said Mnfeunv, and what now remains in Place or Street called in the Parish of IJawk-

the Hands of the Trustees is not sufficient to defray hiirjl, in the County of Kent, and from thence through

the Expences of the current Year: And therefore the Parishes of Sandhurst and Newenden, in the said

praying the House to grant the Petitioners such far'- County of Kent, and through the Parish and Village or

ther Support, towards enabling them to Carry on the Street of Northiam, and Parishes of

Execution of the Trull reposed in them by Parliament, Rye, and Play den, to the Town of Rye, in the said

for the general Benefit of Learning' and tffeful1 Know- Cduhty of Sussex, and from Highgate aforesaid to a cer-

ledge, as< to the House fimfl seem* meet. ‘lain- Place1 culled Cooper's Corner, in the Parish of Sale-

- Vo Hn,38. hurst.

KirVruribright

Election.

Mel'*

Nut.

British

Rlufcum.

Committee on Coinage*

662 I. Februarii.

hurfi, In the said County of Sussex, and from High gate aforesaid to a certain Place called Tubbs Lake, in the Parish of Cranbrook, in the said County of Kent, was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, except with respect to the Road from High-gate to Tubbs Lake, whereoy no Turnpike has been erected, nor Toll taken; and that the Petitioners have made great Progress in repairing the other Roads included in the said Act, and have borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls of the Road leading from Flimivell Vent to the Town of Rye, the Sum of6,370, ami on the Credit of the Tolls of the Road leading front High-gate to Cooper's Corner, the Sum of 500, which are still owing; and that the said Act is nearly expired, and the Petitioners find that the said Roads cannot be kept in Repair, and the Interest of the said Sums of Money paid, unless some further Tolls are granted, the Term of the said Act enlarged, and the Act in some other Respects varied and made more effectnal: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to increase the Tolls, and enlarge and prolong the Term and Powers of the said Act, and to- repeal so much thereof as relates to the Road from Highgate to Tubbs Lake.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. Minchin, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to feud for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Counsel and Agents b°fore-mentioned being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, delivered in to the House One of the Lifts which had oeeu firuck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining un-struck; to which last mentioned Lift the Names of John Sinclair anii Archibald Macdonald, Esquires, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

SirWatkin Williams Wynn, Baronet, Lord vendijli, John Old, Esquire, Henry Banks, Esquire, Bamber Gascoyne, Junior, Esquire, Thomas Whitmore, Esquire, Sir Walter Raivlinfon, John Dawes, Esquire, Thomas Berncy Bramston, Esquire, Noel Hill, Esquire, Francis Fozvnes Luttrell, Esquire, John Esquire,

the Right honourable Thomas John Sinclair,

Esquire, Archibald Macdonald, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Peter Johnston of Carnj'alloch, Esquire, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the First Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

A Bill for naturalizing/o/nz Claudius Billet, was read a Second Time.

Rejoiced, TUat the Bill be committed to Mr. Master-man, Mr. Elwes, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money granted by Parliament for the Use of the British Museum, and of the Expenditure thereof.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to enquire into the divers Expences incident to and attend-

ing the Coinage of Gold alloyed with Tin; and tore-port the Total of the said Expence to the House.

And a Committeewas appointed of the Lord Mahon,

Mr. Elwes, Mr. Rous, Sir Grey Cooper, Sir George Ha-vile, Mr. Grenville, Sir Philip Jennings Clerke, Mr.

Minchin, Mr Hi fey, Mr. Eyre, Mr. Smith, Mr. Ken-rick, Sir Archibald Edmonstone, Mr. Rolte, Mr. Ewer,

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Byng, Mr. DunMr. Salt, Sir George Shuckburgh, Sir Richard Hot ham, Mr.

Mr. Honyzvood, Mr Frederick Montagu, Mr. Hartley,

.Mr. Tozonjhend, Colonel Bane, General Burgoyne,

Mr. Adam, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Elliot, Mr Burke, Sir William Dolben, Mr. Banks, Mr. Jackson, Mr.

Sir Richard Sutton, Mr. Robinson, Lord Palmerston,

Lord Westcote, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Mr. Dimfdale,

Mr. Graves, Mr. Parry, Sir James Penny man.

Ordered, That the said Committee, or any Five of them, do meet Tomorrow Morning, at Niue of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to adjourn from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fit during the Sitting, and notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, humbly to beseech His Majesty, that Orders be sriven to the Officers of the Mint in The Tower of London, to make such Experiments as the said Committee shall deem necessary for ascertaining the moll perfect Manner of manufacturing the Coin of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Supply, a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed, the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Ordalfo acquainted the House, That he was

directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to FI is Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjwmr*. Floufe this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

A Motion was made, and the Qileftion being pro- Debt incur-posed. That to incur a Debt, with the India Com- red with £af pany of £. 241,000, on account of the Office of Ord- WI. nance, without having Hated the fame, as it has been ' annually incurred, in the Annual Estimate laid by the said Office before this House, in order that this House, being apprized thereof, might have either prevented the Growth of the said Debt, or have made a timely Provision for the fame, is a blameable Proceeding, and tends to deceive this House.

A Motion wras made. That the other Order of the Day be now read.

Which last mentioned Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the Question being put. That to incur a Debt with the East India Company of £. 241,000, on

account

' ~ -

ccount of rdnance rbciitures.

cconnt of Alt Pelre.

Ditto.

Ways mu Means.

Snlrafh

Licdiou.

Ea* India

Aiialrs.

22 Geo. III.

account of the Office of Ordnance, without having Hated the same as it has been annually incurred, in the Annual Estimate laid by the said Office before this House, in order that this House, being apprized thereof, might have either prevented the Growth of the said Debt, or have made a timely Provision for the fame, is a blameuble Proceeding, and tends to deceive this House;

It palfed in the Negative.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Ordnance Debentures issued and out-standing before the ift o f Febr 1782.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Salt Petre delivered by the East India Company to the Hoard of Ordnance, from the

ift o ['January 1770 to the ill of Januan) 1782; distin-

guishing each Year, likewise hating the different Times of Delivery, the different Prices at which it was fold, and the different Times of Payment, and the Funds out of which such Payments have been made; and how the Account between the Board and the East India Company now Hands with respect to that Article.

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Salt Petre remaining in their Possession on the ill of December

1781.

The other Order of the Day being read;

lir/idied, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider further of V/avs and Means for raising the Suplpy granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 40 die;

Anno 220 Georgii III*'' Regis, 1782. Prayers.

TV/FR. Frederick Montagu, from the Select Commit-1VJL tee, who were appointed to try and determine tin* Merits of the Petition of John . Esquire; and alfq

the Petition of Sir William Lemon, and others. Freehold^ ers within the Borough of Salfash, in the County of Cornwall, on Behalf of themselves and all the other Freeholders within the said Borough, severally co:n? plaining of an undue Election and Return lor the said Borough, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Right honourable Charles is duly

elecied a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall: And ali'o, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Sir Grey Cooper, Baronet, is duly elecied a Bur-

gefs to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Sal'cjh.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland, from the Committee of Secrecy, appointed to enquire into the Causes of the War that now fuhiills in the Carnatic, and of the pre-font Condition of the British Possessions in those Parts, and to report the same to the House, with their Obfer-Vol. 38.

66$

vations thereupon, acquainted the House, That the Committee had made some Progress in the Matters to them referred; and haddirested him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered t he fame; together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sum-cient for the Use oi' the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Sir Harbord Harbord presentod to the House, pursuant to their Order,

The Minutes of the Proceedings taken before the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determinethe Merits of the Petition of Samuel Petrie, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts.

And the said Minutes were read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Minutes be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Sir Charles Gould, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of JojhuaMauger, Esquire, on Behalf of himself

and John Adams, Esquire; and also the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants and Housholders, and also paying Scotland bearing Lot, within the Borough and County of the Town of Poole, in Behalf of themselves and others, in like Manner Inhabitants and Householders within the same, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Poole, in the County of Dor-Jet, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That Joseph Gulston, Esquire, is duly elecied a Bur-

gefs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Poole, in the County of Dorset:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined,

Th&t William Morton Pitt, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Poole.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be en- tered in the Journals of this House.

A Petition of the Right honourable the Lord Provoll, tire Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and lead; Setting forth, That by an Act, made in the Twenty-third Parliament oiFJvag James the Sixth of Scotland, it is enacted, That from and after the ill Day of May 1618, no Fleshers, or. Butchers, shall be suffered, by themselves, their Servants, or others, in their Names, to keep any Slaughter Houses/within this Burgh, but shall provide themselves with Slaughter Houses on the Side of the Loch, or Lake, on the North Side of the said City, called The North Loch, where they might have the Use of Water for their Business;and that, by the Extension of the said City under, the Authority of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for extending the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh, the said North Loch became situated almost in the Cehtre of the said Cky: and the fame, which heretofore contained. a large Rody of Water, was drained, and the Slaughter Houses are. now become a public Nuisancet and greatly detrimental to the Inhabitants of the said City, and all Persons resorting thereto; and that if the Shambles belonging to the said Butchers were removed to a-remote Part of the City, called rto

8 G some

i° — 4* Februarii.

Crickkde

Election.

Pool*

Ele&ioft.

Edinburgh City Improvement.

664 4* Febfuafii. 1782.

forpe other Place neai* the Sea Shore, Or on the Sides of Swindon arid being Twelve Miles; and that

some of the Rivers and Brooks in the Vicinity of the it would be of great Convenience t.o all Persons travel-laid City, the Butchers might be much better accommo- ling that Way, and to the Neighbourhood, if those Twelve dated with Water, and other Conveniences necessary for Miles of Road were sufficiently amended and kept iii their Business,*and the principal Parts and Streets of the Repair; but the same cannot be done by the ordinary said City would be relieved from the great Nuisanfce of Cotlrfe of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may the Slaughter Houses; and that the Petitioners con- be given to bring in a Bill for amending and keeping ceive there are certain other Powers necessary to be in Repair the said Road, under such Regulations as the vested in the Magistrates of the said City, for the better House tliall think proper.

Government and Regulation of the fame, which cannot Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the effectually be done without the Aid of Parliament: Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it bring in a Bill for removing the Shambles and Slaugh- shall appear to them, to the House: tering Houses from the Places where they now are, and And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Goddard,

also for removing other Nuisances within the Liberty of &c»: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at the said City, and for veiling certain Powers in the Ma- Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have gillrates for the better Government and Regulation of Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

the said City.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof { and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hunter , the Lord Ad-

vocate of Scotland, See.: And they are to meet To-roor-row Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Committee The Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the House, That oa.Coinage, their Address of Friday lad (humbly to beseech His Majesty, that Orders be given to the Officers of the Mint in the Tower of London, to make such Experiments as the Committee, appointed to enquire into the divers Expences incident to and attending the Coinage of Gold alloyed with Tin. and to report the Total of the said Expence to the House, shall deem necessary for afeer-taining the moll perfect Manner of manufacturing the Coin of this Kingdom) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

ffi-. A Petition of Jacob Earl of , Lord of the

Inclosure. Manor, and Patron of the Church, of Stanton Saint -

- tin, in the County of Wilts, and the humble Petition

of Samuel Smith, Clerk, Rector of the said Church, and bf others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Parish of Stanton Saint Quintin aforesaid, certain Open Common Fields and Commonable Places, which are capable of great Improvement by an Inclosure; and that the Lands of the said Earl, as well at Rack Rent as Leasehold, holden under him, and the Glebe Land of the said Rectory, are greatly intermixed and dispersed, and in their present State cannot be occupied to the bed Advantage; and that it wauld be a great Benefit to all the Persons interested, if the said Common Fields and Places were divided and inclosed, and the old Inolofures exchanged, and laid convenient for the respective Occupiers of the several Farms: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fnant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Penruddock and Mr. Goddard do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Iwindon to A Petition of sundry Persons residing in the Neigh-fai Road°n bourhood of Swindon, in the County of and of

Farringdon, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the nearest Road for Carriages from Bath to goes through the said

Towns of Swindon and and that all the said

Road is amended by Means of Tolls collet-led at Turnpikes by Art of Parliament, except the Road between iK

A Petition of several of the Trustees for executing Crcfon Two Arts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth thtltohci! Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for lr making a Road from the EastSide of the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, to the East End of Church Street, and to open a Way or Road into Shoreditch, and for opening, paving, and regulating Old Cock Lane, New Cock Lane, Church Street, and the Road on the West Side of the Opening into Shoreditch, and for removing Nuisances and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the same for the future, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition of several of the Mortgagees under the above-mentioned Arts, hath been presented to the House, Hating, that they and others have, at different Times, advanced on the Credit of the said Arts divers Sums of Money, amounting to £.3,775, which, together with a considerable Arrear of Interest, is Hill owing, and that they not only find great Difficulty and Delay in procuring from the Petitioners, the Trustees, the Interest of their respective Mortgages, but, from the Knowledge they have of the Income arising from the Tolls granted by the said Arts, they have not any Hopes of being paid off any Part of their original Mortgage Debts, without the Aid and Interposition of Parliament; and that the Petitioners acknowledge the several Fa6ts set forth in the said Petition to be true, and j udging from the present State of the Income of the Trust, believe the Apprehensions of the Mortgagees, as expressed in the said Petition, to be well founded; and that the Grievances complained of by the said Petitioners have been occasioned by the Operation of certain general Arts of Parliament and local Cir; cumstances, by which the Income arising from the Tolls granted by the said Art of the Twenty-ninth of his late Majesty, hath been so fardiminished, as to render the Trustees incapable of fulfilling their Engagements to their Creditors, or of accommodating the Public, by keeping the said Roads, Streets, and Ways, in proper Repair; and that an Act waspaffed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for applying the Sum of £. 9,000, to arise out of the Surplusses of the Orphan's Fund, for the Purpose of making a Passage for Carriages from Spit a I Fields to Bishopsgate Street, in the County of Middlesex; but the Work for which the said Sum was granted by Parliament is not yet begun, nor, from various Circumliauces, is it probable that the Plan for making the Opening thereby directed should for some Time to come be carried into Execution; and that the said Sum was, by the said Art, directed to be lodged in the Hands of John Spillerand Baker, Esquires, in Trust, by whose Care and Management a considerable Addition hath been made to it by the accumulating of Interest.; and that the maintaining of the said Road, Streets, and Ways, in good an'd sufficient Repair, being as essentia! to the Accommodation and Convenience of the Inhabitants of Spital Fields and Parts adjacent.

— iz^ b

a 2 Geo. III.

4° Februarii.

cent, and the Public in general, as it is presumed the making of the Opening directed by the said Act of the 'Eighteenth of His present Majesty will be, the Petitioners beg Leave to suggest, that it would be for the Advantage of their Creditors, the Neighbourhood of SpitalFields, and the Community at large, that the Sym so accumulated by the Interest of the£. 0,000 as aforementioned, should be applied for the Benefit of the Road, Streets, and Ways entrusted to the Care of the Petitioners, and towards discharging a Part of their present Debt: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Means for satisfying their Creditors and serving the Public, as to the House shall feetn meet and re-quisite.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Creditors under Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for making a Road from the East Side of the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, in the County of sex, to the East End of Church Street, and to open a Way into Shoreditch, and for repairing, paving, and regulating Old Cock Lane, New Cock Church , and the Road on the West Side of the Opening into Shoreditch, and for removing Nuisances and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the same for the future, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

0

A Petition of several of the Trtiftees for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads from Shoreditch Chthrough Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath over Bethnal Green to the Turnpike at M End, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church, through to

Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at End, in the County of Middlesex; which Act was continued and amended by an Act, made in the Twenty*sixth Year of His said Majesty's Reign j and that by an Act; made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the same Reign, the said former Acts were further amended, and Power given to erect Lamps and appoint Watchmen on the said Road; and that the Trustees for the said Acts have proceeded, from Time to Time, in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed a large Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls; a considerable Part whereof still remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the Roads completed and kept in Repair for the future, unless the said Acts be further continued and amended, and some additional Powers and Assistauce granted; and it would be a great Accommodation to Persons paGing along the said Roads, if Provision was made for watering the same in dry Seasons; and that the Turnpike Road in the said Town of Hackney, is in some Parts very narrow, and is frequently annoyed, and the Passage rendered unsafe, by the irregular Standing of Hackney Coaches and other Carriages; and it is necessary some further Regulations should be made respecting the fajne: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of the said Acts, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderrhan Wilkes, Mr. Byng, SiC.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning,

Vol. 38.

at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and.Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting id Bawtry, &c. Execution an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Road* Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending and widening the Road from Baiotry to Shes field, and from Sheffield to the South Side of in

the County of York, W'here it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham to Manchesterand of several of the Creditors upon the Tolls by the said Act granted, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have made great Progress in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money Upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted; which cannot be repaid, nor the good Purposes of the said Act completed, unless the Term thereby granted, and which is near expiring, be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, so far as the same relates to the Road leading from the West End of the Town of Baiotry, in the County of York, near to the Old Chapel adjoining or contiguous to the said Town of Bawtry, through the Lane towards and over Tickhill Liberty, and through Part of the Town of Tickhill, and Part of the Liberty of Maltby Wood, and the Town of Mallby, and from thence by or near to Hellaby Hall, and over Bramley Lings or Common to Wickerjley, and through Wood, in

the Parish of Whijton, and over Part Common, in the Parish of Rotherham, and through the Town of Tinsley to the Town of Sheffield, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Galtcay, Mr. Laf-celles, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers; and Records.

A Petition of Beef on Long, of London, Merchant, was Tid Stint presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Thai Giln, *< the Petitioner is Owner of certain Lands in the Parish of Tid S.aint Maiy's, in the County of Lincoln, Part of which, are Salt Marshes and Sands, bounded on the South and South East by the old Channel of the River; and that atl Act was made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Tid Saint Giles and Newton, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and in Tid Saint Mary's, in the County of Lincoln, whereby the Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, for the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford are impowered to open a certain Work thentofore begun by the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the said Great Level, and intended to have been completed, called Kinder leyl Cut, and to make and continue the said Cut, and also to make such Dam or Bank in and over the then present Channel of the WijbechRiver, as in the said Act is mentioned;

and that the Petitioner is doubtful whether, by* the Words of a Clause in the said Act, the Petitioner's said Lands, bounded as aforesaid, may not be hereafter claimed by the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the said Great Level, as vested in them by virtue of the said Act; and that the Petitioner apprehends it was not the Intent and Meaning of the said Act to take away Private Property, except

666 4 ' Februarii1782.

so far as was necessary for the Purpose of making the &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, said Cut, Drain, and Bank; and the Petitioner being at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; desirous not to give any Obstruction to a Work of great and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Utility, did *,'ot infill on aCompensation for the Damage Records, done to his inflate being first settled; and that the Petitioner did not consent to the parting with his Property A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Assistants Rocte-in the said Sands, nor could consent thereto, the same or Common Council, of the City of in the

being in drift Settlement, and he being Tenant for County of Kent, in Common Council assembled, in the Dttu Life thereof only, with Remainder to his First and Guildhall of the said City, and of several Gentlemen, other Sons successively in Tail Male: And therefore Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants of the said City, praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill and also of the several Parishes of Nicholas and to explain or amend the said Act, fb far as may be Saint Cobham, Shorne,

necessary to prevent any Prejudice to the Petitioner's Higham, Clife, Cooling, Halflow, Chalk, Hoo,

Right to the said Sands. . Barham.Hailing, Chatham and

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Gillingham, Rainham, Newington, Milton, and Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- bourne, in the said County of Kent, was presented to amine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said City shall appear to them, to the House: and Parishes are very populous, and a great Num-

And it is referred to Mr. Long, Mr. Frederick ber of Persons are employed therein, many of whom Montagu, tcc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow contract small Debts, and although they are well able, Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers yet frequently refuse to pay the same, presuming on Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Pa- the Difficulties their Creditors lie under, by the great pers, and Records. Expence and Delay in suing for such Debts in the

Courts of Law; and that the Petitioners apprehend,

CmIs used in A Petition of John Dawes, Esquire, on Behalf of if a more easy and speedy Method of recovering Small Awglefey himself and others. Owners, Proprietors, and Lessees, Debts was established within the said City and Parishes, of Copper and Lead Mines in the Isle of Anglesey, was the same would greatly tend to promote. Industry and presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That useful Credit therein, and be of great Benefit and Uti-there are several considerable Mines of Copper and lity to the Inhabitants thereof: And. therefore praying,

Lead in the said Isle, and the Petitioner and other Per- That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the fons who are concerned in raising Copper and Lead more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within therefrom are obliged, on account of the Want of the said City and Parishes, in such Manner, and under Coals and other Fuel in the said Isle, to carry their such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Copper and Lead Ores, at a very considerable Ex- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the pence, to other Places at a great Distance, where Coals Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-pay no Duty, in order to be finelted; and that the mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it heavy Expence which the Petitioner and others necefla- shall appear to them, to the House: rily incur on Account of the high Price of and Duty And it is referred to Mr. Gregory, Mr.-on Coals in the said Isle, is a great Discouragement, as And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of well to the Lessees, Owners, and Proprietors of the the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power said Mines, as to other Persons who'might become Ad- to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, venturers therein; and that in the Progress of working the said Mines, they mull necessarily go to such a A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Depth; that, from that Circumstance, and the Situation thereunto subscribed. Owners of Lands and Residents to Rw!4 of the Ore, it will be impossible for the Water to be within the several Counties of Chester and Denbigh, or R°*-1 drawn and kept out of them without the Help of Fire one of them, was presented to the House, and read; Engines, in working of which great Quantities of Coals Setting forth. That the Public Highway leading from must be used, in procuring whereof the Lessees and Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Barnhill, in the Owners and Proprietors of Copper and Lead Mines in County of Chester, is in many Places out of Repair, the said Isle will be under the same Difficulties and Dif- and there are several deep hollow Ways in the said couragementasinsupplying themselveswithCoalsfor the Road, which are narrow and incommodious, so that the Purpose of Smelting; and that, as an Encouragement for said Road cannot be effectually amended, widened, and raising Tin and Copper Ores, a Drawback on the Duties repaired, by the ordinary Conrfe of Law: And thereon Coals consumed infmelting such Tin and CopperOres fore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a ill the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, was granted Bill for repairing and widening the said Road, from by an Act, made in the Ninth Year of Queen Anne, and Wrexham to Barnhill aforesaid, in such Manner as to also a like Drawback on the Duties on Coals used in the House shall seem meet.

Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Mines of Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Tin and Copper within the County of Cornwall, was Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-granted by an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it King George the Second; and that the Petitioner ap- shall appear to them, to the House: prebends, if the like Drawback was to be allowed for And it is referred to Sir Wat kin Williams Mr. all Coals consumed in smelting of Copper and Lead: And they are to meet lo-morrow Morn-

Ores, and in working such Fire Engines, within the ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; said Isle, the Petitioner and other Persons would been- and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re-abled to work the Copper and Lead Mines in the said cords.

Me more effectually, as well to the Advantage of the

Lessees, Owners, and Adventurers, as of the Public A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and In- $0^ in general: And therefore praying the House to take habitants, of the Town and Borough of , in Co«tif

the Premises into Consideration, and to gave such Re- the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, ^wri-

Jief therein as to the House shall seem meet. and read; Reciting Letters Patent of the 23d of April,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the in the Fourth Year of King Edward the Sixth; and Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- setting forth, That the said Town and Borough is of

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it great Antiquity, and a very large and extensive Trade

shall appear to them, to the House: is carried 011 therein; and, by virtue of the said Letters

And it is referred to the Lord Bulkeley, Mr. Morgan, Patent, a Court of Record hath been usually held in 15 ‘I*

- .

Billet'*

Nat.

chiffelft

Nat.

Bingham

vigatioxfc

v-

12 Geo. III. 4* Februam. 66*}

the said Town and Borough drift every Week, for entering and carrying on the necessary Proceedings in bringing to Issue and Trial of Causes in all Personal Actions arising within the Jurisdiction thereof, but that the Mode of proceeding therein for the Recovery of Debts and Damages betw een Forty Shillings and Teh Pounds is very dilatory, and the Expences attending the same are very burthensome to the Suitors of the said Court, by Means whereof many Persons now fub-ihit to the Loss of their just Debts; and that, if the Proceedings of the said Court were regulated and shortened, and the Creditor enabled to recover his Debts or Damages in a more fmnmary Way, and the Expences attending the Prosecution of Suits in the said Court were reduced, the Petitioners apprehend the same Would be of great Advantage to all Persons redding within the said Borough, and of publib Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring In a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the Hotlfe.

And it is is referred to Mr. FolftW, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the £lodk, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. MasterfndA reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing John Claudius Billet, i^/otfrtnitted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the Hoafe, without any Amendment: And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table. Ordered, That the BHI beingrossed.

Mr. Party presentdd to the House, according to Order, a Biltfbr naturalizing Frederick And

the same was received1; and lead the First Time.

BeJHved, That the BUI be read a Second Time.

Sir Robert Laudeyreported front the Committee, to

whotn the Petition of the Gompatiy of Proprietors of the Brrtnirighaih Canal Navigation was referred; That the Committee bad examined, and found' that the Standing Ortlert of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and thUt the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and-had* directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and1 afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from ham to BUftone, and from thence to Autherley, there to communicate with the Canal now making between the Rivers Severn'and Tren; and for making Colla-

tcifel Cuts tip^tro several Coal Mines:" And also,

An Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His said Majesty, to rectify a Mistake in the lait-mentioned Act, and to explain and amend the fame; were read. And, John Meredith, Esquire, Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, being examined, said. That in pursuance of the Powers granted by the said Acts, the Proprietors have completed the said Navigation; and in the Execution thereof, passed through various large Coal Mines and Limestone Quarries, and have since discovered, that there are several other Tracts of Land Dear to the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, in which Vol. 38;

there are large and valuable Mines of Coal and Lime-stone, but to which the said Proprietors cannot, by their present Powers, extend the said Canal or Collate* ral Cuts.

That it would tend greatly to the Interest of the several Land Owners where such last mentioned Mines and Quarries lie, and be of great Benefit to the Town of Birmingham, and of public Uiility, if the Proprietors Were empowered to extend the said Canal from that Part of ofte of the said Collateral Cuts leading to Wednesbury Holloway, which lies near to a certain House called The Brick House, situate in the Parish of West Bromwich, in the said County of Stafford, by or near a certain Messuage called Willingsworth Hall, and from thence to or near a certain Fire Engin,e called zca/er Engine, with Six small Collateral Cuts from the same, to communicate with the Lands in which such new Mines and Quarries lie.

And the Witness further said. That the said Proprietors are desirous, at their own Expence, to make and execute such Collateral Branches, upon being allowed the same Tonnage, pro rata, for the Distance of such Extension, and upon being granted the same *

Powers and Authorities as were allowed them in respect of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, already made.

And he added. That some of the Powers granted by the said Acts have been found insufficient for the Purposes intended, there not being a Power adequate for the Punishment of small Offences.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation to make and maintain an Extension of Canal from the Parish of West Bromwich to Broadwater Fire Engine, and to make Six small Collateral Cuts from the lame, to lead to several Coal Mines: And that Sir Robert Lawley, Sir George Shuckburgh, and the Lord Lewi/ham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Te. suant to their Address to His Majesty, spedting Ex-

N° 1. Extract of a Letter from Major General change of Phillips to the Secretary at War, dated December 2d P|,‘foaen. 1770: And also,

N° 2. Extract' of a Letter from the Secretary at War to Major General Phillips, dated 3d April 1780:

And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Major General Phillips to the Secretary at'War, dated March 1111780: And also,

N° 4. Extract of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated March'28th 1780: And also,

N° 5. Extract of a Letter from the Secretary at War to Major General Phillips, dated 5th July 1780:

And also,

N° 6. Copy of a Letter from Major General Phillips to the Secretary at War, dated Augajt 15th 1780:

Incloling,

N° 7. Copy of a Letter from Major Generat Phillips to Lord George Germain, dated August 15th 1780: And also,

N° 8. Copy of a Letter from the Secretary at War to Major General Phillips, dated 4th October 178(1:

And'also,

N° 9. Copy of a Letter from Major General Phillips to the Secretary at War, dated 27th September 1780:

And also,

N° 10. Copy of a Letter from Major Ge lips to the Secretary at War, dated 31st October 1780:

Incloling,

N° 11. Copy of a Letter from General Sir Henry Clinton to Major General Phillips, dated New York, October 27th 1780.

N° 12. Copy of the Certificate of Major General Phillips's Exchange, from the American Comm illary General of Prisoners, New York, October acth 1780.

8 H N* 13.

Papers re.

Ipecting Exchange of Pfifontrs*

668 ' a° FebruaA. 1782

N® 13.. Copy of the Certificate of Major General de RcidcfcCs Exchange, from the American Commissary General of Prisoners, dated New York, October 25th 1780.

N° 14. Return of Officers in England, Prisoners to

the Americans, who were exchanged at New

York, 26th October 1780: And also,

N° 15. Copy of a Letter from the Secretary at War

to'Major General Phillips, dated 5th December 1780:

And also,

N° 16. Ext raft of a Letter from the Secretary at War to Major General Phillipdated ^th December *780: And also,

N° 17. Copy of a Letter from Major General Phillips to the Secretary at War, dated York, 18 th

December 1780: And also,

N° 18. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated 20th December 1780: Inclosing,

N° 19. Extract of a Letter from Major General Phillips to General dated 4th No-

: vember 1780.

N® 20. Extract of a Letter from Sir Henry Clinton to General Washington, dated November

1780.,

N® 21. Copy of Propositions by Major General Phillips, dated 4th November 1780.

N® 22. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Loving. British Commissary General of Prisoners, to Mr.

ner, American Commissary General of Prisoners, dated 4th November 1780.

N® 23. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Skinner, American Commissary General of Prisoners, to Mr. Coring, British Commissary General of Pri-

foners, dated 7th November 1780.

N® 24. Copy of a Letter from General

to Major General Phillips, dated Head Quarters, 9th November 1780.

N® 25. Extract of a Letter from General ' ton to General Sir Clinton, dated 20th

November 1780.

N° 26. Extract of a Letter from Sir Henry Clinton to General Washington, dated 29th November 1780.

N® 27. Copy of a Letter from Major General Phillips to Brigadier General Irvine, Colonels Mathews and Ely, American Prisoners of War, dated 30th November 1780.

N® 28. Extract of a Letter from General Washington to Sir Henry Clinton, dated 9th December 1780: And also,

N* 29. Copy of a Letter from Major General Phillips to the Secretary at War, dated Nezo York, 24th January 1781: Inclosing,

N* 30. Copy of a Letter from Major General Phillips to General Washington, dated New York, December 23d 1780.

N® 31. Extract of a Letter from General Washington to Major General Phillips, dated Head Quarters, New Wind for, 8th January 1781.

N® 32. Lilt of British and German Officers of the Troops of Convention exchanged: And also,

N® 33. Extract of a Letter from the Secretary at War to Major General Phillips, dated 6th March 1781: And also,

?N® 34. Copy of a Letter from Major General Phillips to the Secretary at War, dated New York, 20th February 1781: Inclosing,

N® 35. Extract of a Letter from General

ton to Sir Henry Clinton, dated 25th January 1781: And also,

K® 36. Copy of a Letter from Major General lips to the Secretary at War, dated Nezo York, 27th February 1781: And also,

N® 37. Extract of a Letter from the Secretary at Wa r to Major General Phillips, dated 2d May 1781:

And also,

N® 38. Extract of a Letter from General Sir /

Clinton to the Secretary at War, dated 26th 1781: Inclosing,

N® ft). A Lift of British Officers belonging to Regiments in the West Indies, captured by the French Fleet under the Command of Mouficur de Burras, and exchanged at New York, 7U1 August 1781.

N° 40. An Exchange of British and German Officers of the Troops of Convention and Prisoners of War, against and for a Number of American Officers, Rank for Rank, and by Composition, dated Staten Island, 3d 1780.

N® 41. Copy of a Proposal made to Major

ner, American Commissary General of Prisoners, for the Exchange of Lieutenant General Burgoyne, dated 3d September 1781: And also,

N® 42. Copy of a Letter from the Secretary at War to Lord George Germain, dated 5U1 17S1:

And alto,

N® 43. Extract of a Letter from the Secretary at War to Sir Henry Clinton, dated 3d 1781.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be pernfed by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- oicw«; suant to their Addressto His Majesty, Halito.

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Laud Forces and Marines, for the Year 1782: And also.

Lift of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines infilled to receive Half Pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1782: And also,

Kltimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1782.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, Milii by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Charge of an additional Company and Additional to the Embodied Militia in South Britain, including Clothing, for the Year 1781.

And the Titles of the said Eftiaiates and Lift were read.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Note. The Estimate of the Charge of an additional Company and Additionals to the Embodied Militia in South Britain, including Clothing, for the Y'ear 1781, was, on account of a Mistake therein, withdrawn by an Order of the House of the 12th Instant, and another presented.

The said other Estimates are as followed), viz.

ESTIMATE

ai Geo. Ill,

4° Februarii,

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty'l

Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1782.

Per Diem For 365 Days. (

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Forces, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1781 to 24th December 1782, inclusive -For Allowances to Officers of the Reduced Horse -For the Annual Allowances to Seven private Gentlemen of the Third and Fourth Troops of Horse Guards, at /. 10 per Annum each For 18 private Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, at 7 per Diem each - - £. s. d. 212 11 10 — 17 2 — 10 6 £. s. d. 77*595 19 2 313 5 10 70 191 12 6

Total - - £ 78,170 17 6

War Office, ' 4th February 1782. C. Jenkinson.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1782, ‘ 1 ... . C ~ ——

11,674 Out Pensioners, {landing at present upon the Books of the Hospital, at 5 d.per Diem each ----- -- 102 Letter Men, at 1 id. per Diem each - - - - -31 Serjeants, at 9 d.per Diem each - - - Pc r Diem A- For 365 Days. ' , r,\ t \

£. s. d. 243 4 2 10 2 — 3 3 £. s. d. 88,771 10 3,686 10 — 424 6 3

11,907 Total - *54 9 5 £.92,881 17 1

War Office,

4th February 1782.

C. Jenkinson.

Ordered, That the said Eftiraates and Lift do lie upon the Table, to be peru fed by the Members of the House.

Stourbridge A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation. Stourbridge Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, made in the

Sixteenth Year of the Reign of I I is present Majesty, the Petitioners were impowered to make a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County o!

Worcester, to join the Staffordshire and Canal at or near Slourton, in the County of , and

also Two Collateral Cuts, one from a Place called The Fens, upon BenfnetChace, to communicate with the said intended Canal, and the other from a Place called The Black Delph, to communicate with the said first-mentioned Collateral Cut; and the Petitioners were thereby Vol. 38.

enabled to raise the Sum of 30,000, for carrying on the said Undertaking; and that the Petitioners have completed the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and the same are now rendered navigable, and the whole Sum of £. 30,000, which the Petitioners were enabled to raise by the said Act, hath been expended in the Progress of the Works; and that by an Order made at a General Assembly of the said Company, on the 6th Day of July 1778, the Committee of the said Company were empowered to borrow the Sum of £.5,000, and to give such Securities, under the Common Seal of the said Company, or under the Hands and Seals of the said Committee, for the fame, as they should think fit, and the Committee were to be indemnified in so doing; and that on the 4th Day of January 1779, the several Proprietors of Shares in the said Navigation did agree to

raise

670 4 ' FebruarA, 178 2a

raise amongst themselves the further Sum of /. 3,000, and that the same fhoitld be repaid with Intereu out of the Profits of the said Navigation, and that Application should be made to Parliament, in order more effectually to secure the Repayment of the said Monies; and that <*i the 15th Day of Augttjt 1780, the major Part of the Proprietors of Shares in the farkf Navigation did also agree to advance the further Sum of Five Pounds Centum on their respective Shares, and to apply to Parliament to enable the Company of Proprietors to raise the fame, as well as the Sum of 3,000, advanced under the Agreement of the 4th Day of January 1779, and the Sum of £. 5,000, borrowed on the Bonds of the Committee; and that, in pursuance of the said Order and Agreements, the Sum of £.$&oo hath been borrowed on the Bonds of the Committee, and 4,330 hath been raised by voluntary Subscriptions amongst the said Proprietors; which said Sums, together with the said first-mentioned Sum of £. 30,000, have been applied in completing the said Navigation, and the Petitioners have likewise contrafted a further Debt in Carrying the Powers! of the said Act into Execution; and that the Petoioa^rsare desirous of discharging the Money borrowed on the Bonds of the said Committee, with the Interest due thereon, as also the said additional Subscription of Five Pounds per Centum to such of the Proprietors who have advanced the fame, and the other Debts due from the said Company; and for that Purpose the Petitioners apprehend it will be necessary to raise the further Sum of £. 10,000 amongst the Proprietors of Shares in the said Navigation, and to make the said £.3,000, advanced under the said Agreement of the 6rb Day of July 1778, Part of the Capital Stock of the said Company; and that the Petitioners apprehend the Powers of the said Act are in other Uespects defective, and that it will be proper to explain and amend the fame: And therefore prayiag, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the said Company of Proprietors to raise such further Monies, as all'o to make the said- Smrr of £. already raised. Part of the Capital Stock of the said Company, and to alter, amend, and explain* the said Act, as to the House iliail seem meet.

Ordered, That the- find- Petition be referred to the Confidecatioa of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And k is referred to the Lord Sir

WroUefiey, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning; at Niue of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. t

Orton on A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

the Hill thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of, and Persons in-

Indoiurc. terested in, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Orton on the Hill, in the County of Jjeicester, and the Extra-parochial Lands lying within the Ring of the said Fields, on Behalf of themselves and all other Persons interested therein* was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That it will be advantageous to the Petitioners, and the other Persons interested in the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Places, and Extra-parochial Lands, to have the same divided and inclosed, and specificShanea thereof allottedfor them, according to their respective Properties and Interests therein, to be held in Severalty for ever; and to feme of the said; Proprietors and Persons interested, to make and effectuate Exchanges: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting*

and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Places, and Extra-parochial Lands, and effectuating such Exchanges, in such Manner as to the House flia.ll seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill; rfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that r. Pochin and Mr. Hungerford do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to WMt Order, a Bill for granting an additional Bounty on biheiy. Ships employed in the Greenland and Whale Fishery, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Uefulvcd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for a the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, Mutiny «4 was read a Second Time* Vdem.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 18th Day of this Instant , resolve

itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are FMdinj» thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lan'l anJ and Grounds, or otherwise interested, in the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manors and Liberties of Piddington and liackleton, in the Parish of Piddington, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Lands and Estates of the Petitioners, and ether*, in the said Open and Common Fields, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of aqy consideraWe Improvement; but if the fame, together with the said Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons entitled thereto, in Lieu of, and in Proportion to, their Rights and Interests therein, great Advantage would arise to the Parties concerned:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in aBiH for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Lands, and Ground?, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House lhell seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pu rib ant to the Prayer of the said' Petition: And that Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Powys, aflef Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that the Reverend Mr British Harper, from the Trustees of the British Museum' Mulwm. attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order.

A Paper, intituled, "General State of Accounts of " the J?n/j#Museum, 15th December 1781."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the (hid Paper was read.

The said Paper is as folio weth; viz.

BRITISH

ii Geo. lit.

iffebruarii,

11

fciUTiStf MtSEUM.

GENERAL Sl'A'l'E of Accounts, 15th 1781,

Ledger.

Fol.

2

2

256

Creditor. By Lottery, and Grants, including that of 1777 Grant of *780 (Fees deducted)

"2

804 5 —

43 10 —

----- ---- — 847 15 —

j

*9

173a

354

*59

4

258

69

16

62

177

181

165

257

260

271 67

244

272 188 263

274

267

(£. 1,700 §tock bought therewith 1,056 < Stock refold

; 3,3*7

6

2 6

(Dividends

208 1 6

Pi vidends onyf. 30,060 Stock (General Fund) to 1 o October 178 Salary of King's Librarian (General Fund) to 5 April 1781 (Dividends oh Stock bought with Major Ed-J icards'sFund - -1 - - - - 2,668 16 to

jOf which, laid out on a Navy t Bill of £. 847. 16. andpifburfements - 1,765 «8 t

----- ----- -- 2,519 7

Balance due to Major Edwardfs Fund £- ——

—— ----- and to the King's Donation - -

jC *3i984 *6 g

Debtor. To fnndry original Expences, as in 1768 - £.

--- clear Cost of £. 30,000 Stock (General Fund)

---- Repairs - ~ 1

— Furniture peculiar to the Mufeuin — . Furniture for tl»e Committee Room, 8fc,

- — — Insurance -

Fire Engine:

— . — Printing Expences -

---- Bookbinding ——

---- Stationary Ware - - " ' , " - -

-- — Rent and Taxes -

—— Salaries and WageS - - 2

—— Board Wages - - - - *

—— Firing ——

—— Candles -

—— Incidents - -

---- Garden Expences - - , - -

*--- York Regiment * - - 5

Cash in Hands of Mr- Abr. Newlatid ..... . - of Dr. Morton

A *

41,984 *4 61

3M32 16 6

20,297 9 6

4>I32 8 4*

709 it 8*

204 10 6

140 . 8 —

*»3l° — 9

3,69® 3 5»

466 14 1

4,394 *5 2i

22,686 9 7

2,605 J3 id

2,166 6 —

3*9 9 9

3»36* *9 3*

2,878 9 —

48S 12 6

144,250 6 7

421 4 6

*3* 1 9

144,80a It zo

3,to8 15 — 25,8t>4 5 — *»74to *5 6

*49 9 4

*4 ti

.144,802 12 I0i

Voi*3$,

ti

prtUrcdf

4* Februarii.

A.

Account of 8alt Petre.

Mint

Indenture*

Prifton to

Lancaster, Itc. Road.

Sale of East India Prize Good*.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr Michell, from, the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, attended at the Ooor; he was called

in i audLat the Bar, pcefentert to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Salt Petre remaining in the Pofiession of the Eafi Company on the jftof December 1781.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upotr the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this SefUon....

The House being iriformed that Mr. Horns, Deputy Clerk of the Papers in His Majesty's Mint Office in, the Tower of Londoni attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Copy ,oj tile Indenture made between His.. Ma-jeftjr King (peorge the Third and the honourable Charles

Shane Cadogan (now Lord Matter and

Worker of His Majesty's Mint, bearing Date the 28th Day of November 1770.

And then he Withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copy was read,

Ordered, That the said Copy be referred to the Committee, who, are appointed td enquire into the divers Expenses incident to and attending the Coinage of Gold alloyed with Tin, and to report the Total of the said Expence to the House.

The said Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Sefitetv.

A Bill to continue the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, forrtpAiring and Widening the Road from Prefion t o Lancaster, and from thence to a Place called Heiring-Sykc, that divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmoreland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. BraddyU, Lord George Cavendish, &c.: And they ate to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House, according to Ostler, refrifved iflelf into a Committee of the Whole Hbttfe, to Consider of so much of an Act, made in tike Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty*, intituled tc An Act for extending the Provifiotts tof TWo Aftfc, made in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majestiy's Reign, and

in the last Session of Pirliaitient, With respect to bringing Prize Goods intbthrs Kingdom, td Spanlfh Prize Goods j and for repealing so- rttUch olf the Ibid.JaTtmentioned Act as relates to the Certificates for Prize " Tea and East India GbotN, eipdrtddfrom this Kingdom to Ireland-, for the Removal bf East India " Goods condemned ns Prize at any Out Port, to " London for Sale, and of Prize Gobds fot Exportation; " tcndfbr reducing the Duty on Foreign Prize Tobacc6And nlfb) bf so much oflf tra Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for extending the Provisions of Three Acts, made in the *£ Eighteenth, Nineteenth, and Twentieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, with respect to bringing " Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Prizes taken from " the States General of the United Provinces; for dedaring what Goods shall be deemed Military or Ship " Stores; for regulating the Sale of, and ascertaining " the Duties upon, Eafi Lidia Goods, condemned as " Prize in the Port of London; for permitting the Pur-4Y«bnfer$of Prize Goods condemned Abroad,"t<$ im-

port such Goods into this Kingdom; under the like " Regulations and Advantages as are granted by Law " to Captors themselves; and for reducing the Duties " on Foreign Prize Tobacco"; as relate to the Sale of, and afeertaming the Duties upon, East India Goods condemned as Prize in this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had conte to a Refutation; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

My. John Robinson presented to the House, pursuant Letter fim to their Order, Lori Stor-

Extract of a Letter from Lord Viscount,

ohe of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to 0fIrdiui. the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, dated the lft of September 1781, Two o'Clock P. M.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon th^Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Dampier, Pre- Dr. Dir bendary of the Cathedral Church of Durham, be de- topwA fired to preach before this House, at Saint Margaret's, *" % Westminster,u'pon Friday next, being the Day appointed by His Majesty's Royal Proclamation for a General Fast: And that the Ix>rd North and Mr. John /on do acquaint him therewith.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Tapoitj, thereunto subscribed, Owners of Lands and Residents within the County Palatine of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the public Highway leading from Tarporley to ABon near

Weverham, in the said County of , is in many

Places out of Repair, and there are several deep hollow Ways in the said Road, which are harrow And incommodious, so that the said Road cannot beeffectually amended, widened, and repaired, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Tarporley to Acton Bridge aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confidferation of a Committee: Arid that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Audit is referred to Mr. Crewe, Mr.

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Samuel Hoheb was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner is Lofabtfe & Native of Amsterdam, of the Hebrew Nation, and Cipturto!*.

settle^ as a Merchant in the Island of Saint Eufiatius, Euftai"H where he resided, with few and short Intervals of Ab« fence, ever since the Year 1756,) and that he carried on a reputable and extensive Trade until, on the Surrender of that Island, without Resistance, to Sir George Rodney and General Vaughan, he came under the Protection of His Majesty's Government; and that, after haying delivered in an Inventory of his Effects, in Obedience to the Proclamation published by the Commanders in Chief, on a Sudden, without any Crime on his Part, either charged, or (as he is since informed) even suspected, he received Notice, without One Day's Delay to quit the Island, where he had been settled Twenty-five Years, where his whole Substance was (edged, and

where

2i Geo. III. 4? Februfifiifiji

Where alone lie could find dny Means of Subsistence; and that the Petitioner, alarmed with the A pprehensions of so undeserved a Calamity, made a Representation to Colonel Cockburn, Quarter Mailer General, in which he requelled to be informed of the Cause of his Misfortune; and, in order to clear himself from any Imputation which might have prejudiced him in the Minds of His Majesty's Principal Otlicers, he shewed, that the Nature of his Trade was such as neit her had been, nor could be, prejudicial to his Majesty's Interests; and although the Innocence of the Petitioner was acknowledged, the severe Sentence of Banishment was nevertheless inflicted on him without Charge or Trial, and without the Con* folatiohof knowing the Cause of it, or even the Place of his intended Exile; and this was done in Conformity, as he believes, to Directions received from the principal Commanders, or one of them; and that on his precipitate Expulflon from his House and Settlement, the Petitioner, before he was embarked, was obliged to pass through a Weigh House, where his Trunk was rifled, the Coat he wore ripped open, and a small Sum of Money, which in his Distress he had secretedand hoped to rescue, in order to preserve him from Famine in his Exile, was taken from him with Outrage and Insult; and that, llripped in this Manner, and with only a very dew Pieces of his own Money returned to him, he was conveyed to the Island of Saint and being

after some Time permitted to return to Saint Euftatius, he found that his Stock in Trade, in which his whole Property was veiled, had been sold by public Auction for a Third of its real Price, no Fart of which was rellorod to him, but (as lie was told) appropriated to the Use of His Britannic Majesty; and that his own Property amounted to^. 4,000 Sterling in Value, besides that of his Correspondents lying in his Possession, to an equal Amount; and thus the Petitioner was delivered from Banishment, for no other Purpose than to behold his Warehouses pillaged of all his Goods, and himself, after a Life of long and laborious Industry, in an unhealthy Climate, and under many Disadvantages, iuddenly reduced, and ill his old Age, from an ealy and prosperous Condition, to Poverty and absolute Want: and that the only Conipeufation he was able to obtain for the Loss of all his Property was, a small Bag of Money that had been takeu out of his Trunk, together with Permission to go to England, which was for some Time denied him, because, as was said, he had attempted to Carry Money out of the Island, which Money was his own; and {hat the Petitioner has no other Resource in his Misfortunes, than to lay a State of them before the House of Commons, and is confident, that the Humanity of the House will not be turned alide from attending to his great and unmerited Sufferings, on a Supposition that the Laws are open to him, and that if he is injured, he may pursue his Remedy in the ordinary Course of Justice; and that the Petitioner, unacquainted as he is with the Laws, a Foreigner, and unable to procure Advice, is much in Doubt whether the Laws apply to his Cafe, which he apprehends to be uncommon, and of a complicated Nature; and lie moll Imfinbly implores the House to recoiled, that he is despoiled <5f all he had, that therefore, if he Were willing, he is totally destitute of the Means to procure himself Justice; and that the Petitioner is therefore confident, that his Sufferings will not tie aggravated by being sent to a Remedy which he wants the Means of obtaining; and that in their great Goodness they will reflect, that if he had the ordinary legal Means, or Money to purchase them, yet the Process must be long, and it would be hard to condemn him to 1‘pend the Remainder of his declining and dispirited Age in a vain Struggle with Sir George Rodney and General Vaughan, who, by One Ad of Injustice and Oppression, have, in One Hour, acquired his whole Substance, and are enabled to defend their Wrong by the Consequence'of the Wrong itself; and that the Petitioner is informed, ThataTralfic in Military You 38,

Stores, carried‘oh Edji&fiti's, 'is jalsigned aS'

the Reason for the Confiscation of Property which took Place in that Island; and' that the Petitioner intends only to state his own Cafe, without - admitting- a,ny Principle which might, dffed the Claiptis, of other;

Traders, who have not violated the Laws of '{life Cdiintry they lived in, or the Law of Nations; tilt' he does confidently assert, and this he is able.toprovO by his Books, That his Trade'was solely confined th Afticles of what is called Dry Goods; and that lie rteter tjealt in any Naval Stores, except in some, Assortments of Sail-Cloth, or in any Article whatsoever of Military Stores, or which would be prejudicial to thi^ or any. other Country; and that he had no Cprrespondence of any Kind, or any Intercourse whatsoever, with His Majesty'i Enemies in America;and he conceives that the Relief

he implores would be not more j&ft than politic, as nothing is better calculated to evince to the Worldthe Reality of the Motives assigned for the severe and uri-; precedented Confiscation which Was made at Saint Euftatius, than to exempt from that Severity those who are acknowledged to have had no Share in the Cottdu& which is said to have occasioned it: And that the Petitioner is ready to make good the Allegatiofis.of his‘ Petition, hoping such Relief as the House, the Repfe*

Tentative of a Nation long renowned for Justice and Humanity, shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; arid report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: !

And it is referred to Mr. Burke, the Lord &c.: And they are to meet Td-morrow M&rUing,. at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

: ;,t f

The Lord Miilgrave, from the Commissioners or Papers executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great] respecttaj Britain, presented to the HoUfe, pursuanc to their, Naval Orders, . Atfairs<

A Return to the Orders of the House, of the 24th and 25th Days of January Jail; together with,

Extracts, &c. of such Part of the Instructions given to Admiral Geary, as may relate to his endeavouring to prevent a Junction between the French and Spaiiish Squadrons during his Command; viz.

N° 1. Extra# of Inllruffions to him, dated 27U1 May 1780,

N° 2. Copy of a Letted from Mr. Stephens to him, dated 27th July 1780.

N° 3. Copy of a Ditto to him, dated idAtiguft 1780:

And also,

Substance of all Information of the State arid Readiness of the Dutch NaVal Force, and particularly the State of the Texel, immediately previdus to His Majesty's Proclamation directing'Hostilities.

Together with-a List of the said Papers;

And the said Lift was read;

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie tipott the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session/

Ordered, That there be laid before this Hcfiife, a Dibit Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens, Secretary of the Admiralty* to Captain Byron, of His Majesty's Ship The Proferpihe, dated the 21st of March 17813 allb, a Copy of Mr. Stephens's Letter to Captain,

of His Majesty's Ship The Juno, dated the 2.1st of.

March 1781; and also, Copies of Mr. s Letter

to the Commanding Officers of the ConvOys expedited ftom the Leeward Islands and Jamaica, dated the 21st of March 1781.

OrdertdftPhul there belaid before this House, Rxtra# jjtm; of a Letter from Mr. Stephens, Secretary of the Admiralty,

674 46^5 Februariu' 1782*

rally, to Vice -Admiral dated the 10th of May

1781, so far as relates to the Prote6tio» of the Cohvoys expected from Sauit Eujlatius and Jamaica.

Interest on A, Petition ‘ of the Persons, whose Names are there-Book Debts, unto tubscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting, forthj' That the Petitioners, being Wholesale . Traders, Manufacturers, Shopkeepers, Retail dealers, and Tradesmen, in the Cities of London and , '

beg^eaye. to represent to the Nonfe, the many and creat Hardships which themselves and the other WholefaleTraders. Manufacturers, Shopkeepers, Retail Dealers, and Tradesmen, as welt in the said Cities as in

' f J ,'r-, i

otlipr Parts of this Kingdom, labour under, from the long Credit which they are often obliged to give to their fcmpfbyers; and that, from the Course of Business, A^holefale Traders, Manufacturers, Shopkeepers, Retail dealers, and Tradesmen, are obliged to purchase for Ready Money, or at a very short Credit- and, if tjioy- do not pay for the Articles they purchase at the Time ttipjjiated, mull give their Bond or Note for the Amount of the Debt, on which Bond or Note they are charged with Interest at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; and that when they furnish Goods to their Customers, or do< apv Work in their different Branches p.f Business, they are not by Law authorized, and by the Practice of Trade are not allowed, to charge Interest, on the Prices of fuel) Goods, or on the Sums they are entitled to for such Work, however long it may be before the said Prices or Sums are paid; and that although they have a Right.by Law to enforce Payment for Goods so furnished, and for Work so performed by them, immediately after the Delivery or Performance thereof, yet it j$ well known that, in moil Instances, if they were to demand or exact such Payment, they would lose. the Employment of their Customers and " Frfeuds, of which their Business and the Subsistence of their Families depend; and that the Hardthips and . Inconveniencies aforesaid, and others of the like Sort, have been felt at all Times, butmoje particularly and fbverely of late, on Account of the National Distresses, and Scarcity of Money'; and that the above Causes tend to produce, and have actually occasioned, great Number <if Bankruptcies, and the Ruin of many Families; and the Petitioners apprehend and submit to the House, that it Would tend very much to reduce the Prices of Labour, and of the several Goods and necessary Articles s ih Trade, if Book Debts were permitted to bear Interest at the Rate of Five Pounds per, Annum,

after the Expiration of a certain limited Credit; And therefore puayiing the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief therein, as to the hJoufe shall seem meet.

A Petition of thel Persons, whoseNames are thereunto-subscribed, being Wholesale Traders, Manufacturers, Shopkeeper^, Retail Dealers, and Tradesmen, in the Borough and Township of Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, was also presented to, the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations and Prayer as the last preceding Betitiou.

And the faitS Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

luppiv.. . Mr. Orel, according to Order, reported from the " Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's'Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion Of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven hundred Forty-five thousand Two hundred and One Pounds Thirteen „ Shillings and Five Pence, be -granted to His Majesty,

for the Charge of the-Office of Ordnance for Land.

Service, for the Year 1782.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred Ninety-nine thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-three Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, alid not provided for by Parliament in 1781.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Report he re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas Philip Jennings Ct*rkc,\

1 etiers for me 1 e^-^Co|one] Barri . 3 92*

Tellers for the- Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, several Amendments were proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words " Seven " hundred Forty-five thousand Two hundred and One " Pounds," and inserting the Words " Six hunched " Ninety'-six thousand and One Pounds" inllead thereof; and by leaving out the Word "for" after the Word Majesty'," and inserting the Word "towards" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Refolded, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution so amended, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Ninety-six thousand and £)ne Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, towards the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year

1782.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read i

Refolded, That this House will, upon dVednesday Scpplt. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Wav*>d

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Mom. whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 50 dieFebruarii;

Anno 22* Georgii III111 Regis, 1782.

Praters.

REDERIC Tfchifieli took the Oaths appointed* in Order to his Naturalization.

The Hour appointed for taking into Consideration Cofchefa the Petition of divers free Burgesses, being Electors for Ekaiea. the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, on.

Behalf of themselves and of Edmund Affleck, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

\ The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require

their

Istrnft on Book Debts.

life of Mf n*

22 Geo. III. 50 FebruariL 675

quire the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Twenty Members being found to be prefen t;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were by the Clerk taken out of the Box (which had been before'prepared) and put into Six* Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And thp Name of Sir Robert Smyth, Baronet, being drawn, an Objection was taken by the Counsel for the Petitioners to his ferVing on the said Select Committee, oh Account of his having tendered his Vote at the said Election.

And the said Sir Robert Smyth having, in his Place, informed the House that he tendered his Vote at the said Election, but that it was rejected by the Re-turhing Officer;

His Name was set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House.

And the Names of Forty-nine Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the' Names of Eleven other Members; then present, we redrawn, and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Five, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees; and Six, on Account of their having already, in this* Session, served on Select-Cemm ittees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so' drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete;

The Ceunfel for the Petitioners nominated Batnber Oafcoyne, Esquire, and the Counsel for the Sitting Member nominated the Earl of Surrey, to serve on the said* Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel* and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

A Petition of the Persons whose Name's are thereunto subscribed', being Wholesale Traders, Manufacturers, Shopkeepers, Retail Dealers* and Tradesmen, in the Town of Shrcivsbury, in the' County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the great Hardships the Petitioners labour under from* the long Credit they are obliged to give to their Customers and Employers, and submitting to the House, that it would tend very much to reduce the Prices of Labour, and of the several* Goods and necessary Articles in Trade, if Book Debts were permitted to bear Interest at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Armumt, after the Expiration of a certain limited Credit: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to* grant them such Relief therein as to the House shall feeih meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Most Noble jfo/firDuke of , was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for carrying into Execution a Contraft made pursuant to an Act of Parliament of he Twelfth of his late Majesty King George the First, between the Com-Vol. 38.

milftoners of His Majesty *s Treasury and the then Duke and Dutchess of Atholl (at that Time the Proprietors of The IJlc of Mail) and their Trustees, for the Purchase of the Paid Island and its Dependencies, under certain Exceptions therein particularly named, it is, amongflt other Things, enacted, that immediately after the Payment of the Sum of £, 70,000 by His Majesty, at the Time and iu Manner therein mentioned, the Island, Castle, Peele, and Lordship of and all the 7Hands and Lordlliips thereto appertaining, together with the Royalties, Regalities, Franchises, Liberties, and Seaports to the same belonging, and all other Hereditaments and Premises comprized, mentioned, and granted in the Letters Patent therein recited, bearing date, respectively, the 6th April, 7th Henry Fourth, the 28th June, 7th James First, and 2d May, 8th James First, and the Act therein recited, made in the said 8th Year of the said King James the First, and every or any of them (except as thereinafter is excepted) should be, and they were thereby unalienably vested in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, freed and discharged from all Efta'tes, Uses, Trusts, Intails, Reversions, Remainders* Limitations; Charges, Incumbrances; Titles, Claims, and Demands whatsoever, as fully and entirely as if the said Letters Patent and Act of Parliament, and the Estates, Interests, Hereditaments, and Premises therein, or in any of them, comprized, mentioned, and granted, were therein again transcribed and repeated; in which said Act is contained a Proviso, whereby it is enacted, that nothing in the said Act contained should extend, or be construed to extend, to veil in His Majesty, His1 Heirs or Successors, the Patronage of the Bishoprick of the said Istand of Man, or of the Bishoprick of Svdor, or of the Bishoprick of Sodor and or the Temporalities of the said Bishoprick or Bishopricks, whenever it or they shall become vacant; or of the Right of Ad vow-ion, Patronage, Presentation, Collation, Donation, Nomination, or free DispoOtion, of or to any Archdeaconries, Canonaries, Prebends, Colleges, Hospitals, Churches, Chapels, Rectories, Vicarages, or other Eoclefiaf-ticai Benefices or Promotions whatsoever, within the said liland, Lordship, and Territory of Man, or the Dependencies thereof; orany Hundreds, Wapentakes, Manors, Towns, Vills, Churches, Monasteries, Abbeys, Priories, or the Scites, Circuits, or Precincts thereof; Farms, Messuages, Houses, Granges, Tofts, Cottages, Curtilages, Barns, Stables, Mills, Dovehouses, Orchards, Fruiteries, Gardens, Lands, Demesne Lands, Glebe Lands, Meadows, Leafows, Feedings, Pastures, Wood Lands, Woods, Underwoods, Coppices, Trees, or the Soil or Ground thereof; Wastes, Void Grounds, Roads, Paths, Heaths, Furzes, Moors, Marfties, Mines of Lead or Iron, or other Biafe Metals, Collieries, Quarries, Inland Waters, Pools, Fish Ponds, Water Courses, Streams, Rivulets, aqueducts, Rents, Arrearages of Rent, Rent Services, Rent Charges, Rents Seek, Rents reserved. Annual Farm Rents, Fee Farm Rents, Rents of Assize, Annuities, Heriots, Services or Works of Tenants, either free or customary, Rectories, Tythes, or Impropriations of Tythes, either Great or Small, predial, personal, or mixed; Portions of Tythes, Pensions, Oblations, Obventions, Commons, Frankfolds, Eftovers, Commons of Eftovers, Turbaries, Ways, Passages, Easements, Forests, Parks, Liberties of Parks, Chafes, Lawns, Warrens, Aflarts, Purpreftures, Chimminages, Hawkings, Huntings, Pifcaries, Fishings, Fairs, Fair Days, Markets, Stallages, Tolls, Mulftures, Waifs, Estrays, Deodarids, Wrecks of the Sea, Assize or Allay of Bread, Wine, or Beer; Fealties, Reliefs, Escheats, Forfeitures, Goods and Chattels of Traitors, Felons, Clerks Convict. Fugitives, Persons convicted, attainted, condemned, outlawed, put in Exigent, or Handing mute; Suits of Tenants, Courts Baron, Profits or Perquisites of Courts Baron, Fines, Amerciaments, or any Thing to Coufts Baron appertaining; or any Profits, Commodities, Advantages, Emoluments, or Appurtenances Spi-

8 K ritual

6n6 5° Februarit. ' 1782.

ritual or Temporal, to the said reserved and excepted Premises, or any of them, belonging, incident, appendant, or in any wise appertaining; orany Interesttherein, in Possession, Remainder, or Reversion, within the said Klund of Man, orany of the Idandsand Dependencies to the same belonging; hut that the fame, and every Part thereof, should (land, and be fully and clearly excepted and referred out of the said Act of the Filth Year of His present Majesty, and all and every the Provisions therein contained, and (lioidd be, remain, and continue veiled in such and the same Person and Persons, for such and the same Ellate and Estates, and to and for such and the same Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as if the said Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty had never been made, and should be holden of his Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by the said Honorary Service of rendering to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, Kings and Queens of Two Falcons

on the Days of their respective Coronations, and at and under the Yearly Rent of £. 101. 15 1 id. to be paid

at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at sler aforesaid; and that in several Instances the Reservations, Rights, and Interests intended and agreed by the said Contract, between the said Commissioners of the Treasury, and the said Duke and Dutchess of Atholl, to be reserved to them, their Heirs and Successors, and to be fully and clearly excepted out of the said Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, require Explanation and Amendment; and in other Instances proper Remedies or Powers were omitted to be given by the said Act to the said Duke and Dutchess of , their Heirs or Assigns, Seneschals or Stewards, and Moars or Bailiffs, for the obtaining the several Rights and Interests, or for the Exercise and Enjoyment of those Rights, which in and by the said Act were agreed or intended to be reserved; and that the several Doubts, Difliculties, and Omissions hereinbefore mentioned, cannot be effectually obviated or supplied, nor can many of the Records of the said Island, which are so incorporated or intermixed as to be incapable of Separation, be properly preserved, not only for the reciprocal Use and Benefit of the Crown and of the said Duke of , their respective Officers and Sen ants, hut also for the Use and Benefit of the Inhabitants of the said Isle of Man; nor can the said John Duke of Atlwll obtain his jijft Rights in some Instances, or be protested and quieted in the Exercise and Enjoyment of other his just Rights, or be enabled to take or use summary and adequate Remedies for the Recovery thereof, without the Aid ami Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, and to enable the said Duke, and his Heirs, to obtain, exercise, and enjoy, certain Powers and Remedies therein mentioned. t. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Colonel Murray and Lord Campbell do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Creaton A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Inclosure. thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, or otherwise interested in the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Great , in the County of Northampton, and the Manor and Hamlet of Little Creaton, in the Parjfh of in the said

County, was on fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Estates of the Petitioners and others in the said Open and Common Fields lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but if the fame, together with the said 0 nmon Failures, Common Meadows, and other Com-V.-table Lands and Grounds, were divided and in-

closed, and specificShares thereofallottedtoand amongst the several Persons entitled thereto, in lieu of, and in Proportion to, their Rights and Interests therein, great Advantage would arise to the Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Fields, Pafiures, Meadows, Lands, and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Pill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Powys and Mr. Knight ley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Overfem sL Lrt?, of the Poor, Yellrymdn, and principal Inhabitants, of WotklaA the Parish of Saint iMke, in the County of Middlejer, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Lease of the present Workhouse of the said Parish is expired, and the said House being greatly out of Repair, will want a considerable Sum of Money to put the same in a proper Condition for the Residence of the Poor; and that the Petitioners at present are only Tenants upon Sufferance of the said House, and have not been able to agree with the Proprietor for a Lease thereof upon any reasonable Terms; and that the Petitioners think it advisable to erect a new Workhouse within or near the said Parish, for the better Accommodation of the Poor, which are very numerous; but are not authorized by Law to raise a competent Sum of Money for that Purpose: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the building a new Workhouse within or near the said Parish, for the Reception of the Poor thereof; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to ihe House:

And it is referred to Mr. Whitbr, Mr. Baker, See.; Ami they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Sj|eof Commit ice of the whole House, to whom it was referred Eastlmiii to eonfii ier of so much of an Act, made in the Twentieth Pra G01& Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for extending the Provisions of Two Acts,

" made in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty's " Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament, with " reljx-ft to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom,

" to Spanish Prize Goods; and for repealing so much of " the said last mentioned Act as relates to the Certificates for Prize Tea and East India Goods exported " from this Kingdom to Ireland-, for the Removal of " East India Goods condemned as Prize at any Out " Port to London for Sale, and of Prize Goods for " Exportation; and for reducing the Duty on Foreign " Prize Tobaccoand also, of so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An " Act for extending the Provisions of Three Acts, made " in the Eighteenth, Nineteenth, and Twentieth Years " of His present Majesty's Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Prizes taken " from the States General of the United Provinces; for " declaring what Goods shall be deemed Military or " Ship Stores; for regulating the Sale of, and ascertaining the Duties upon, East India Goods condemned " as Prize in the Port of London; for permitting the " Purchasers of Prize Goods condemned Abroad to " import such Goods into this Kingdom, under the like " Regulations ami Advantages as are granted by Law " to Captors theuifeives; and for reducing the Duties

"yn

22 Geo. III. 50 Februar 77

"on Foreign Prize Tobacco," as relate to the Sale of, and ascertaining the Duties upon, India Goods condemned as Prize in this Kingdom; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the 1 Ionfe; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was Tead; and is as followed); viz.

licfulvcd. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That :t is expedient to extend so much of Two Acts of the Twentieth and Twenty-fnft Years of Mis present Majesty's Reign, as relate to the Sale of, and ascertaining the Duties upon, India Goods, to Tea and all other Goods of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of China, or any Country within the Limits of the £ajl India Company's Charter, which have been, or shall, during the present Hostilities, be brought into any Port of this Kingdom, and condemned as Prize.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Ord and Sir Grey Cooper do prepare; and bring iu, the fame.

.IT* A Petition of Charles Frederick , was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Elwes and Mr. Hartley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

o Mr. Rofewarne presented to the House, according to

s. Order, a‘ Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending several Roads leading from the Borough of Truro, in the County of Comic all, to the Roads leading from Shortlanes End, in the Parish of Kenwyn, to Callefiock Burroxo, and from The Two

Burrows in the said Parish, to Alms House, and from The Three Burrows, in the said Parish, to Saint Agnes Alms House, in the said County: And the same Was received; and read the Fit'll Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

stion Mr. Richard Smith, from the Select Committee,

jappointed to take into Confutation, the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orifa, and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House, with their Observations thereupon, acquainted the House, That the Committee had made some Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

ttion A Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the

Shi ' Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

for allowing the Importation of Fine Organzined Italian Thrown Silk in any Ships or Vessels, for a Time to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Re/idvcd, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to_a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Vol. 38.

A Bill for granting an additional Bounty on Ships Whale employed in the Greenland and Whale Fishery, for a Eilhery, Time to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being Colchester again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend Election, the said Select Committee, delivered in to the House One of the Lifts which had been (truck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining un- .

(truck; to which last mentioned Lift the Names of Bomber Gafeoyne, Esquire, and the Earl of Surrey, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Lord Viscount Galway, the honourable Charles -Phipps, William Slrahan, Esquire, the honourable >

Charles George Perceval, William Richard Rumbold,

Esquire, Lord Viscount Malden, Lord Viscount Lewif -ham, John William Egerton, Esquire, Sir Francis Sykes, .

Baronet, John Lowlher, Esquire, Martin Fonnereau,

Esquire, the honourable George A the

honourable Nathaniel Curzon, Bomber Gascoyne,

Esquire, the Earl of Surrey.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for tr}dng the Merits of the said Petition of divers free Burgesses, being Electors for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, on Behalf of themselves and of Edmund Affleck, Esquire, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet. forthwith in the Second Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Attend- Tampering ance of Thomas, Broughton, of Honiton, Currier, be with* now read. 'Witness,

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Thomas Broughton do attend this House upon this Day Fortnight, the 19th Day of this Instant February.

A Petition of the Right honourable James Earl of Calverton Salisbury, Lord of the Manor of Calverton with the biclosure. West Side of Stony Stratford, in the County of Bucks, and a considerable Owner of Lands and Grounds within the said Manor, and the humble Petition of several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the said Manor, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Manor several Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, which lie open and un-inclosed, and in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to each Proprietor, in Proportion to their respective Interests therein, it would be attended with great Advantage to the Petitioners, and be of public Utility;

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet and expedient.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Talbot and the Lord Fairford do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Noblemen,. Gentlemen, Cobbam, kc.

Clergy, flnd

A. 1783.

r

Papers

respecting

Naval

Affaire*

67? 50 Februariu

Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of 'Surrey, whose Names are thereunto llibscribed, was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth, That there are, within the said County, the several Bridges following (that is to say) a Bridge called 'Cobham Bridge across the River Mole, in the Parishes of Walton upon Thames snd Cobhani, and another called Godalming Bridge across the River^ Wei/, ofhOrwife Wye, id the Parish of in the

High Road leading from London to and

also another Bridge, called Leatherhead , across the said River Mole, in the Parishes of Leather head and Fdcham, in the High Road leading from London through Epjotn to Pbrt/moath-, and that Cobham Bridge and

Godalming Bridge are private Property, and kept ini Repair at the Expence of particular Persons by reason of the Tenure of their Estates, and Leatherhead Bridge is repaired by the said Pariffres of Leatherhead and' Fetch am-, adtcl that all the said Bridges are narrow and incommodious for Carriages and Passengers (whereby* niuch Mischief has been done) add are shut against Carriage^, exfcept at such Times as the Rivers are not fordable, and cannot by Law be compelled to be opened at ahy other Tittles, and it being of the utmost National Conl&pience thalt the Communication between London and Portsmouth should be made as safe and commodious as possible, the Parties being willing to give up their Interest in the said Bridges, the Petitioners are desirous, for the Accommodation of the Public, that the said Bridges should be made County Bridges, and properly rebuilt, widened, repaired, and kept in Repair, by the said County* sitffirge, and that the same should at all Times be free, open, and public Bridges: And therefore praying, Thhtf Lea.Ve frtay be given to bring in a Bill for the Pttrpbfes stforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to flie Consideration. of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Fletcher Norton, the Earl of Surrey, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have PoWOr to fend f6r Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Mulgrave, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A farther Return to the Orders, of the House of the 24th and 25th Days of January Jail; together with,

N° 1. Copy of Vice Admiral Appointment to the Command upon Vice Admiral Darby's leaving the Channel in March 1781, dated 15th March 1781: And also;

N° 2. Ext rad of such Parts of Vice Admiral Darby's Instructions oh his failing with the fleet in July 1781, as relates to his endeavouring to prevent the Junction of the French and Spanish Squadrons, dated 21st June 1781: And also,

N° 3. Weekly Account of the Number and State of the Ships which failed with Vice Admiral Darby in July 1781: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from the Mayor of to Mr. Stephens, upon the Subject of the Combined Fleets, dated 27th August x 781: And also,

N° 5. Copy of Mr. Stephens's Letter in Answer to the Mayor of Bristol, dated z8th August 1781: And also,

N° 6. Weekly Returns of the State of the King's Ships, from the Middle of July to the ill of August 1781, from Portsmouth, The Downs, Nore, and

VIZ,

Portsmouth, Ditto, Ditto, Downs,

14th July 1781, 2ill Ditto,

28th Ditto,

15th Ditto,

22d Ditto,

29th Ditto,

15th Ditto,

21 ft Ditto,

5th And also,

N° 7. Weekly Accounts of the State and Condition of His Majesty's Ships in the different Ports at Home, the last Week in November and the first Week in December 1781; vix.

Ditto,

Ditto,

Nore and Sheerness, Ditto,

Ditto,

26th November, 1781. 5U1 December,

i8th November,

2d December1,

25th November,

2d December,

Woolwich,

Ditto,

Nore, Sheerness, and Chatham,

Ditto,

Downs,

Ditto,

Ditto, 7th December,

Portsmouth, 24th November,

Ditto, ill December,

Spit head, 24 th November,

Ditto, lit December,

Plymouth, 30th November,

Ditto, 7th December: And also,

N° 8. A Lift of Frigates and Croizers employed before the Port of Brefi, to watch the Motions of the Enemy's Ships there, from the ill of January 1779 to the ill of January 1782; specifying the Number of Ships and Frigates, and Dates when so employed: And also.

Ext raft from Vice Admiral Darby's Letter to Mr. Stephens, Secretary of the Admiralty, on his leaving Spilhead, in March 1781, to ascertain the

Day of his Sailing; also, such Extracts of his Letters to Mr. Stephens, from the Coast of Ireland, as relate to his Junction with the Victuallers off that Coast to his Forces, to the Time of his failing from thence, and any Information he might have himself received, and thought proper to transmit to the Admiralty, concerning the French and Spanish Fleets being at Sea; viz.

N° 9. Extract of a Letter from Vice Admiral Darby to Mr. Stephens, on his leaving Spit head, dated 13th March 1781.

N° 10. Extract of a Letter from Vice Admiral Darby to Mr. Stephens, dated 23d March 1781; inclosing a Paper of Intelligence, marked A.

N° 11. Extract of a Letter from Vice Admiral Darby to Mr. Stephens, dated nth April 1781.

N° 12. Extract of a Letter from Vice Admiral Darby to Mr. Stephens, dated 22d 1781; inclosing a

Paper of Intelligence, marked B.

N° 13. Extract of a Letter from Vice Admiral Darby to Mr. Stephens, dated 21st 1781; inclosing a Paper of Intelligence, marked C.: And also,

N° 14. Weekly Accounts of the State and Condition of His Majesty's Ships fitting and in Readiness at Plymouth, Portjhtouth, and The Downs, immediately after the Sailing of Vice Admiral Darby, the 13th of Match 1781; and also for the last Week in March, and Second Week in April;viz.

Plymouth, 16th March,

Portsmouth, 18th March,

Dawns, 18th March,

Plymouth, 30th March,

Ditto, 13th April,

Portsmouth, 25th March,

Ditto, 8th,

Downs, 25th March,

Ditto, 8th April: Anti also,

Extracts from Sir George Rodney's Letters to Mr. Stephens, as relate to his informing the Admiralty of his fending Commodore Hotham to England, with the Property captured at Saint Etfiaiiusj viz.

N* 15.

2 2 Geo. in.

15. Extra&ofSirr to . /.

el>kens, dated 12th p ,€arSs v -

K» r? . iztn Bebruam i-,q,

H«aorar Georgs s Letter to Mr.

Stephens, dated 12th February 1781.

N° 16. Extract of Sir George Rodney's Letter to Mr. Stephans, dated 6th March 1781.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The laid Papers are preserved araonuft

Pjj ' *

___ me rvjemoers of the House.

be laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

And then the House adjourned Morning, Ten of the Clock.

679

were divided and ‘incloled anflTuch Division and In-

closure would be attended with great Advantage to the

Petitioner,! and to the several other Persons interested

therein; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons or Waste Lands, under such Regulations as to the House ilia.ll seem meet.

dared. That Leave h* ‘

till Tomorrow

riiy 6° die Februarii; Georgii UPU Regis, 1782.

----- - limn icem n

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. «S'Loane, Mr. Thijilelhwayte, and Mr; do

prepare, and bring in, the Came.

Ordered, That Mr. Acland have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for Six Weeks, on his private Affairs. Absence.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates and Inhabitants within the Parish of Saint Anne, Limehouse, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Streets, Ways, and Places within the said Parish, are very much out of Repair, and rendered incommodious by Polls. Gutters

1 - % '

Limehouse

Streets.

nany Debts between Forty Shillings ana rounds

are Frequently contra&ledbetween

in and the Merchants, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants of the said sown and Borough; and that the Petitioners *re sensibleof the great public such Bill

pafiinginto a Law, and apprehend that it he of

great Benefit and Advantage, as well to all Persons resident within the said Ealiern Half of the Hundred of Brixton, as to the Inhabitants of the said Town and Borough of Southwark, and would also be of great public Utility, if the Powers and Jurisdiction of the said

Court of Record were extended to the several

Places, Precincts, and Liberties, within the Ealiern Half of the Hundred of Brixton :And therefore praying, That Prov.'fion-may be made in the said Bill, for extending the Powers thereof to the several Parishes, Places, Precinas, and Liberties within the Ealiern Half of the Hundred of Britt, on.aforesaid, in such >-- ihaJI seem meet.

) (fared. That the said retuion De merrea w we Lanhderation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Byng, Mr.

Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Richard Hill reported from the to

whom the Petition of Anne Wharam, Wife of Joseph IVharam, a Midshipman, now on Board His Majedv's Ship The Centaur, was referredThat the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table 1

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; via.

<7'_ - i|-/> a liberations of the said Petition, the

10 - - -1

Wharam'*

Parent

Stirrup.

*e the same was read y (.t 1114 IO --

prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the

fs Patent granted by His and bearing

" *r — -An: whereby an exclu-

ded

lish

Half of the Hundred or _____

Manner as to the House lhasll seem meet.

Ordei'ed, lhat. the said Petition be referred to the Letters Patent granted by His ____

Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition Date the 23d Day of May i/6gwhereby an of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants of the five Right of Property was granted to the Petitioner, Town and Borough of Soztthxpark, in the County of for the Term of Fourteen Years, in an Invention of a

Surrey, is referred: And that they do examine the most certain infallible Method to prevent the Danger

Matter of this Petition;and report the fame, as it shall which often attends the hanging by the loot or I^eg jappear to them, to the House. ' hv Riders falling or being thrown from

A Petition of EdzvardSheldon, Esquire, Lord of the

Manor of Sherfield English, in the County of Southampton, and Proprietor of a great Majority in Quantity and Value of the now inclosed Lands and Hereditaments within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth. That there is, xvitlmithe fa,d Un-

certain Commons or Waste Lands, called The

---/ f'nmmou, The Luzon Common, Bn'chzvood

--- --- s\,7n/non, containing

-4.

*'*/ v

in the vending the 1

That Mrs. IVharam has been at a great. _

the Prosecution of her Invention, and in the Introducing the same to the Public; and the Witnessproduced to your Committee, an Account thereof, amounting to the Sum of£. <jyS. — And being asked. How he made

out the Account 2 he said, He made it out in part from

kept by Mrs. IVharamand that the several

— »W y. or thereabouts. Part

- IVharam.

read; Setting iui_

nor, certain Commons or Waite

North, or Great Common, The Luzon Common, Birchzvooa m*. —

Common, and The West; or Worren Common, containing out

' Whole about 6^0 Acres, which in their presentthe Books kept by Mrs. B Aaram; p

rG nf any considerable Improve- Sums of £. 420,/. 32, and £.1 , or c tyCarom

If the same the said Account, was paidto lum by Mrs. "'ham

Common,

Aiiv.

in the Whole about O.yOn. % ,.^,

Situation are incapable of any considerable

but might be rendered of great Use fame

jnenf;

VoL

'3s*

680 6° Februarii. 1782.

That he is certain' Mrs. Wharam's other Expences amount to the Sum mentioned in the above Account, exclusive of her Time and Labour in the Prosecution of the Experiments and Business.

That noHvitbstanding Mn. W'haram's great and continual Expences, {he has'not hitherto received any Profit from her Invention; on 1 he contrary, the Witness said, Mrs. Wharnm has hitherto sustained a Loss of several Hundred Po:mds.

That it will stili require a cohiiderable Sum to settle the necessary Correspondences, and to give the Fa6fs such a Degree of Notoriety, as may introduce the general Reception of the Invention to the Notice of the Public.

Mr. Cornelius Arep being then examined, said, That he is a Sadler, and lives in the Haymarlcel; that he has dealt with Mrs. Wharctm for her Patent Stirrups, and thinks the Invention very tifefu! to the Public. And the Witness further said, That he believes if the making of the Stirrups was to come into the Hands of the common Smiths, they could not be depended upon so well as they are at present.; and he farther added, that lie has heard of Persons being preferred from Danger by Means of the Stirrup.

Mr. David Polock being examined, said, That he is a Sadler, and lives in Piccadilly; he is in Partnership with Mr. Vaughan, Sadler to the Prince of Wales — That lie is acquainted with the Invention of the Patent Saddle Stirrup* made by Mrs. Wharam — That it is esteemed very useful, and he knows several Persons have been preferred from the Danger arising from the Foot hanging in the Stirrnp, by the Means of the Use of them — That he knows particularly of One Instance of the Utility of them, which is, of his Grace the Duke of Buccleugh, who having had the Misfortune to be thrown from his Horse, and his Foot hanging in the Stirrup, he was preserved from the Danger, by Means of Mrs-; Wharam s Stirrup, which disengaged him from the Saddle.

- Ordered\ That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term of a Patent granted to Anne Wharam, for making a certain Sort of Spring Stirrup: And that Mr. Richard Hill and Mr. Noel Hill do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Birmingham Sir Robert Lawley presented to the House, according

Navigation. to Order, a Bill to enable the Proprietors of the I5/>-vungham Canal Navigation, to make and maintain an Extension of Canal from the Parish of Westbromzcich to Rroadxoater Fire Engine, and to make Six Collateral Cuts from the same, to lead to several Coal Mines: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ditto. A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, of the Town of Birmingham and the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented for Leave to bring in a Bill to make and piaintain a Navigable Cut or Cabal from the Coal Mines in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and injhe several Parishes of Sedgley, T//?/*, other wise Tib-bington, Wednesbuty, and Wejibromwich, in the County of Stafford, to or near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from the Neighbourhood of Birmingham to communicate with the Coventry Canal Navigation (intended to be completed between Atiierfione and the Canal from The Trent to The Met fey) at or near Fazcley, in the Parish of Drayton Baffett, in the County of Stafford; and that, by the Survey taken of the said intended Navigable Cut or Canal, it appears it will be necessary to conduct the same through or near the Parishes of Stilton Coldfield and Kingsbury, in the County of War-

zcick, ns well as the several Parishes, Hamlets, or Places of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, Sedgley\ T?/>/V>wotherwise Tibbington, Wedneslrury, We/ibromzvich, and IJan dj worth, in the County of Stafford, A don juxta Birmingham, Birmingham, Curdworih, Lea Marston, and Middleton. in the County of Warwick, and Drayton Baffett, in the County of Stafford: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made for conducting the said Navigable Cut or Canal through or near the said Parishes of Kingsbury and Sutton Coldfield, in the County of Warwick, as well as the several Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, mentioned in the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, of the Town of Birming. ham, and the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Newell thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of, and Persons in- Verdon terested in, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Com- Inci<rsure-mons, and Commonable Places, within the Lordship or Liberty of Newbold Verdon, in the County of Leicester, including a certain Common or Commonable Place, called Newbold Heath, on Behalf of themselves and all other Persons interested therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it will be advantageous to the Petitioners and the oilier Persons interested in the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Places, and the said Common or Commonable Place called Neivbold Heath, to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted for them respectively, according to their respective Properties and Intert lls therein, to be held in Severalty for ever: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said l'ields, Meadows,

Pastures, Commons, or Commonable Places, including the said Common or Commonable Place called New-bold Heath, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hungerford and Mr. Pochin do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Wandsworth thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands, or other- *nc*°^rc# wife interested in the Common and Open Ehelds in the Parish of Wandjioorth, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; betting forth, That the Property of ther Petitioners, and the several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the said Common and Open Fields, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and inconveniently fn uated with respetl to the Cultivation thereof, and, in their present Slate, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, and other Persons interested in the said Common and Open Fields, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Open Fields, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House iha.ll think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Midlefon and Admiral Keppell do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition

k

laces Norwood in Somerfoshire

rib, Inclosure

Ok

311(1

if)*

IV. ‘L

Ilf 4

n

22 Geo. III.

6° Feb rua.

68 r

uw*/ Ru//r Owners and Proprietors of the greatest Part of a certain Common or Waste Ground called Norwood Common, in the County of Sumerfet, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the Parish of Bafcombe, a certain Piece of Common or Waste Ground called Norwood Common, containing 262 Acres, or thereabouts, which has been inclosed and held in Severalty for upwards of Thirty-five Years; and that when the Paid Common was inclosed by Agreement amongst the Parties, a certain Piece or Parcel of Ground, containing Eighteen Acres, or thereabouts, was allotted and conveyed to the Reverend Richard. Nujh, the then Rector of the said Parish, for and in lieu of the Cow Leazes, or Bead Leazes, and all Right of Tithes belonging to the Rector of the said Parish, in and upon the said Common of Noi'ivood; and that the Allotment so made to the said Rector, has been enjoyed by the Rectors of the said Parish from the making the said Allotment to the present Time; but the Consent of the Rector of the said Parish cannot be valid, effectual, and binding upon his Successors, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for vesting the said Allotment in the Rector of Batcombe and his Successors, for and in lieu of Tithes and Right of Common in and upon the said Common, and for extinguifliingall Right of Tithes and Common belonging to the said Rector, in and upon the said Common called Norwood Common.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Trevelyan and Mr. Rolle do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

S«rem A Petition of the Fishermen in the Town and Neigh-Filbcryj bourhood of Upton upon Severn, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act forlhe " better Preservation of Fish, and regulating the Fisheries, " in the Rivers Severn and Vcrnieu and Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, for the Preservation of Spawn and Fry of Fish, the Meihes of Nets used in the River Severn are required to be Two Inches and an Half wide; and that by another Act, pafl'ed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for Preservation of Fish in the River Severn, the Size of the Mefliesas limited by the said Act of the First of Queen Elizabeth, is confirmed, and Provision made against fishing with Nets in the River Severn below Gloucester Bridge of more than Sixty Yards in Length, and above Gloucester Bridge, of more than Fifty Yards in Length, to Ripple Jjock Stake, near Upton upon Severn, in the County of Worcester, and from thence up the River, of Twenty Yards in Length; and that after reciting in the Preamble of the said Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, " that before the Navigation of the said River below Gloucester Bridge w as " increased to the Degree it now is, there were many " Weares in the said River, whereby the Passage of " Fish up the said River was confined, and Nets of " the limited Length were then sufficient for the Purpose of taking Fish; and that the said River was in many Places below Gloucester Bridge then greatly " widened, and continued Yearly widening by frequent " Floods and by violent Tides, which washed away the u Banks of both Sides of the said River, and were " liable so to do at different and uncertain Places; and *4 that Nets of a greater Length were absolutely necef-Me fary for the taking of Fish in the said River," so much of the said Acts of the First of Elizabeth and Thirtieth of Charles the Second, as relates to the Size of Melli and the Length of Net, is repealed; and by the same Act, Nets are allowed below Gloucester of Twice Vol. 38.

the Breadth of the River, and above Gloucester Nets of different Lengths, viz. from Gloucester to Ripple Loch Stake Seventy-five Yards, and above Ripple Lock Stake, where there are no Shoals, Forty Yards, and where there are Shoals, Twenty Yards only; and the Meihes of such Nets, in the Months of February, March,

April, and May, are required to be One Inch and Three Eighths wide only, and in the Months of November,

December, January, June, and July, Two Inches and an Half wide, and all other Nets are prohibited; and, by the said Act, all Manner of Fishing, except Angling, is prohibited in the Months of AlignJl, September, and October; and that by the same Act, no Person is allowed to fish or use any Nets in the Fords, Streams, and Shallows of the said River, between the Tenth Day of March and the Twentieth Day of May, nor any Person above Ripple Lock Stake to fish in the Night, viz. after Sun-Setting and before Sun-Rising; which said several Regulations the Petitioners conceive to be injurious to them and the County of Worcester in general: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that so much of the said Iaft-mentioned Act as relates to the Length of Net and Size of Mefli, and prohibiting fishing with Nets in the River Severn in the Months of August, September, and October, and the fishing on Fords, Streams, and Shallows of the said River between the Tenth Day of March and the Twentieth Day of May, may be repealed; and if it shall be thought necessary to prohibit the catching of Salmon in Worcestershire in any Part of the Year, that the Time of such Prohibition may be shortened from Three Months to One Month; and that free Liberty may be restored to the Petitioners, and all other Persons, to fish at all Seasons of the Year in the said River Severn, without incuring any Penalty, except as Possessors of Salmon during the Prohibition; and that a more equal Provision may be made for regulating the Length of Nets to be used in the said River, and which the Petitioners conceive should be somewhat more than the Breadth of the River where the same are respectively to be used, and that the Mefli of such Nets may not be less than Three Inches; and that all Persons below Ripple Lock St.ake, as well as those above, may be prohibited fishing in the Night Time, or that all Persons above as well as those below Ripple Lock Stake may be permitted to fish in the Night Time; and that the Petitioners may have such further Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr Foley, Mr. Lygon, &c:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Exe- Blyth Marfti cution Two Acts, passed in the Second and Eleventh K°ad. Years of His present Majesty's Reign, so far as the same relate to the Road from Blyth Marsh, in the County of Stafford, through Cheadle, Oakamovr, and Blore, to the Turnpike Road from Ashburn to Buxton, near Thorp, in the County of Derby, and alsothe Road from the Road between Cheadle and Leek, to the Turnpike Road above Frogall Bridge, and from the same Road to the Road between Blyth Marsh and Thorp, at of near the Ruehill Gate, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Ashburn to the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and from RyecjvJt Gate upon Rushton Common to Congleton, in the County of Chester, and also the Road leading from Blyth Marsh, in the County of Stafford, through Cheadle, Oakamoor, and Blore, to the Turnpike Road from Ashburn to Buxton, near Thorp, in the County of Derby; and

that

Pipers

respecting

Naval

Affairs.

$2 6° Februarii. 1782.

that another Act was made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Shelton to the Road between Cheadle and Leek, and from Bucknall to and from the Road between and Leek to the

Turnpike Road abo ve Frogall Bridge, and from the Tame Road to the Road between and

Thorp, at or near Ruehitt Gate, in the County of Stafford-, and that, by the last mentioned Act, such Part of the Road therein described (called The Second DiJlriB) as leads from the Road between Cheadle and Leek to the Turnpike Road above Frogall Bridge, and from the same Road to the Road between and Thorp, at or near the Gate, and also the

Division of the Road in the First-mentioned Act, from 'Myth Marsh to the said Turnpike Road from JJhburn to Buxton, near Thorp, were consolidated; and that by an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of Wis present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from the Navigation on the South Side of , in

'the County of Stafford, to Frogall, and a Railway from thence to or near certain Lime Works and Limeftonb Quarries in Ctildtm, in the said County, very largfe Quantities of Lime and LimeAone are conveyed upofi the said Navigation to divers Parts of the said County, which used to be supplied with Lime by Land Carriage Ixpon the said Turnpike Roads, by reason which Navigation, the Tolls at the several Toll Gates upon the laid Turnpike Roads have been greatly reduced, and have thereby, and by Means of diviers Exemptions from Toll contained in the First-recited Act, become infyffieient to pay the Interest of the Debt upon them, and to keep the said Roads in Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of the said Acts passed in the Second and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road from Blyth 'Marsh to the Road leading from Ashburn to,

near Thorp, and also such Part of the Roads comprized in the said Act of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty (and therein called The Second DiJlriB) as leads from the Road between Cheadle and Leek to the Turnpike Road above Frogall Bridge, and from the same Road to the Road at or near Ruehill Gate-, for taking off particular Exemptions in the said First-mentioned Act, so far as the same relate to the Division of the said Road from Blyth Marsh to the Road leading from Buxton to AJliburn, near Thorp-, with such Powers, and under and subject to such Provisoes, Restrictions, and Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gilbert, Sir John Wrotlejley, ice.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Mulgrave, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, N* i. Substance of the Intelligence received of the Movement of the Spanish Fleet at Cadiz and Ferrol in the Months of February and March 17 St: And also, N° 2. Subliange of the Intelligence received at any Time of the equipping of Monsieur la Molte Squadron at Brejl, after Vice Admiral Darby's failing in March 1781c And also,

N° 3. Substance of the Intelligence received at any Time of the Equipment and failing of Monsieur de Grajfe with his Force for the West Indies, in the Months

of February and March 1781: And also,

N° 4. Substance of the Intelligence received of Monsieur de Guichen's Equipment in May and June 1781, and, of his failing from Brejl to Cadiz: And also, N° 5. Substance of the Intelligence of the French

Armament at Brejl, at any Time from the Month of September to the failing of Rear Admiral 011

the 6th December 1781: And also,

Substance of the Intelligence received from The West Indies, relative to the Detention of the Jamaica Fleet in 1781;

N° 6. Extract of a Letter from Vice Admiral Sir Peter Parker at Jamaica to Mr. Stephens, dated 16th March 1781.

N° 7. Extract of a Letter from Vice Admiral Sir Peter Parker to Mr. Stephens, dated 2d July.

N° 8. Extract of a Letter from Vice Admiral Sir Peter Parker to Mr. Stephens, dated 27t h July.

N° 9. Extract: of a Letter from Captain of

The Albion, in the Downs, to Mr. Stephens, dated 15th November 1781: And also,

Information sent by the Admiralty to Sir George Rodney, apprizing him of the failing of Monsieur de Grajffe for The W Indies in March 1781;

viz.

N° 10. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to Sir George Rodney, dated 30th 1781; inclosing a

Paper of Intelligence, marked A.

N° 11. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to Sir George Rodney, dated 31st March 1781; inclosing a Paper of Intelligence, maiked B: And also,

Extracts from Vice Admiral Darby's Letters to Mr. Stephens, as contain his Reasons for leaving his Station, sent either from Sea or on his Arrival at Torbay, in August 1781; with Extracts, and a Copy of Mr. Stephens's Answers; viz.

N° 12. Extract of a Letter from Vice Admiral Darin/ to Mr. Stephens, dated 17th August 1781.

N° 13. Extract of a Letter from Vice Admiral Darby to Mr Stephens, dated 25th August 1781.

N° 14. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to Vice Admiral Darby, dated 27th August 1781.

N® x 5. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to Vice Admiral Darby, dated 29th August 1781; inclosing A Paper of Intelligence, marked C. *

N° 16. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to Vice Admiral Darby, dated 31st August 1781: And also,

Extracts from Vice Admiral Parker's Letters to Mr. Stephens, and Copies of his Answers to the Vice Admiral, as contain Information relative to the Dutch Squadron and their Movements, to the Vice Admiral's Requisitions, and the Admiralty's Intentions of fending Reinforcements in Time; viz.

N° 17. Extract of a Letter from Vice Admiral Parker to Mr. Stephens, dated 17th May 1781.

N° 18. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to Vice Admiral Parker, dated 2d June 1781; inclosing u Paper of Intelligence, marked D.

N® i9. Extract of a Letter from Vice Admiral Parker to Mr. Stephens, dated 3d 1781.

N® 20. Copy of a Letter from Vice Admiral Parker to Mr. Stephens, dated 31st July 1781.

N® 21. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to Vice Admiral Parker, dated 2d July 1781; inclosing a Paper of Intelligence, marked E.

N® 22. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens (o Vice Admiral Parker, dated 23d July 1781: And also,

N® 23. Copy of Vice Admiral Parker's Letter to Mr. Stephens, giving an Account of his Action with the Dutch Squadron off The Dogger Bank the 5th August 1781, dated the 6th August 1781: And also,

Extracts from Vice Admiral Darby's Letters t,o Mr. Stephens, as contain the State and Condition

of the Ships under his Command on their Return from their Cruize in November 1781;

N® 24. Extract of a Letter from Vice Admiral Darby to Mr. Stephens, dated 19th October 1781.

N® 25. Extract of a Letter from Vice Admiral Darby to Mr. Stephens, dated 6th November 1781.

N® 26. Copy of the State and Condition of such of the

2 2 Gio. III. 6° Februarii. 683

the Ships before mentioned as arrived at Plymouth upon their Return from their Cruize in November 1781, dated 2d and qth November.

N® 27. Copy of the State and Condition of such of the Ships before mentioned as arrived at <S dat-

ed d and loth November 1781: And also.

Copies or Ext rafts of Rear Admiral Kempenfelfs Correspondence, as relates to the Objects of his Command from the Time of his Appointment, and of the Instructions with which he failed in December 1781, an<l the Intelligence given to him by the Admiralty relative to the Force of the Enemy; viz.

N® 28. Copy of Rear Admiral Kempenfelt'?, Appointment to the Command, dated 14th November 1781.

N® 29. Copy of an Order from the Lords of the Admiralty to Rear Admiral Kedated 15th November 1781.

N®. 30. Copy of another Order from the Lords of the Admiralty to Rear Admiral dated 20th

November 1781.

N° 31. Copy of another Order from the Lords of the Admiralty to Rear Admiral dated 22d No-

vember 1781.

N® 32. Copy of a Letter from Rear Admiral Kem-pcnfellto Mr. Stephens; received 25th November 1781.

N° 33. F.xtraft of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to Rear Admiral Kempenfelt, dated 16th November 1781.

N® 34. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to Rear Admiral Kempenfelt, dated 26th November 1781; inclosing a Paper of Intelligence, marked F.

N® 35. Extract of a Letter from Rear Admiral Kem-penfelt, to Mr. Stephens, dated 27th November 17.81.

N° 36. Copy of a Letter from Rear Admiral penfeltto Mr. Stephens, dated ill December 1781.

N® 37. Copy of a Letter from Rear Admiral Kem-penfcltto Mr. Stephens, dated 2d December 1781.

N® 38. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to Rear Admiral Kempenfelt, dated 2d December 1781; inclosing a Paper of Intelligence, marked G.

N° 39. Extract, of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to Rear Admiral Kempenfelt, dated 7th December 1781; ir.cloling a Paper of Intelligence, Marked H.

N" 40. Copy of an Order from the Lords of the" Admiralty to Rear Admiral Kempenfelt, dated 7th December 1781.

N® 41. Copy of another Order from their Lordships to Rear Admiral Kempenfelt, 7th December 1781.

N® 42. Copy of an Order from the Lords of the Admiralty to Rear Admiral Kempenfelt, dated 14th December 1781.

N" 43. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to Rear Admiral Kempenfelt, dated 15th December 1781.

N® 44. Copy of an Order from the Lords of the Admiralty to Rear Admiral Kempenfelt, dated 18 th cember 1781.

N® 4 5. Copy of another Order from their Lordships to the Rear Admiral, dated 18th December 1781: And also,

N° 46. Copy of Rear Admiral s Letter to

Mr. Stephens, upon his falling-in with the French Fleet in December dated 14thDecembtr 1781: And also, N* 47. Copy of a List of the French Fleet supposed to have been in the Action between Sir Samuel Hood q and Monsieur de Grasse, off Point Salines: And also, N® 48. Lift of the English Fleet under the command of Sir Samuel Hood in the Action with Monsieur de Grasse, off Point Salines: And also,

N°4g. Extract, from Sir Samuel Hood's Letter address-ed to Sir George Rodney, and by him transmitted to the Admiralty, lo far as gives an Account of the Action; Sir Samuel Hood not having addressed his Letter to the Admiralty on that Subject: And also,

N® 50. An Account of Ships and Frigates employed for the Defence of the Kland of ,in the Month of

January 1781: And also,

Vojl. 38,

N* 51. An Account of the Number of Ships of War lately failed under the Command of Admiral Sir George Rodney for The Wesi Indies; specify ing the Times when they were respectively ordered to be fitted for that Ser- . vice, the Times they were severally reported to be ready for Sea, together with the Names of the Ships and the Commanders of them at those different Periods: And also,

N® 52. A Lift of the Names of the Admirals, Captains, and other Commanders, borne for Full Pay in

His Majesty's Fleet, now absent from their Duty, with the Reasons in their Applications: And also.

Copies or Extracts of the Instructions given to Vice Admiral Darby, upon his failing in the Month of September 1781: As also, of any Instructions sent him during his Cruize;

N° 1. Extract of Instructions from the Lords of the Admiralty to Vice Admiral Darby, dated 7th Septembet 1781.

N° 2. Copy of an Order from the Lords-of the Admiralty toVieeAdmiral Darby, dated 28th 1781.

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to Vice;

Admiral Darby, dated 22d October 1781: And also,

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens, Secretary of the Admiralty, to Captain Byron, of His Majesty's Ship Proserpine, dated 21st March 1781: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to Captain Montagu, of His Majesty's Ship Juno, dated 24th March 1781: And also,

N° 3. Copy of Mr. Stephens'1? Letter to the Command-. ing Officer of the Convoy expected from The Leeivard Jjlands, dated 21st March 1781: And also,

N®4, Copy of Mr. Stephens'sLetter to the Command-

ing Officer of the Convoy expected from Jamaica, dated 21st of March 1781: And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens to Vice Admiral Darby, dated 10th May 1781, so far as relates to the Protection of the Convoys from Saint Eujlatius and Jamaica.

Together with Lists of the said Papers.

And the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Sir James Lowther have Leave to go Lnve of into the Country for Three Weeks, on his private Absence.

Affairs.

Ordered, That Sir John Eden have Leave to go into Ditto, the Country for Six Weeks, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Evelyn have Leave to go into the Ditto. Country for Six Weeks, on his private Affairs.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Lovne Brides Clergy, Merchants, Land Owners, principal Inhabitants, ' nearLancaftri and Tradesmen, within the County Palatine of -

ter, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the present County Bridge over the River Loyne, adjoining to the Town of Lancaster, in the said County, is very ancient and greatly gone to Decay, and is too narrow to admit of Two Carriages to pass each, other with Safety, and is likewise very inconveniently situated; and that the Petitioners apprehend it would be of great public Convenience, if a new Bridge was erected over the said River about Sixty Roods above the present Bridge, from a certain Parcel of Common or Waste Ground, situate within the Borough or Town of Lancaster aforesaid, called The Green Area, to a certain other Parcel of Waste Ground, opposite to Skertori

Cross, in the Township of Skerton, in the said County, with sufficient Ramparts, Wing Walls, Banks, and other Works, and if proper and convenient Roads and Avenues were made thereto j and that the Mayor, Bailiffs,

8 M and

684 6° Februarii. A. 1782.

and Commonalty of Lancajicr, in Council assembled, ha^ resolved to give and grant, for ever, a Road of Twenty yards wide over the fair! Green Area to such intended new Bridge, and to make, l'upport, and main-' tain the same at their own Expence; and that the Petitioners have caused a Plan and Estimate to be made for building a substantial Bridge proper for the Passage of Carriages, Cattle, and Travellers, which they are informed will amount to about the Sum of£.6,000 And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to-bring in a Bill for the above Purposes, under such Regulations as shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas , Lord George

Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Charles Morgan reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his lat Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Brecon to the Parish of and

to Whitney) Passage, in the County of Hereford, and of several other Persons whose Names are thereunder subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of A/>ril 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Ueport in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Walter Churchey being examined, said. That the

Trustees under the said Act have regularly put the same in Execution, and have made a considerable Progress in repairing the said Roads; in doing which, the Tolls, together with a large Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly expended:

That the Trustees have always, br virtue of the Powers for that Purpose in the said Act contained, considered and managed the said Roads as fepaiate and dif-tinct Districts; that they have accordingly borrowed Money on each respectively, independent of the other; that the Whole being under One Set of Trustees, Dif-putes have from Time to Time arisen about the apportioning of the Income, and Difficulties have often occurred in the Execution of the Act, from the Whole of the Roads being under One Set of Trustees and having only One Clerk; for which Reasons it is expedient that each District should be under a separate Act of Parliament:

That the Money borrowed as aforesaid is Hill due, to the Amount of£.1,800 on the Breconshire District, and £.2,100 on that of Herefordshire and that the same cannot be paid off, and the Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, without the further Alftftance of Parliament, as the Act will expire at the End of the present Session.

Hugh Bold, Esquire, being examined, confirmed the foregoing Evidence; and added. That it is the Willi of the Creditors of the Brecon/hir District, to have those Roads repaired by a separate Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening tire Road from the Town of Brecon through the Town of Hay, in the Couniy of 'Brecon: And that Mr. Charles Morgan, Sir Charles Gould, and Mr. John Morgan, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to ^re('onu enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Brecon to the Parish of Brobury, and to Whitney Passage, in the County of Hereford, and for building a Bridge over the River Wye at Bredwardine Passage, in the same County, so far as relates to such of the Roads comprized in the said Act, as lie in the County of Hereford: And that Mr. Charles Morgan, Sir George Cornezvall, and Mr. Alderman Harley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland, from the Committee War in th< of Secrecy appointed to enquire into the Causes of the Cara.u. War that now subsists in The Carnatic, and of the present Condition of the British Pofletfions in those Parts, and to report the same to the House, with their Observations thereupon, acquainted the House, That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to make another Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, iu at the Clerk's Table; Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other 1 Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

A Petition of //cnn/Duke of Buccleugk, and the hum- Ay: Bad. ble Petition of Archibald Douglas of Douglas, John Hamilton of Sundrum, Alexander Ferguffbnof Craigdarroch,

I lay Campbell, David Ferguson, Alexander Joint,

Campbell, Andrew Crosbie, George Home, Alexander M‘konochie, and John Syme, Esquires, by the Subscribers being a Quorum of the Committee appointed for managing the Affairs of the Bank of Ayr, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners, and certain other Persons now deceased, were impowered to execute and issue Bonds for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole £. 500,000, for redeeming the Annuities granted by the Partnership of Douglas,

Heron, and Company, late Bankers in Ayr, or for raising Money for redeeming the said Annuities, or any Part thereof; which Bonds were by the said Act declared to-be adignable, by Indorsement upon the original Bond without Stamps, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; but by the said Act it is provided, that the said Bonds shall not be negotiable or transferrable by Indorsement after the 24th Day of June 1782; and that the Petitioners, or some of them, proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and issued Bonds in the Terms thereof to a considerable Amount, by which and other Meat s, they have redeemed the whole Annuities granted by the Part-nership of Douglas, Heron, and Company; and that the Petitioners have also paid off and discharged a great Number of the Bonds so issued under the Authority of the said Act; but the Remainder thereof may not be discharged and paid offwithin the Time limited by the said -Act, without nianifell Prejudice to the Petitioners and the other Partners of the said Company, in which same it will also be to the manifest Prejudice of the Holders of the said Bonds, if the Time for negotiating the same by Indorsement is not further prolonged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for allowing further Time for negotiating the Remainder of the said Bonds by Indorsement, under such Restrictions and Limitations as to the House shall appear proper and necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration

> Pennies kots.

rcthley

:lofure.

21 Geo. III. 6* Februar 685

Consuleration of a Committed: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir Adam Ferguson, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies or

One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, or Beer, brewed for Sale or vended within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith, and of several other Persons, being Inhabitants of the said Town of Dalkeith, was referred: That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; whereby it appeared. That the said Duty was to commence and have Continuance for the Term of Twenty-one Years, for the Purposes of repairing the Streets of the said Town, and supplying the Inhabitants thereof with fifth and wholesome Water. And,

Mr. William Bell being examined, said, That the Troftees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have caused the said Duty to be regularly collected and applied for carrying the said Works Into Execution, which they have not hitherto been able to complete — That it would be of great Advantage to the ibid Town, and of Public Utility, if the Purposes of the said Act were fully accomplished, which cannot be done unless the Terms and Powers thereof be continued, there being no other Revenue whatsoever belonging to the said Town.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fot-continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Sor One-sixth Part of " a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter,

" er Beer, brewed for Sale or vended within the Town " and Parish of DalkeithAnd that the Lord Advocate of Scotland and Sir A data do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable John Eari Mexborough in the Kingdom of Ireland, Lord of the Manor of Metkley, in the County of York, and a eon-

siderable Proprietor of Lands and Tenements within the said Manor, and also of the Reverend John Briggs, Clerk, Rector of the Parish of aforesaid, and of the Owners of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements within the said Manor and Parish, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several Commons and Wastes, called Mofc.ar, West Hall Green, Mellin Green, The Carr, The Wind Mill Moor, The Mires, and Coney Moor, containing 300 Acres or thereabouts; and other Parcels of "Wastes, not distinguishable by any particular Names; Und also several Common Fields or Undivided Inclosnfes, Called Church Field, Oakes , Whitecross Field, Moorhouse Field, North Ings, Gam fear Digs,

Thorp Ings, and Lowfield, containing 500 Acres or thereabouts; and that it would be advantageous to the Owners of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, having Right of Common upon the said Commons and Wastes, and Property in the said Fields respectively, if the same - VOL. 38.

Commons and Wastes, which in their present State are incapable of any great Improvement, and also the said Common Fields or Undivided Inclosures (wherein the Property lies much dispersed and Intermixed, consequently inconvenient for Occupation) were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to each of the said Owners and Proprietors, according to their Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons, Common Fields, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Duncombe and Sir George Savile do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put WhiteParifli, in Execution an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year &c* Road* of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Roads leading from a Pond belonging to Henry '

" Eyre, Esquire, in the Parish of White Parish, in the " County of Wilts, to the Top of Dunwood Hill, and " from thence, over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge,

" through Rotnfey Infra, to Hundred Bridge, in the " County of Southampton, and from thence to the " County of the Town of Southampton," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been laid out in repairing the said Roads, and other Purposes of the said Act; but the said Roads are still in a very ruinous Condition, and the Money*owing cannot be repaid, and the said Roads effectually repaired, and kept in Repair for the foture, unless the Term granted by the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear tb them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Mr. Peh-

ruddock, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morrl-ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of Chicheier the City of Chichester, and of the Inhabitants of the fe- Street*, veral Parishes of Saint Peter the Great, alias Subdeanry,

Saint Pancrafs, and Saint Bartholomew, being partly Within the Liberties of the said City and partly without, and of the Precinct within the same City called The Close, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other public Passages within the said City and Liberties thereof, and also within the said Parishes and Precinct, are in a very ruinous Condition, and in general very ill paved, repaired, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and are moreover greatly obstructed by various Nuisances and Annoyances; and several of the said Streets,

Squares, Lanes, and other public Passages, are in some Parts thereof too narrow, and extremely incommodious; and that the Petitioners conceive it would tend greatly to the Health, Safety, and Advantage of the Inhabitants of the said City, and the Liberties thereof, and of the several Parishes and Precinct aforesaid, and be of great Public Utility, if the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, and ©liter publfe Passages, were properly paved, repaired,

cleansed

f>8 6 6° Februariu 1782.

cleansed, lighted, and'watched, and widened where mreflciry, and the said Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances removed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said City and Liberties thereof, and the several Parishes and Freeing aforesaid respectively, and for other the Purposes herein contained; and that the Petitioners may have such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it i.ball appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Steel, Lord Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

TidSc.Giles, Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom

&c- the Petition of licefionLong, of , Merchant, was

Drauage. rcferrcfj. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, at it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vi

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of Hispresent Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Saint Giles an;i Newton, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and in Tid Saint Mazy's, in the County of Lincoln, was read; whereby it appeared, That by Means of the opening of a certain Work, called Cut, from the Well

Marsh, or River's End, in the said Parishes of Tid Saint Giles and Tid Saint Mary's, to near the Outfall of New Gunthorp Sluice, and the making a Dam ‘ over the Channel of the River, to turn the

Waters thereof out of their then uncertain Course amongst the Sands into the said Cut, the shifting and bare Sands, situate on the North and Eall of the said Dam and Cut, and bounded as therein mentioned, would be raised, and might become capable of Cultivation; which said Works are, by the said Act, authorized to be ‘done and performed by the Commissioners for the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called

LeveT,; and that as the making, supporting, and preserving the said Works, would be attended with great Labour and Expence, it is thereby enacted, That the said shifting and bare Sands, and also the Channel of the Wisbech River to the Low Water Mark on the South

and Eall Side thereof, should, from the passing of the said Act, vest in the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Bedford Level, and their Successors for ever, for the Ul'es and Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Godfrey Kettle being examined, informed your Committee, That Beef on Long, Esquire, the Petitioner,

is Tenant for Life of certain Lands in the said Parish of Tid Saint Mary's, some Parts whereof confill of Sands; and Doubts have arisen whether the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, may not hereafter claim the Sands of the Petitioner as Part of the Sands vested in them as aforesaid by virtue of the said Act; although it is well knovvu, that it was the Intent and Meaning of the said Act, that no more of the private Property of any Person should be taken away, than was absolutely necessary to enable the Commissioners to make the said Cut, Drain, and Bank, for the Benefit of the Public.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Saint Giles and

Newton, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and in Tid Saint Mary's, in the County of so far

as the same relates to vesting certain Lauds in the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level: And that Mr. Elwes and Mr.

Montagu do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Owners of Lands within the 1ft, Parish of Milton Bryant, in the County of Bedford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Selling forth. That there ate within the said Parish several Open Arable Fields and Parcels of Common and Watle Grounds, which in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be highly beneficial to the Petitioners if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the fame, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Elwes, the Earl of Upper and Mr.

drew St. John, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trullees appointed toput Allis, in Execution an Act, passed in the Second Year of the fa.!ai Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repairing and widening the High Road leading from " Ashborne, in the County of Derby, to the Town of

" Leek, in the County of Stafford, and from llyecroft " Gale, upon Rushton Common, to Congleton, in the County of Chester, and also the Road ieading from " Blythe Marsh, in the County of Stafford, through " Cheadle, to Oakamoor and Wore, to thcTurn pike Road

"*from Ashborneto Buxton, near Thorp, in the County of Derby," so far as the same relates to the Districtcf Road leading from Ashborne, in the County of Derby, to the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gale, upon Rujhlon Common, to Congleton, in the County of Chester; and of several of the Creditors who have advanced Money upon the Credit of the Tolls arising within the said District, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trullees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, so far as the same relates to the said District, and have borrowed a large Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls arising the rein, a considerable Part whereof iliH remains unpaid; and that the said Act, so far as relates to the said District, has been found very defective, and unless the Term thereby granted, which is near expiring, and the Powers thereof, so far as concern the said District, are enlarged, the Road cannot be completely repaired, and kept in Repair, nor the Money borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls arising within the said Distift be repaid; and that the said Road from the End of Ashborne Church Yard, through the Church Street, to the Top of the Dig Street, in Ashborne aforesaid, is bad and dangerous, and it would be of Public Utility if the same was put under, and repaired by, the Trustees acting for the said District of Road which lies between Ashborne and Congleton; and that it would be for the Benefit of the said District, and of the Country at large, if the Road leading between Hanging Bridge and the Half Way from thence to the Oak at Spath, in the County of Stafford, was added to, and made Part of, the said District of the Road between and

Congleton aforesaid, subject to such Provisions respecting. the said Road as are contained in an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,.

" An Act for repairing and widening the Road from " High Bridges, in the County of Stafford, to Uttoxeter,

" and from Spath to Hanging Bridge, and from " nails Lane to Yoxall Bridge, in the said County;" and representing to the House, that by an Act, made in.

12 Geo. III.

6* Februa1

the fsiid Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from Sandon, in the County of to Bullock Smithy, in the County of and from

Hilderstone to Draycott in the Moors, and from Wetley stocks to Tcan, in the said County of Stafford" the Trustees for executing the said Act were directed, in case any Gate or Turnpike should be erected by virtue thereof upon any Part of the Road between Leek and the Turning-off from the Macclesfield Road towards Congleton, upon Rushton Common, to pay yearly to the Trustees of the said District of Road from to,

leek, and from Rushton Common to Congleton, One fourth Part of the Tolls to be collected at such Gate, after deducting the Charges of erecting such Turnpike and collecting such Tolls, to be by them laid out in the Repair of the Road from Rushton Common to Congleton aforesaid; but the Provision made in the said Act for the Payment thereof is defective: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said first-mentioned Act, so far as the same relates to the District of Road between Ashborne and Congleton aforesaid; and for effecting the other good Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as, it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord John Cavendish, Lord George Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and hare Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Richard Arkwright, of Cromford, in the County of Derby, Cotton M anpfacturer, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner, after many Years intense Study and painful Application, and after a great Variety of repeated Experiments, invented, about the Year 1768, a Machine, or Machines, for making Cotton into Yarn in a more expeditious as well as in a very different Manner from any Invention that had preceded it, and in the Prosecution of his Experiments expended considerableSums of Money, and in the Year 1769 obtained a Patent for his said Invention; and that the Petitioner conceiving that his said Invention was capable of considerable Improvements, did, after several Years further Study and Alfiduity, improve the Principles of his said Invention, and, after a large additional Expence inenrred therein, brought the same to a greater Degree of Perfection, and also invented Machines for preparing the Cotton for Spinning, by a much less expensive and much more expeditious Method than had been before pursued, for which Improvements and further Invention, he also obtained a Patent in the Year 1775; and that the Petitioner has, with his Partners, in Consequence of the said Patents, expended the Sum of £. 30,000 and upwards, in Buildings and other necessary Works, in order to carry the said Manufactory into complete Execution, over and above the Labour and Expence of instructing and training up many Thousand poor Persons, of different Ages as well as Sex, in a Knowledge of the said Manufactory; and that by the Introduction of the said Machines, the Cotton is prepared, and made into Yam, with great Facility and Expedition, and the Twill or Thread is of a superior Nature and Excellency to any that was ever before produced; hence the Manufacturer is enabled to fell in Foreign Markets, the Calicoe Business, which pronaifes to be of the greatest Importance to this Kingdom, has been introduced, many Thousand Persons are now (who were not before) employed in this Manufactory, and earn a comfortable Maintenance, and great and essential Benefit has of Consequence resulted to the Public; and that the Petitioner has, together with his Partners, in the Course of carrying on and establi firing his laid Manufactory, fullered Lpfles V*t. 38.

to the Amount of Four Or Five thousand Pounds, by the Violence of riotous and ill-disposed Persons, who have burnt anddestroyed his Buildings and other Works erected for the Purpose of carrying on the said Manufactory; and representing to the House, that the Legislature has, in many Instances, granted to Persons, for a considerable Number of Years beyond the Terra of their Letters Patent, an exclusive Right of exercising their Inventions, which, the Petitioner submits, have been of much less Public Utility and Advantage than the Inventions which he has produced, and therefore he has presumed to apply to the House, trusting, that the Merit and Importance of his Inventions will be proved to be of such National Concern and Advantage as to entitle him to the Assistance and Support of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to extend the Term granted by the First Patent in the Year 1769, so as to make the same expire with the Term granted by the Patent in the Year 1775, as some Recompense or Satisfaction for what, he hum-hly conceives, he may call his Public Services and Sufferings, or that he may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord John Cavendish, the Earl of Surrey, See.: And they are to meetTo-morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire What Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Ord, Mr.-Elwes, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1782.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Mr. Gilbert, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr Hattonreported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Alfiliants or Common Council, oftlieCity of Rochin the County of Kent, in Common Council assembled in the Guild-ball of the said City, and of several Gentlemen, Trades-men, and principal Inhabitants of the said City, and also of the several Parishes of Saint Nicholas and Saint Margaret, Strood, Frindsbury, Cobham, Shorne, Higham, Cliffe, Cooling, Halfiow, Chalk, Sheerness, Hoo, Burham,

Wouldham, Hailing, Cuxstone, Chatham and Gillingham) Rainham, Newington, Milton, and Sittingbourne, in the said County of Kent, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Richard Thompson being examined, said, That the said City and Parishes are very populous; and that many of the Inhabitants within the said City, and Parishes aforesaid, frequently contract Small Debts, which they often refuse to pay, presuming on the great Expence and Difficulties the Creditors labour under in recovering the same at Law.

And the Witness said. That if a more easy and speedy Method was established, for the Recovery of Small Debts, within the Limits aforesaid, he was of Opinion it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants, and' tend to promote useful Credit.

8 N Mr

t

Expiring

Lawt.

MilitU Pay and Cloathing*

Rochester,

6t c. SAali Debt!#

6° Februarii.

688

A. 1782.

Ensham

Inolofure.

Mr, George Gates being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Thompson.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City of Rochester, and the Parishes olSlrood,

FrindJbunj, Cobham, Shorne, High am, Cooling,

Haljlow, Chalk, SheerneJ's, Hoo,

Hailing, Cuxjtone, Chatham, Gillingham,

Newington, Milton, and Sittingbonrne, in the County of Kent: And that Mr. Hatton and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of his Grace the Duke of Marlborough, and the humble Petition of Benjamin Holloway,- James WaJlie, John Amatt, Jonathan Arnatt,

Charles Smith, and Richard Watkins, and the several other Persons whose Names afe thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of certain inclosed Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Ensham, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That in the last Session of Parliament a Bill was brought in for dividing and inclosing the Open Lands called Ensham Heath and Old Coppice, within the Parish of En/ham, in the County of Oxford, and for setting out Part thereof for a Common Pasture, and for regulating the Stint of the said Failure; and that, previous to the said Bill being brought into Parliament, a Proposal was made by Robert Langford, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Ensham, for inclosing all the Open and Common Field Lands within the said Parish, which being objected to by the Proprietors, the said Robei't Langford proposed to inclose certain Grounds within the said Parish, called Lammas and Michaelmas Grounds, and to exonerate the same from all Right of Common; which being also rejected by the Proprietors, the said Robert Langford proposed to inclose a certain

Part of the Common called Ensham Heath, in the said Parish of Ensham; to which last Proposal a great Number of Proprietors of Lands within the said Parish contented, and signed their Consents to the said Bill; and that after the Petitioners had consented to the Bill, several Amendments were made thereto, and a Clause inserted therein, to exonerate certain inclosed Lands within the said Parish, belonging to particular Persons, from all Right of Common whatever, on Payment of a small Annual Sum; and certain inclosed Lands of the Petitioners, and other Proprietors, were left still subject to a Right of Common by all the other Proprietors of Lands within the said Parish; the Purport of which Clauses had been totally rejetted by the Proprietors, on the previous Proposals made to them by the said Robert Langford; and the said Bill, with such Clause therein, was afterwards passed into a Law, and without the Knowledge, Assent, or Consent, of the Petitioners: and it was, at the Time the Bill was passing, represented to the Agent for the Petitioners, who resided in the Country, that the said Bill was passing with such Alterations only as the Petitioners Agent had made therein; and the said Clause, so inserted as aforesaid, was concealed from the Petitioners Agent; and that the Petitioners find themselves very much injured by the Clause inserted in the said Bill, for exonerating the said Lands from all Right of Common, and to which the Petitioners expressly objected, previous to the said Bill being brought in, and they have no Doubt but that, if they had not been prevented by the Means aforesaid, they should have given sufficient Evidence of the Un-reasonableness of such Clause, which they were total Strangers to till after the said Bill had passed into a Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to alter and repeal so much of the said Att to which the Petitioners were, by the Meaus aforesaid, total Strangers, and by which they conceive themselves aggrieved; or that the House will grant them such Relief as the Nature of their. same requires.

Ordered, That the said Peiition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it it is referred to Mr. Burton, Lord Charles Spencer, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Smfiw thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of, and Persons in- hcWjt. terested in, the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Lordship or Liberty of Sandiacre, in the County of Derby, on Behalf of themselves and all other Persons interested. therein, Was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it will be advantageous to the Petitioners, and the other Persons interested in the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Places, to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted for them respectively, according to their respective Properties and interests therein, to be held in Severalty for ever: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, Failures', Commons, and Commonable Places, in such Manner as to the House shall feern meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish and Mr. Curzon do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of Samuel Sandys, Esquire, Lord of the Wiifa Manor of Winstone, in the County of Gloucester, on hetat. Behalf of himself, and of the Reverend John Longdon,

Clerk, Rettor of the Parish of Winftone aforesaid, and of the several other Persons, Owners and Proprietors of the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands within the said Manor and Parish, which contain, by Estimation, about 760 Acres; and that the Lands and Grounds of the Owners and Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pallures, and Commonable and Waste Lauds, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, subject to frequent Trespasses, and much Inconvenience, and are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be very advantageous to the Persons interested therein, if such Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Proprietors and Persons entitled thereto, and interested therein, in Proportion to their respective Rights and Interests:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in iucit Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill^ pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Guise and Mr. Dutton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to R?nfonr>4 prohibit the Ransoming of Ships or Vessds captured- Capwa-from His Majesty's Subjects, and of the Merchandize or Goods on board such Ships or Vessels: And that Mr. Alderman Neionham, the Lord Mulgrave, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Henry Raiclinfon, Mr. Brickdale,

Mr. Wilbe)force, Mr. Abraham Rawlinfun, Sir War kin

Lewes, and Sir James Marriott, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Most Noble Hennj Duke af Nero-castle, and the humble Petition of the several Owners'

and

22 Geo. III.

6* Februarii.

689

pe and an(j Occupiers of Houses and Estates within the Pa*-c^c rishes of Habit Clement Danes and Mary le,

in the Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read. Setting forth, That there is at present no direct Communication between the South End of Stanhope Street, in the said Parish of Saint Clement Danes, and the neighbouring Streets called Holywell Street and the Strand; and that the Communications between the South End of Stanhope Street aforesaid and Wyche Street, and between the North End of Stanhope Street and Wylde Street, are very narrow and incommodious, and unsafe for Passengers and Carriages; and that it would contribute much to public Convenience, and to the Improvement of the Estates within the said Parishes, if safe and commodious Communications were opened between the said several Streets and Places, and the same may now be more easily effected, as many Houses between the South End of Stanhope Sereet aforesaid and the Strand have lately been burnt down; and that the Petitioner, the said Duke of Newcastle, is willing and desirous, at his own Expence, to make and open such Communications as before-mentioned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for opening, and rendering safe and commodious, the several Communications before-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Conlitleration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Byng, &c: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

dbright Lord John Cavendish, from the Select Committee, who £hou. were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Peter Johnston, f Carnfallock, Esquire, complaining of an uudue Lleftion and Return for the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That John Gordon, Esquire, is not duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined.

That Peter Johnston, Esquire, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the said Stewartry of Kirkcudbright:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the said Peter Johtston, Esquire, is duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the said Stewartry of Kirkcudbright.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, with the last Return for the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, and amend the fame, by rating out the Name of John Gordon, Esquire, and inserting the Name of Peter Johnston, Esquire, intiead thereof.

an, ke- A Bill for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road near

Parton to Monkland Mill, and from the Turnpike Road on Fair Mile Field to the Turnpike Road at Broad Heath, and from the Turnpike Road at or near . the Fords Bridge to the Turnpike Road near Stockton, and from Kyre Common to the Turnpike Road at -| don Green, in the Counties of Hereford and Worcester, \ was read a Second Time,

Vql. 38.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Darker, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Claudius Billet* Niw

Billet, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing John Claudius Billet.

Ordered, That Mr. Majlerman do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed for Stane, putting in Execution the Powers of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, " A11A (ft for amending and widening the Road " from the Town of Stone to Wordjley Green Gate, and " from the West End of Biljlon Street, in ton, to the High Street, opposite the Old Bush in " Dudley, and from a Place called Burnt Tree, near " Dudley, to Birmingham, and from the Market Cross " in Wolverhampton to Cannock, in the Counties of " Stafford, Worcester, and Warwic," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have made great Progress in repairing the said Roads, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money-on the Credit of the Tolls arising therefrom, whichftill remain due; and the Petitioners find that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and the Monies borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered, amended, and enlarged, and in Part repealed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue, enlarge, and render more effectual, the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House,

And it is referred to Sir John Wrottesley, Mr. Gilbert,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and-have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent Vexatious Removals of the Poor: And that Removal*; Mr. Powney, Sir Richard Sutton, Mr. Gilbert, and Mr.

Cokeoi Nottingham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, issued by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was dia rested by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Refolded,

6yo

6° — 70 Februarii.

A. 1782.

Wayr

trnl Meann

Importation of Italian ThroWn Silk*

Whale

Fishery.

Rffolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

B\jfbtvcd, That this House will. Upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing an Act* made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of fine Organs iued Italian Thrown Silk in any Ships or Vessels, for a Time to be limited.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr* Speaker resumed the Chair. *

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee* That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House willpleafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning*

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an additional Bounty on Ships employed in the Greenland and Whale tilhery, for a Time to be limited.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through* the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto 5 which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy 70 die Februariiy

Anno 22* Georgii IIIlU Regis, 1782,.

PftAYERS.

GfiAf Canal. A P E TITIO N of the Gentlemen, Land Owners,

Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, in the Counties vis Warwick* Leicester, and Derby, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by a Survey lately made, it appears that a Canal, for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels, may be conveniently made from or near a Place called Griff, in the Parish of Chillers Coton, in the County of Warwick, through the Parishes of Buckfagton, Wolvey, and Burton Hajlings, in the said County of "Warwick* and through the Parishes of Burbage, Hinckley, Higharn* Stoke Goldings Dadling-ton, Sutton Cheney* Shertton, Market Bosworth, Carlton, Congerston, Shackerfione, and Snarefton, in the County of Leicester* and through the Parish of Measham, and the Lordships of Oakthorpe and Donifihorpe, in the County of Derby, to Woodlands Farm* on Ashby Woidds, in the said County of Leicester, whereby a safe and easy Communication will be opened with the Coal Mines at Measham, Oakthorpe, and Ashby Woulds, and with the Towns and Villages adjacent to the said intended Canal, and also with the Oxford and Coventry Canals; and that the whole Course of the said intended Canal lies upon a dead Level, so that there will not be Occasion for any Lock to be made thereupon, unless lit so

mtly be one to regulate the Water; and that the Want of Coal for Fuel, and Lime for the Manure of Land; is very severely felt by the Inhabitants who reside in and about several Parts of the Counties of Leicester, War*-wick, Northampton* Buckingham, and Oxford, and, by the making of such. Navigable Canal, the Conveyance of Coals and Lime, as also of divers Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, as well to the Coventry anrl Oxford Canals as to the Towns and Villages adjacent thereto, in the several Counties aforesaid, will be greatly facilitated; and the same will be of Public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making I such Navigable Cut or Canal, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hunger ford, the Lord Mahon,

&c.: And they are tomeetupon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Cloek, in the Speaker's Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Coventry thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of, or Traders S trull Da>u. within, the City and County of the City of Covenlryi and Liberties of the fame, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said City and County is large and populous, and very extensive Trades and Mann Mured are carried on therein, and great Numbers of Persons are constantly employed in such Trades and Mami&o tories, many of whom frequently contract Small Debts to a great Annual Amount, and although they are well able, yet often refuse to pay such Debts, prefurn-ingon the Difficulties their Creditors lie underby the great Expence they are unavoidably put to, and the Delays they frequently meet with, in suing for and recovering the fame; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if a more easy and speedy Method of recovering Smalt Debts within the said City and County, and Liberties of the fame, was provided, it would greatly contribute to promote Industry, and support and encourage useful Credit, and would be of great Advantage to the Petitioners and others refuting and trading within the said City: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy v Recovery of Small Debts within the said City ami County, and Liberties of the fame, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Roe Yeo, Mr. GUbert, kc.z And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjournment House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

A Petition of the Right honourable Thomas Land fcngftoa Viscount Weymouth, Lord of the Manor, and Patron of Devenli the Rectory, of Kingston Deverill, in the County of Indofira. Wilts, and the humble Petition o ileveral other Persons, Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Estates within the Manor and Parish of Kingston Deverill aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and IV riih, several Open and Common Fields and Opan Downs, which are at present intermixed and dispersed; and also ral Common Downs, Common Meadows, Common failures, and Commonable Places, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement^ and that it would be very advantageous 1

r^y

'I'l Geo. III.

Februarii.

691

ardwickf,

Ci Roads.

tageous to the several Proprietors, and other Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds, if the same were divided and allotted in Severalty: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in fitch Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Penrvddock and Mr. Goddard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunder subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the High Roads leading from a Place called The H in the Parish of

ment, made ami passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for opening Communications between Wapping Street and " Ratcliff and between Old Gravel Lane and

" Virginia Street, and for paving certain Streets intended to be built, and also certain other Streets and " public Passages and Places within the Parishes of " Saint George and Saint John of Wapping, in the *' County of Middlesexand of several principal Inhabitants of the said Parishes, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That several of the Powers and Authorities in the said recited Acts contained, have been found defective, and inadequate to the Ihirposes thereby intended, and the Descriptions of the several Districts Clifford, in the County of Hereford, to Windmill Hill, established by the said Acts are very imperfcft; and

and from Voivchurch to Pontr in the said County, are in a very ruinous Condition, some Parts of them being exceeding deep and miry, and others so narrow that Two Carriages cannot pass ahreaft, whereby the said Roads are become dangerous and nnfafe for Travellers, and cannot be sufficiently repaired and amended by the Laws now in Force: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose of repairing the said Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a CommittSee: And that they do ex-

that the Pavements of several of the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places in the said Parishes of Saint John of Wapping and of Saint George, which are not directed to be new paved by either of the said recited Acts, are in a very ruinous Condition, and greatly obstructed by Annoyances and Nuisances; and it would be of great public Utility, if Provision was made for paving such Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, and for removing and preventing all Obstructions, Annoyances, and Nuisances therein, and also for opening a Communication between Hermitage Street and Virginia Street, and be-

amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it tween Hermitage Street and Bird Street, and between shall appear to them, to the House: Old Gravel Lane and New Gravel Lane: And therefore

And it is referred to Sir George Cornewall, Mr. Al- praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill

Wenloek nail Debts.

derman Harley, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names- are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of, or Traders within the Franchise of W and the Parish of

for amending the said Acts, and for effecting the several1 other Purposes before mentioned, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, a9 it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Byng, Mr. Alderman Hawley, in the County of Salop, was presented to the &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next,

House, and read; Setting forth, That very extensive at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and Trades and Manufactures are carried on by Persons re- have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, tiding within the said Franchise and Parish, and many of the Persons employed therein frequently contract1 Small A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Overseer^ Whitechapel Debts, which they often, although well able, refuse to of the Poor, and other the Inhabitants, of the Parish of Street*, pay, presumidg on the Difficulties their Creditors lie Saint Mary Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, was' under, by the great Expence they are unavoidably put presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That' to, and the Delays they frequently meet with in filing an Act was made in the Eighteenth Year of His present for the fame; and the Petitioners conceive, that an Act Majesty's Reign, stating, that the Three principal for the Recovery of Small Debts in a fommary Way Avenues from the Minories through Goodman's Yard Within the Parish and Franchise aforesaid, would very into Prescott Street, and from the Minories through Swan much contribute to promote Industry, support and en- Street and Swan Alley into Manfell Street, and from courage useful Credit, and be a great Advantage to the Whitechapel to Aldgate Jligh Street through Somerset Petitioners and others living and trading within the Street into Great Manfell Street, in the Parishes of Saint

‘ ---- Mary Whitechapel and Saint Botolph Aldgate, in the County of Middlesex, are great Thoroughfares, and be ing very narrow, it would be of public Utility to have the same widened, and that the Sum of £. 1,500, out

District aforesaid: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

W »pp*ng Streets.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- of the Surplusses of the Orphan's Fund in Lwndont mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shotild be applied towards such Purpose; wherefore the shall appear to them, to the House: said Act directed, that the Mayor and Commonalty and

And it is referred to Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Barrow, Sec.: Citizens of London should every Year, at the Times in And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at the said Act mentioned, pay to John Leman of Northall, Niue'of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have in tire County of Hertford, John Neionham of MeereJ'-Power to fend for Persons, Papers, awl Records. in the County of Sussex, and Edward Hawkins of

Goodman's Fields, Esquires, or the Survivor of them, or A Petition of the Commissioners acting under the the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor, an Authority of a certain Act of Parliament, made and Annuity or yearly Sum of Money, amounting to passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's f. 67. 10 in the Whole; and for securing the Payment

Reign, intituled, "An Act for paving Wapping Street, " in the County of Middlesex, and the several Streets " and Passages leading into the fame, and for removing " all Encroachments and Obstructions therefrom, and

" preventing the like for the future; and for opening a " Passage from Hermitage Street into Nightingale Lane, " and for paving l'uch Passage, and the Eal't Side of " Nightingale Lane"and of the Commissioners acting

under the Authority of a certain other Act of Parlia-

Vol. 38.

of the said Annuities, the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens were directed to make and execute, under the Common Seal of the said City, and deliver to the said John Leman, John Nexcnham, and Edward Hawkins,

Fifteen Ronds, for securing 100 upon each Bond, with Condition for paying an Annuity after the Rate of £. 4. 10s. per Annum, redeemable as t lie said Act allows, ami in l'uch Manner as is in the said Act expressed; and that soon after the passing of the said Act, the said

8 O

7° Februarii. . A. ij $r.

Jo(m Leman, John Newnham, and Edward Hawkins, did,

by virtue thereof, become possessed of the Bonds for feenring the said Annuities; and that the said Hawkins and John Lxmanare since dead, and the said

John Newnham is now. the only surviving Trustee; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application is making for it Bill for opening a Communication from WappingHigh Street into Loiter East Sin it field, and from Charlotte Street to Upper Smithfield, and through Black HorJ'eYard across East Smithfield and

BaJ'eman; Lane to Ixmon Street, and by making a Street or Streets from Nightingale Lane into Virginia Street, Part of which Premises is situate in the Farish of Saint Alan) Whitechapel; and that the Part so situate in the

Parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel is called Saltpetre Bank, and is now in a ruinous and dangerous Condition, and many idle and disorderly Persons harbour and secrete themselves therein, to the great Terror of the Neighbourhood, and Injury of the said Parish, as well as of the Public; and that if the said ruinous Buildings, from the Confines or Boundaries of the said Parish of Saint John of Wapping, near the South End of Saltpetre Bank aforesaid, cross Bofemary Lane into Lxmon Street,

were pulled down, and the Road or Street widened, paved, regulated, and made commodious, it would not only be very beneficial to the said Parish oiSaint Mary Whitechapel, but of great public Utility; and the Petitioners are defirousof taking upon themselves the Care and Expence of making so much Opening and Communication specified in the said Petition, as lies in the said Parish of Saint Mary Whitechapj and that the Petitioners apprehend the said Sum o if. 1,500, granted for improving the Opening into Goodman's Fields, to be inadequate to the Expence thereof, and they presume that the making, paving, and regulating the said Opening into Goodman's Fields aforesaid, will be of much more Consequence and Utility than the Improvements for which the said Sum was granted, and the Petitioners therefore suggest to the House, that it is expedient that the said Sum of f. 1,500 lhouhl be applied for those Purposes, inftcadof the Execution of the Plan to which it was appropriated by the said Act; of the Eighteenth of His present Majesty: And therefore praying. That Le ave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable them to make an Opening, pave and regulate the fame, from, the Confines or Boundaries of the said Parish of Saint John of Wapping near the South End of Saltpetre Bank across llofemary Lane into Goodman's Fields, and for applying the Sum of £. 1,500, and the accumulated Interell or Produce thereof, towards defraying the Expence of the fame, in such Maimer, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall feeiu meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Byng, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning nextj at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Duty was laid ltpon Black L<?ad Melting Puts imported into this Kingdom, the same would enable the Petitioner to extend his Manufacture, which would be of great public Utility: And therefore praying the House to take his same into Consideration, and to also nl him such Encouragement for extending his Manufacture, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir William Codrmgton presented to the House, ac- Minflenr.*, cording to Order, a Bill for allotting Part of Minjicr- HjinAw icorth Ham, in the Parish of Minsterworth, in the Count v b*k» of Gloucester, to Charles Barrow, Esquire, in lieu of his Common Rights thereupon; and for allowing Exchanges within the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved, That' the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of John Neumhamiof in the Whimfe

County of Sussex, Esquire, on the Behalf of himself, ami St.cc.,.

of the Inhabitants of Goodmans in the County of

Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Reciting an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, lor applying the Sum of/. 1,500, to arise out of the Surplusses of the Orphan's Fund, for the Purpose of widening certain Avenues leading into Goodman's Fields, in the Counly of; and let-

ting forth, That Bonds werd entered into by the Mayor,. Commonalty, and Gitizens.of Jand delivered to John Leman, the Petitioner, and Edward Hawkins, or. one of them, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act; and that in order to carry the Purposes of the said Act into Execution, the said John Ionian, the Petitioner, and the said Edward Hawkins, can fed Surveys to be made of the several Avenues, and Plans to be drawn for widening and opening thereof, with Eftknates of the Expences of eftefting the fame; from.whence it appears, that the Fund provided by the laij} Act will be fufiieient to execute the Plan for one of the said Openings only, viz. that through Swan Street and Swan Alley into Man-fell Street but the said Act having veiled no Powers in1 the said John Leman, the Petitioner, and Edioard

kins, or the Survivor of them, to purchase or make Compensation for the Buildings neceflitry to be removed in order to the widening of the said Avenues, -they have found themselves unable to fulfil the Purposes of the said Act; and that the widening of the said Passage j through Swan Street and Swan according to the said Plan, will be a Work of great public Utility, and the 1'..‘habitants of Goodman's F are very delirons lo

carry the Plan for widening of the Pnlfage through

Somerset Street into Execution, and to raise a fufiieient Sum of Money amongst themselves (iii Addition to the Fund provided by the said Act) for-that Piifpose; and that the Petitioner is very desirous that the Funds now vested in him alone by Survivorship, lhouhl be applied towards the Execution of the beneficial Purposes of the said Act: And tlterefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Powers contained in the said Act, in order to enable the Petitioner more

Black Lead A Petition of Charles Frederick Ilempcl, waspresented

Melting Pots. the House, and read; Setting forth, That about Twelve Years ago the Petitioner established a Manufactory of Black Lead Pots for melting of Metals, in which a great Number of poor Families are employed, and the Petitioner has paid Duties for the Raw Materials imported and used therein to a very considerable Amount; and that although the said Manufufturc is far superior in Quality to the foreign Melting Pots imported from Germany, yet the Duties which the Petitioner pays for the Raw Materials so far exceeds the Duty payable on the foreign Pots imported, that he labours under very great Discouragement in the prose-euting of his Manufacture; and that if an additional

l AtnAft for widee-

effectually to fulfil the Directions thereof, in such Manner as to the House Drill seem meet.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereuntofiibfcribedjbeing Commissioners for executing an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign'ol His present Majesty, intituled,

" ing and improving a certain Atpstm " Lane, and Part of Brick Lane, lead*

" chapelto Spital/ields, in the Comity

" for paving Dirty Lane, and aH«

" Petticoat Lane from Whiterha/yekHigh M:

" worth St reel, the said Avenue caller} We]

" from iheuee in one continued LineVhro'Vf (ague Street, Chapel Street, and Prino kers Bo c indnfive, and the several St^ .

K'-py *

X

> ' ' , w . -i

22 Geo. III.

7® Februa

sage s leading into the fame, and for removing all " Obfirucl ions and Encroachments therefrom, and preventing the like for the future," was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, ,7hat the said' Avenue called Dirty Lane, hath beet* widened and improved, and the far greater Part of the several I^mes, Streets, and Places mentioned in the said Act, have been paved; and that the Sum of 1,500, arising out of the Surplullesof the Orphan's Fund, which was granted to the Petitioners for the Purpose of making the said Improvement, hath, together with several Sums of Money raised by way of Annuities for Lives, and at Interest on the Credit of the Rates and Assessments authorized to be made by the said Art, been duly expended in defraying the Expence of the said Improvement, and new paving the said Streets and Places; and that, owing to the advanced Price of the Materials used in paving, the Expences of executing the Directions of -the said Ad, in that Refjied, have greatly exceeded the lEfti mates made previous to the passing thereof; and the Pitrchafe of the Land, Tenement s, Hereditaments, and Premises, which were wanted for the Purpose of wjden-- ing and improving Dirty Lane, hath proved more ex-peufive than it was expected to be 3 and that by Rea Con of the above-mentioned unavoidable Increase of Expence, and the high Kate of Interest the Coinmj(fi6ner$ have been obliged to pay for the Money borrowed for the Purposes of the Acts, the Rates and AflUTments thereby granted have been found rnfufficieut to pay-the Annuitants, although a confulerable Part of the Charge of improving the said Avenue called Dirty Lane, was defrayed by the voluntary Sybscription of Individuals; an J that Foot Paths have beeu made for the Accommodation of the Public, on both Sides of the new Street commonly called Dirty Lane; but the Commissioners are

not authorized by. the said Act to assess all the Inhabitants to defray the Expence thereof, the whole Burthen of which is thereby thrown on the Inhabitants of one Side thereof, many of whopl have alfu contributed liberally by Suhfcriprion to the.Expence of improving the said Street; and, by.reason yf the Poverty of many of the Persons liable to pay the Rates and AHellinents, the same have proved deficient in many Places; anil that there are certain Courts, Alleys, and vacant Spaces of Ground, and dead M alls, situate within the several . Lanes, Streets, and Places authorized to be new paved . which the Commissioners are not empowered to adels; and the said Act has been found to want Amendment and Alterations in severalRefpcds; and that the Sum of £. 1,500, arising out of the Surpluses of the said Fund, was also granted by Parliament towards making.or widening Three Openings from tfce Minor ies through Goodman's Yard into Prejcolt Stree and from the

ries through Szcan Street, and Swan Alley into Street, and from Whitechapel or High Street

i\troug\iSomeifetSlreet 'urto in the

Parishes of Saint Mary Whitechapel and Saint Aldgate, in the County of Middlesex, but the said Sum being insufficient tocomplete the fame, no Part thereof hath yet been applied to that Purpose; and that the Petitioners are informed, that a Petition is to be presented thiX'Session, praying, that the Jalt-mentioned Sum of f. 1,500 may be granted for the Purpose of

making a new Opening through Saltpetre Bank, instead of widening the Passages for which it was originally in-4ended; and that the Petitioners conceive, that the said Sum of £. 1, $00 is altogether inadequate to the Expence of making such Opening through Saltpetre Bank, hut would enable them to pay off the heavy Charges they have incurred by opening the new Street, formerly called Dirty Lane, towards the great Road called White-

chapel Hoad, and to complete the several Works directed to he performed by the said Act; and the Inhabitants of the Streets, Lanes, and Places directed to he paved, many of whom are in indigent Circumstances, would Voi. 38.

thereby be greatly cased: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain, ameud, and enlarge the Powers of the said Act; of the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, and to enable them to apply the said Sum of £. 1,500, or such Part thereof as to the Hotife shall seem meet, towards defraying the Expences of executing and completing the said several Mforks, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House Audi seem meet.

A Petition of several of the Commissioners for carry-, ing into Execution an Act. passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty s Reign, intituled, "An Act for opening Communications between I Yapping " Street and Ratcliff Highway, and between Old Gravel " Lane and Virginia Street, and for paving certain " Streets intended to be built, and also certain other " Streets and public Passages and Places within the " Parishes of Saint George and Saint John of Wapping,

V in the County of Middlesex," was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, that a Petition hath been presented, praying, that the Sum of f. 1,500, granted by Parliament in the Eighteenth Year of llis present Majesty's Reign, for widening Three certain Openings from the Mi nor ies through Goodmans into

Street, and from the Minories through Swan Street and Swan Alley into ManJell Street, and from Whitechapel or Aldgate. High Street through Somerset Street into Great ManJell Street, may be applied for the Purpose of making naOpeningthrough Saltpetre Bank, inlleadof the Places for which it was originally granted; and that the Petitioners conceive, that the said Sum istotallyinadequate to the Purpose of making such Opening through Saltpetre Bank, but would enable the Petitioners to complete the several Mrorks directed to be done by the said Act of the Seventeenth of His present Majesty: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for applying the said Sum of £. 1,500, or so much thereof as to the House shall seem meet, for the Purpose of completing the several Works directed to be done by the said Act of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

- And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Rector, Church-wardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Mary White-. chapel, in the County of Middlesex, is referred; And they are to examine the Matters of these Petitions; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition offevoral principal Cornfadors, on Behalf of ihemselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by the Operation of the Ad, made in the last Session of Parliament, respecting the Importation of foreign Corn and Grain, it is in no Respect likely that the Ports of London, Eff'cx, and Kent, can or will be opened, for a confulerable Length of Time, for the Importation of any Kind of foreign Corn or Grain j and that there are now remaining in Granaries in the Port of London, under the King's Locks, about 'Fen thousand Quarters of Oafs, Five thousand Quarters of Wheat, and Five thousand Quarters of Peas, that were imported in Consequence of former Acts made respecting the Importation of Foreign Corn and Grain, which are daily decrca^ng in Quality and Value, and the Charges increasing, to that in all Likelihood, unless released by the House, the whole Value and Property of the said Corn will be loll to the Proprietors, before the Port will be opened for the Importation of Corn under the Terms of the last Act made for Importation of Foreign Coi n: And therefore praying, (that as the Quantity of Corn above-mentioned isnot focon-

liderabl*

Whi'echapet S iief is.

Foreign

Corn.

6 94 7° FebruarA. 1782.

frderable as to influence the Corn Market) That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to enter the said several Quantities of Foreign Corn, now remaining under the King's Locks, for Home Con-fnmptiou, at the Low Duties, or as the House shall direct.

Ordered, That the said Petition' be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and repo. t the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the Hftufe:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Elzves, &c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Jiine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Spitalfieliuto A Petition of feveraf Owners of Estatesin. Lands Bishopsgate and Houses in or near the Parish of Christ Church, in Stmt. (ht. County of Middlesex, and of feverat of the principal Inhabitants, Merchants, and Manufacturers, within the same Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was made in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, stating, fhat it would be of great public Benefit to haveaPassage commodious for Carriages from Street,

Hear SpilalFields Church, in the Parish of Christ Chtrrch, dhd County of Middlesex, into BjhopJ'gate Street, and that the Sum of £. 9,000, out of the Surpluses of the Orphan's Fund in Ixmdo should be applied towards making the said Passage; and therefore the said Act ' directed, that the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of London shotild every Year, at the Times in the said Act mentioned, pay to John Spiller and John Baker, Junior, of the said Parish of Christ Church, Esquires, or* the Survivor of them, or the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor, an Annuity or Yearly Sum of Money, amounting to 405 in the Whole, and for securing the Payment of the said Annuities, the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens were directed to make and execute, under the Common Seal of the said City, and deliver to the said John Spiller and John Baker, Junior, Ninety Bonds for securing £. 100 upon each Bond, with Condition for paying an Annuity after the Rate of £. 4. io$. per Annum, redeemable as the said Act allows, in such Manner as is in the said Act expressed; and that soon after the passing of the said Act, the said John Spiller and John Baker, Junior, did, by virtue thereof, become possessed of the Bonds for securing the said Annuities, which li3ve been regularly paid to them, and which they have, from Time to Time, deposited in the Bank of England, to be applied for the Purposes above-mentioned; and that the Petitioners conceive it expedient for public Convenience, that the said Carriage Way, or Opening, should be tnade and paved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, and — to apply the said Money in the Hands of the said John

Spiller and John Baker, Junior, towards defraying the Expences of the find Works.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bt/ng, Mr. Fox, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Twnt and Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Mersey and Traders, of the several Counties of Stafford, Derby,

Navigation. Leicester, Nottingham, Lincoln, and York, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Reciting an Act, made in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of King William the Third; and Setting forth, That since the passing of the said Act, the River Trent has at all Times been used and en joyed as a Free Navigation, but has never in any Manner

been amended or improved, and it frill remains in its natural and original State; and that by virtue of air Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, a Navigable Cut or Canal has been made from the said River; at or near Wilden , in the County of Derby to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn Gap, in the County of ChefiCr; and by virtue of another Act, pafl*ed in the same Year, another Navigable Cut or Canal has been made from the River Severn, between Betvdley and Tilton Brook, in the County of to Hayzvood, in the County of Stafford, and there joins lire said Canal from the Trent to the Mersey; by which said Canals Commercial Intercourses have been opened between t he Porte of Bristol, Liverpool, and Hull, and the great Trading Towns and other interior Parts of the Kingdom; but the Communication with the Port of Hull is still defective amd incomplete, and the Utility of the several Canals above-mentioned greatly abridged, by the imperfoft State of the River Trent from Wilden Fern/ aforesaid to Gainsborough, which in dry Seasons is, in mamy Places, so very lhaHow, tfoit the Navigation is frequently wholly obstrnfted, ana in many others is incapable offtrrrying Vessels with heavier Burthensthau *

Eight or Ten Tons, from whence great Injuries and Disappointments have arisen to Merchants, Manufac tnrers, and Traders, and the Public in general; and that by Surveys lately made, it appears that, by improving the Channel of the said River, and by making Cuts, and other Works, the find River may be rendered navigable at all Seasons of the Year for Vessels with heavy Burthens, whereby more regular, safe, and expeditions Intercourses will be opened between t lie said Ports, Towns, and Places above-mentioned, the Carriage and Conveyance of Goods become less expensive, and many great and permanent Advantages derive to the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Improving the Navigation of the River Trent, from its Jutiftion with the said Canal at or near Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, by Cuts and ether Works, in such Manner, and with such Powers and Provisions for rendering the same efe feftnal, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George , Mr.

Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. A

A Petition of Brmcnlow Bate, Esquire, one of the Lords of the Manor of Boiljtonc, in the County of iedol# Derby, and of the Reverend Carter Fletcher, Clerk,

Rector of the Parish of Boiljlone aforesaid, and also of the several Freeholders, or Persons seised of Freehold Estates lyingwithin the Manor and Parish of BoHJtone aforesaid, and others. Proprietors of, or Persons entitled to Common of Pasture upon (be several Commons and M ade Grounds within the said Manor and Parish. of Boi/stone, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, fer veral Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, containing in the Whole, by Ellimation, 500 Acres, or thereabouts; and that it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and the several other Persons having Right of Common upon the said Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Paits thereof assigned to each Proprietor, in Proportion to their reflective Rights and Interests

therein*

Googlffi

ndbright

<tY\OU.

wcastle ?r Lyme k>sure» .

'rent and Mersey iavi&atiOfl.

22 Geo. III. 7* Februarii. 6gc

therein, to be held and enjoyed by' them in Severalty for ever: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendijhand Mr. Curzon do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the Return for the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgessesof the Borough of Newcastle under , in the County of Stafford, under their Common Seal, and of the Freeholders and other principal Inhabitants of the Borough and Parish of Nexocajtle under Lyme aforesaid, whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, within the said Borough, a certain Piece of Walie Land called The Marsh, containing about 23 Statute Acres (exclusive of the public Roads and Highways over the fame) on which the Freeholders, Owners, and Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements within the said Borough, have Right of Common, and the Soil thereof belongs to the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgestes, as Lords of the Manor; and that the said Piece of Waste Ground is at present in a very ruinous State, and of little Value to the Persons interested therein, by reason of the great Spoil and Waste done, and the Heaps of Rubbish, Refuse, and other Nuisances laid upon the fame, and is, by Means thereof, become very obnoxious to the said Inhabitants and the Public; and that if the said Nuisances were removed, and the said Piece of Waste Ground was inclosed and leased out for Terms of Years, and the Profits arising thereby applied in Aid of the Poors Rates of the said Borough, which are now very burthensome, it would be of great Advantage to all the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for removing the Nuisances on the said Piece of Waste Ground, and for inclosing and leafing out the fame, and applying the Rents and Profits from thence arising, in Aid of the Poors Rates of the said Borough, in such Manner, and with such Powers and Provisions, as to the House shall feetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Trentham, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning, next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were authorized to make a Navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near Wilden Feriy, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn Gap; and that by another A£1, made in the Lighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, certain Persons were authorized to make and maintain a Navigable Cut or Canal from the City of Coventry, to communicate with the Canal authorized to be made by the Petitioners on Fradley Death, in the County of Stafford, and were thereby united into One Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of " The Company of Proprietors of the " ventryCanal Navigation;" and that by another Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present

V*.. 38.

Majesty, certain other Persons were authorized to make and maintain a Navigable Cut or Canal from the said Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford, and were thereby united into One Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of " The Company of Proprietors " of the Oxford Canal Navigation and that the Petitioners have, by virtue of the said Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, and Two subsequent Acts, completed the whole of the said Navigable Canal from the Trent to the Mersey, which is in Length near

90 Miles, and have expended the whole of the Money which they were impowered to raise; and the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal, have made

and completed of their Undertaking, from the Coventry Canal to Banbury in the County of Oxford, being about 52 Miles; and that the Petitioners, in a very early Stage of their Works, varied the Line and Course of their said Navigation, and expended in such Alteration a very considerable Sum of Money beyond their original Design, in order to facilitate the Junction proposed and stipulated to be made between the said Two Navigations, and accommodate the general Line of Inland Navigation between the River Mersey and the great trading Towns in the County of Lancaster, and the City of Oxford; and that the Company of Proprietors of the said Coventry Canal, have only completed of their Navigation as far as from Coventry to Atherfione, being about 14 Miles, and the Remainder thereof re-, mains unexecuted, and has for several Years been entirely neglected; and that by the Neglect of the said Coventry Canal Company, the extraordinary Works made by the Petitioners, and the Sums expended by them with a View to facilitate such Junction as aforesaid, and preserve a Line of Communication between all the said Navigations, are loft, and rendered useless to the Public; and the Commercial Intercourses intended to be opened by the said several Inland Navigations, are prevented and obstructed, to the great Injury of Trade and Commerce, and the Proprietors of all the said Inland Navigations; and that the Petitioners have frequently applied to the Company of Proprietors of the said Coventry Canal, to carry the Powers of the said Act of the Eighth Year of His said Majesty into Execution, and to complete and perform their several Undertakings as aforesaid; but such Applications have been hitherto ineffectual: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to require the Company of Proprietors of the Coventry Canal Navigation to complete the Remainder of their Undertaking, with proper Powers, Provisoes, Penalties, and Forfeitures, therein to be inserted for that Purpose, or such other Powers granted for effecting the Ends and Purposes aforesaid, and such Relief given in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Gilbert, the Lord Trentham, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning ^next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of James Dutton, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Eajtington, otherwise Efington, otherwise North-leche Forreigne, in the Parish oiNorthleche, in the County of Gloucester, the Right honourable Charles,

commonly called Charles Earl of Surrey, principal Owners and Proprietors of Lands there, on Behalf of thera-selves and other the Proprietors of Lands in the same Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Manors several Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Downs, and Commonable Places, which contain about 2,540 Acres; and that the different Properties lie very much intermixed,

8 P and

Eastiagtoa

Inclosure.

696 7 FebruaA. 178

and in their present State are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it will be very advantageous to the several Proprietors to have the said Lands divided/exchanged, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Rules and Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Guise and Sir William Codri?igtony do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Porcelain A Petition of Richard Champion, of Henbury, in the Manufc&ory County of Gloucester, Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act passed in the Year 1775, extending the Term of a Patent for the exclusive Privilege of manufacturing a true Porcelain, which the Petitioner has carried into Execution at great Pains and Expence; and that the same might be rendered of dill greater National Use, many Persons being disposed to engage in it, should an Act of Parliament pass of a similar Nature to that for establishing the Plate Glass Company: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that Purpose, in such £l Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

] The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the

*eDairin7of City of London attended at the Door; they were called ewgate. anf]> at t[re J3ar? presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That the Gaol of 'Newgate having been in great Measure burnt and deraolittiedduripg the Riotsand Insurrections in the Month o{June 1780, the Petitioners found themselves under a Necessity of applying to the House in the last Session, for the Assistance of Parliament towards repairing and rebuilding the fame, and the Sum of £. 10,000 was granted to the Petitioners for that Purpose; and that the said Gaol being under the immediate Care and Direction of the Petitioners, they have proceeded with all possible Dispatch to lay out the Money so granted, in fitting up and providing different Apartments for the Reception of Prisoners, whereby the middle Quadrangle, with the Chapel and Lodge, are finished, a spacious Infirmary built, the Cells for condemned Prisoners repaired, the Press Yard paved, and the Passage to convey the Prisoners to the Settions-House is nearly completed; and that in the Prosecution of this Business, the Petitioners have expended the Sum Of £. 10,103. 18s. 5d. (including the Sum of ‘£.526. 15^. $d. paid for Fees and Disbursements) betides which, the Sum of£. 2,194. is. ^d. is due for Works already executed, making together £.12,397. 19^9^.; and that by an Estimate delivered to the Petitioners, of the Works remaining to be executed, it appears that the further Sum of £. 19,000. is. id. will be required, which being added to the said Sum of £.12,397. 9*^* makes in the Whole (exclusive of farther incidental Charges) the Sum of £. 31,398. os. 10}jd. and for which there is no Provision, excepting the before-mentioned Grant of £. 10,000: and that the said Gaol is not only the Gaol for the City of London and County of Middlesex, but is in reality the Gaol of the whole Kingdom, in respect to Smugglers, State Prisoners, Pirates, and Debtors to the Crown; and that the speedy Completion of the Works remaining to be done, is necessary for the Safety and Convenience of the Public; and the Petitioners have no Fund applicable to that Service: And therefore praying the House to give them such further Aid and Assistance as to the House flxall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Ord (according to Order) reported From the importation Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for of Itahau further continuing an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of fine Organzined Italian Thrown Silk in any Ships or Vessels, for a Time to be limited, was committed; the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingossed.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the whale Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Fisherj, granting an additional Bounty on Ships employed in the Greenland and Whale Fishery, for a Time to be limited, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrotted.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Burton upon thereunto subscribed, Lettees of the Navigation of the TrCp^w* River Trent, under the Right honourable Henri) Lord ing Paget, from a certain Place called Wilden ‘Ferry, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby, or one of them, to the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read. Setting forth,

That the said Navigation is much impeded, many Delays and Disappointments in Trade are occasioned, and great Expences incurred, for Want of Towing Paths along the Sides of the said Ri ver, in order to hale and draw with Horses the several Boats, Barges, and Vessels navigating the said River: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making such Towing Paths along the Banks of the said River, from the Town of Burton upon Trent aforesaid to the said Place called Wilden Ferry, and from thence to a certain other Part of the said River, commonly 1

known by the Name of The Derwent Mouth, where the

River Derwent falls into the said River Trent, as will be sufficient for the Use of one or more Horse or Horses, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Cavendish, Mr.

Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of George Bishop, Proprietor of the Maid- Maidstone stone Geneva Manufactory, was presented to the House, Geneva and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, by many Manufactory. Years Residence in Holland, and great Attention to the Method of making Spirits there, which are known by the Name of Geneva, made himself Mailer of the Art and Mystery of preparing the fame; and that the Spirit so manufactured in the United Provinces, was always allowed to be far superior in Quality to the same Kind of Spirit made in any other Country, until the

Petitioner,

Portman

Square

provement.

n Geo. III. 7* Februari 697

Petitioner, after repeated Experiments, and a very great Expence in providing and construCiing the necessary Buildings and Implements, established his said Manufactory at Maidjhme, where he has, till lately, made

Spirits fully equal in Flavour, Strength, and Purity, to the belt made in foreign Countries, inso much, that it is very difficult if not impossible to distinguish the same from the belt Holland's Geneva; and that in order to make the Spirit he manufactures, the Nature of his Process requires a much larger Proportion of Wash to a given Quantity of Geneva, than by a lately made Law is permitted, for which Reason the Petitioner applied to the House in the haft Session of Parliament, to be exempted from the Provision of an Act, intituled,

" An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in Great and for granting

" certain Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts in lieu " thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the " Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under " the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, " and for preventing Frauds therein; for the more " punctual and ready Payment of the Allowances to " be made to Brewers out of the additional Duties " imposed on Malt; and for rectifying a Mistake in " an Act made in this present Session of Parliament,

" with respect to the exempting of Candles from the " additional Duty of Five Pounds per Centum upon the " Duties of Excise, imposed by the said Act;" and that the Petitioner not succeeding in his Application, and being most grievously injured in his Property, and embarrassed in his Trade by the Provisions of the said Act, hath everfinre used his utmost Skill and Diligence to discover fume Mode of Working, by which he might make Spirits as good as those he used to do, conformably to the Provisions and Restrictions of the said Act, but without Success; and that the Petitioner hopes, if some Relief was to be granted him, respecting the Method of charging and collecting the Excise Duty on the Spirit he manufactures, he might be enabled to carry on his Trade as well as he did before the patfing of the said Act, by which the Revenue would be very materially benefited, and the smuggling of Holland's Geneva into this Country, in some Degree prevented: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant him such Relief as the singular Hardship of his same may be found to merit, and as to the House shall seem meet and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Proprietors of Houses in Portman Square, in the Parish of Saint Mary le in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House,

and read; Setting forth, That the said Square hath lately been new paved, and a considerable Part thereof inclosed with Iron Rails, in order to be laid out as a Garden or Pleasure Ground, for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Square, but no Improvement hath yet been made to the Ground inclosed; and that there is not at present any Fund for defraying the Expence already incurred on account of making the said Inclosure, or for watering-the said Square, and the same is subject to Nuisances and Annoyances of various Kinds; and representing to the House, that if the Ground inclosed as aforesaid, was laid out with proper Walks* and otherwise embellished, to be used as a Garden or Pleasure Ground, and if proper Powers were given for watering, iweeping, and cleansing the said Square, by a Rate to be laid for those Purposes, and if Provision was made for effectually preventing all Nuisances and Annoyances therein, it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Square: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for elFecting the several Purposes before-mentioned, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

VOL. 38.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Grtville, Mr. Marjkam, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Filmer Hotieijicoodreported from the Committee, Faversham,

to whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed to &c.Road. put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending and widening the Road " leading from The High Post Road near the Town of " Faversham, by Bacon's Water, through Ashford, to " the Town and Port of Hythe, in the County of Kent,

" and from Bacon's Water to a certain Lane called " Holy Laneym Wincheap, near the City of Canterbury," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th o f April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the‘Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's 1 able: Where the same wras read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Richard Wachers said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof; which cannot be repaid, and the Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from The High Pojt Road near the Town of FaverJJiam, by Bacon's Water, through Ashford, to the Town and Port of Hythe, in the County of Kent, and from Bacon's Water to a certain Lane called Holy Lane, in Wincheap, near the City of Canterbury: And that Mr. Filmer Honywood and Mr.

Marsham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Dundas have Leave to Leave of go into the Country for Six Weeks, on hi^ private Absence. Affairs.

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and Vestry- Hanover men of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, Square in the City and Liberty of Westminst and County of PavinB* Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That by several Acts of Parliament,

Powers are jointly veiled in Commissioners and Parochial Committees, for the Purpose of paving, cleansing, and lighting the several Streets, Squares, and Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster; and that in pursuance of the said Acts, the greatest Part of the said Parish hath been paved, and a Debt off. 40,000 and upwards has been contracted, and charged on the Petitioners and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and representing to the House, that the Interference of the said Commissioners in paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the said Parish, and keeping the same in Repair, is now become altogether unnecessary; and the Petitioners are put to a needless Expence in the Payment of their Proportion of Salaries to Officers appointed by the said Commissioners, and the Issues and Payments of Money are very much embarrassed by such Interference; and that if the foie Direction and Management of paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Parish, tyas vested in the Petitioners, the same would be

conducted

698 7° Februarii. . 1782.

conducted in a more advantageous Manner, and at a much less Expence to the Parish: And therefore praying, That the Power of paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places within the said Parish (except Berkeley Square and Grosvenor Square, which are directed to be paved by particular Acts of Parliament, and also such Part of Piecadilly as is now singly under the Direction of the Commissioners) may be taken from the Commissioners appointed by the several Acts aforesaid, and vetted in the Petitioners, under such Regulations as to the House thall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fox, Mr. &c.: And

they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

St. John'*, A Petition of the Owners of Estates and Houses, and &c. of the Inhabitants in those Parts of the Parish of Saint Wpavin"^Cr John the Evangelist, in the City of Westminster, which are

raring. excluded from the Provisions and Benefit of the several Acts for paving and regulating the City of and of several Owners of Estates and Inhabitants in certain Part of the Parish Westminster,

lying intermixed with, or contiguous to, the said Parish of Saint John, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to amend and render more elsedual several Acts made relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and that in the said Act is contained a Clause, declaring that, for the several Purposes of that Ad, the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelistlhall, in all Respects, be considered as One Parish only, and also a Clause declaring, that as there are several Streets and Places within the said United Parishes of Saint Margaret and John the Evangelic, where the Inhabitants are not of Ability to raise Money sufficient to defray the Expence of new paving or repairing, cleansing, and lighting such Streets and Places under the Regulations of that Ad;, it should not be lawful for the Paving Commissioners to order an}' of the Streets or Places within the said United Parishes to be new«£aved or repaired, cleansed, or lighted, except the several Streets and Places thereinafter mentioned; with a Proviso, that whenever the Commissioners should be of Opinion that the Streets and Places so left out of the said Acts, should be so advanced in Rent that the Inhabitants should be of Ability to contribute to the paving, the same should be subject to be paved, cleansed, and lighted under the Ad; and that the Streets, Lanes, and Places so excluded from the Provisions of the said Act, are so far from being advanced in Rent and Value, that, ever since the passing of that Ad, the Houses therein have been going to Decay, and are in a great many Places too ruinous to be inhabited; and that the Pavement in such Streets, Lanes, and Places, is in so bad a State as to be extremely dangerous for the Passage of Carriages and Foot Passengers, and, for Want of proper Levels and Drains, the same cannot be effectually cleansed, and they are very insufficiently lighted in general, and in many Parts not at all, and excessively annoyed by Nuisances and Obstructions; and that the Pavement of several of the Streets and Lanes above described is rendered much more ruinous than it would otherwise be, by Reason of the great Number of heavy Carriages parting through the same during the Sitting of Parliament, which at that Time are not permitted to go the direct and usual Way to the Wharfs and Manufactories situated beyond Old Palace Yard-, and that if J5

Powers were given to amend and repair the Pavement of, and ereffc Lamps within, the Streets, Lanes, Ways,

Passages, and other Places excluded from the Provisions of the General Paving Acts, in the bed Manner the present Circumstances of the Inhabitants will admit, and to removeNuifances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therefrom, and also to amend and keep in Repair the Highway or Road leading from the End of Market Street to the Westminster llospital, commonly called The Horse Ferry Road, and to prevent Nuisances and Annoyances in or near the fame, it would be a Means of railing the Value of Estates in the said Parts of the said Parishes, which, at present, for Want of the Benefit of paving, and other Advantages of Police enjoyed in every other Part of the Metropolis and its Environs, are not capable of Improvement, and in some Parts are in so miserable a State as not to be habitable, and would also be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of, and all Persons having Occasion to resort to, or pal's through, the said Parish of Saint John the Evangelist and Parts adjacent: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to M r. Fox, Mr. Byng, c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Lord and of many of the Freeholders H«lqr

of the Manor of Honley, in the Parish of bickiw.

in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, in Right of their Estates, are entitled to Right of Common upon the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manor, which contain, by Estimation, 1,500 Acres, or thereabouts; and that there are certain other Rights, or Claims, within the said Manor, which it will be for the mutual Benefit of all Persons interested therein to have abolirtied or settled by Authority of Parliament; and that the said several Commons and Waste Grounds, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement, but, if inclosed and cultivated, would not only be attended withconsiderable Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioners and all others having Right of Common thereon, but also of general Utility and Convenience to the Trade and Manufactory of Woollen Goods which is carried on in that Manor and Neighbourhood, and where inclosed Grounds are much wanted for accommodating the Manufacturers who reside within the same; and that although the Inclosure of the said several Commons and Waste Grounds, and the abolishing or settling of the said other Rights, or Claims, will be attended with such Benefit and Utility, yet several small Freeholders and Cottagers (whose Estates chiefly adjoin upon the same Commons and Waste Grounds, and who reap more than their proportionable Share of the Benefit of such Open Commons and Waste Grounds, or are otherwise unreasonable) refuse to consent to such Inclosure, and there are other Persons interested who are under Age, or otherwise incapable of consenting the reto: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for dividing, inclosing, and improving the said several Commons and Waste Grounds, and for abolishing or settling the said other Rights or Claims, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Lewisham and Sir George Savile do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

Mr.

'll Geo. III. 70 Februarii.

ccoant of Kir. K'enrich presented tr> the House, pursuant to their

Orders,

r mures ^\ccoun(. nf the Ordnance Debentures issued and

outstanding before the lit of February 1782: And also,

cconntof An Account of the Quantity of Salt Petre delivered al* Petre. by the Fuji India Company to the Board of Ordnance, from the iftof January 177010 the id of January 1782, distinguishing each Year; likewise dating the different- Times of Delivery, the different Prices at which it was fold, and the different Times of Payment, and the Funds out of which such Payment have been made, and how the Account between the Board and the East India Company now stunds with respect to that Article.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amonglithe other Papers of this Session.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Crewe have Leave to go into the

Absence. Country for a Month, on his private Affairs.

9apply. Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One Million Four hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a " further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer " Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one," and charged upon the First Aids to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

lle/olved. That it is the Opinion of this. Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be advanced to the Governor and Company of the Merchants of trading

into The Ixvant Seas, to lie applied in assisting the said Company in carrying on their Trade.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Sf.jamts'* A Pet ition of the Committee appointed for paving, Veftininlier cleansing, and lighting the several Streets, Lanes, and Paving, other Places, within the Parish of Saint James, in the City and Liberty of Wcj, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth. That by an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend and render more effectual several Acts relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, the Petitioners were empowered to borrow Money at Interest upon the Security therein mentioned, and Provision was made foreliablishing a Fund towards paying off the Principal Money so to be borrowed; and it is by the said Act directed, that when such Fund should amount to the Sum of £. 5°o, on One-eighth Part of the whole Principal Money to be borrowed as aforesaid, the same ftipuld be applied towards discharging such Principal Money, and that no Preference should be given to any Perl'on in the Payment thereof; and that the Petitioners have borrowed Money of divers Persons to a considerable Amount, and since the borrowing thereof the Fund so to be established as aforesaid hath accumulated to a large Sum, which the Petitioners are desirous should be applied towards discharging the Principal Money bor-Vol. 38.

rowed; and that, as all the Creditors under the said Act are, by reason of the Restrictions therein contained, to be paid off in equal Proportions, the applying any Part of the said Fund for that Purpose, until the same should amount to the w hole Sum borrowed, will be attended with very great Difficulty and Inconvenience: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for varying the Mode, directed by the said Act, of applying the Money which shall from Time to Time constitute the said Fund, tow'ards discharging the Principal Money so borrowed as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Archibald Edmonstone, Sir George Howard, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power tolend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Enquiry to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, re, P^jr? to enquire into the Causes of the Want of Success of Nav 13 His Majesty's Naval Forces during this War, and more particularly in the Year 1781, he now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the several Papers, which were presented to the House by the Lord upon the

4th and 5th Days of this Instant February and Yesterday, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Ex (raft of a Letter from Lord \ ifeount Stormont, one of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to the Lord Lieutenant of dated the iftof September 1781, Two o'Clock P. M. be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hopkins took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Petition of William Phillips, Esquire, Lord of the Blew berry

Manor of Blaeberry, and the Right honourable Lord Inslofure.

Craven, Lord of the Manor of Upthorp, in the said Parish of dewberry, in the County of Berks, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscjdbed. on Behalf of themselves and of the several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the Open and Common Fields, Common; Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of and

Aston Upthorp aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others in the said Fields, Pastures,

Meadows, Lands, and Grounds, lie intermixed, and dispersed in final 1 Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be very advantageous to the several Persons entitled thereto, if the said Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Lands, and Grouuds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors thereof, in Lieu of, and in Proportion to, their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Pastures, Meadows,

Lands, and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Elwesand Mr. Hartley do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

A Petition of Sir James Lowther, Baronet, Lord of sieaoiil the Manor of Sleagill, in Behalf of himself and other Indofur*. Owners and Proprietors, and Persons interested in divers

8 Q Lands,

700 7° — J i° Februarii. A. 1782.

l-juuls, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Manor of Sleag ill, in the Parish of in the

Comity of Westmordand, and, in respect thereof, en-

titled to Right of Common upon certain Commons or Waste Grounds within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was made in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for dividing and inclosing the Open Wattes and Commons lying in the Manor of in the County of Wtjlmor eland-, and that no Meetings have been held, nor any Proceedings had, to put the said Act into Execution, nor has any Division or Inclosure taken Place in consequence thereof; and that the Petitioner, in Behalf of himself and the other Proprietors, is desirous that the faitl Act should be repealed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it ilia.Il appear to them, to the I louse:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, Merchants, Manufacturers, Dealers, Tradesmen, and others, refuting within the Manors of Stepney and , in

the County of Middlesex, the Hamlets and Liberties of the fame, and of the Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was made in the Twenty-fu ll Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for diminishing the Fees payable, and altering the Mode of Proceeding, in the Court of Recurd within the said Manors and Liberties; and that ever fmee the passing of the said Act, the Powers thereby granted, and the Regulations therein established, have been found very beneficial to the Inhabitants within the said Jurisdiction; but Experience hath shewn, that the said Act is, in some Respects, defective; and that in order fully to answer the Intentions of the Legislature in pa (Ting the fame, to promote useful and neceflhry Credit, to facilitate the Recovery of fair and jail Demands, and to obviate the Evalions and Contrivances of fraudulent Debtors, some further and other Powers are neccllai y; and that the great Ease and Expedition with which Debts are recovered in the fartd Court of Record, and the comfortable and humane Means pre-fqribed by the said Act, for allowing a Debtor to discharge his Obligation to his Creditor, have been productive of the moll useful Efforts, both to the trading and the poorer Inhabitants within its Jurisdiction, and induce tho Petit ioners to request some Extension of the Sum that may be recovered on an Action in the said Court of Record; and that Doubts have ariseu concerning the actual Extent of the Jurisdiction of the said Court, which it is necessary lhonld be ascertained, for the Ease and Convenience both of the Inhabitants and of the Persons acting as Judges, and serving as Jurymen, in tie Trial of Actions and Suits therein; and that it is expedient that certain Parts adjoining to the known Jurisdiction of the Court, which are conceived to be within its Liberties, should, for the Purposes of the said Act, be declared to be within the Jurisdiction thereof: And therefore praying the House to take the PremilU into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, or that such other Relief may be granted to the Pltitioners, as may be found requisite and necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Byng, Mr. &c. .-

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and hare Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Wardens, Preceptor or Mailer, of the Scholars and poor People of the Almshouse or Hof- kdfe. pital of Je/us, in Guijbume, otherwise Guijbrough, in Cleveland, in the County of York, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunder subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Township of Bolam, in the Parish of Gainford, in the County of certain Open

Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, containing 800 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands of the several Proprietors in the said Fields and Grounds lie intermixed, and difpeiled in small Parcels, and are in general so inconveniently situated, as to render the Cultivation thereof difficult and expensive, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of much Improvement; and that it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the several Proprietors, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Persons interested therein, in proportion to their respective Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the said Township of Bolam, in such Manner and Form as to the Hohl'e shall feera . meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Billpur-suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. yohnston and Mr. Charles Dundas do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna?, n° die Fe

Anno 22* Georgii IIIui Regis, 1782.

Phavers.

/y R D E11 E D, That Sir Roger Mojlyn have Leave . to go into the Country for Six Weeks, on his pri- AWaict' vate AlFairs.

Mr. Richard Hill presented to the House, according Wto'i to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term of a Patent granted to Anne Wharavi, for making a certain Sort of tirni?‘ Spring Stirrup: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Be/ulved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Bucking* tire Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wre. the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough and Parish of Buckingham, in the County of Buckingham, in the room of Richard Ald-worth Neville, Esquire, w ho, since his Election for the said Borough and Pariftt, hath been appointed to, and accepted of, the Office of Agent to the Regiment of Militia of the County of Buckingham.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, whose Names Birmingbi are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors or Owners of Mines in tire Liberty of Biljion, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parillres of Tipton, otlrenvife Tibbington, Wednesfury, and Weji bromvich,\nt\\tCQunty of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill toenablethe Proprietors of tire Birmingham Canal Navigation to make and maintain au

Extension

2a Geo. III. r i° Febrit jot:

Extension of Canal from the Parish of Westbromwich toi Broad Water Fire Engine, and to make Six collateral Cuts from the same, to lead to several Coal Mines; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are possessed of valuable and extensive Mint's of Coal in the said Parishes,. being the same Mines with which the said Birmingham I

% 7

Canal is intended to communicate; and, in order ta eifeft such Communication, it will be necessary to loctc; down through the Lands of the Petitioners from the; laid Birmingham Canal, Forty-six Feet and upwards; and that the Water in the said Birmingham Canal, and its Refouroes, is not fnfiieient to navigate Vefl'eJs at certain Sealons with Loads of more than Twelve or Fourteen Ton, whereas, by aClause in the Act for making and maintaining the said Birmingham Canal, no Vessel is to pass the Locks upon the said Canal, with less than Twenty Ton on Board; and that as the Locks necessary to efi'eft a Communication between the Petitioners-Coal Mines and the said Birmingham Canal, will render a further Supply of Water necessary, the Petitioners apprehend that, instead of the Public in general, and them-lielves in particular, being benefited by such Extension' of Canal, they will be materially injured, because they conceive it will not be possible to supply the said Locksi with Water fnfiieient to effect a certain Navigation' between the Petitioners Mines and the 1

Canal, and because it is in agitation to make a navigable: CntorCanal from the Petitioners Coul Mines, and divers1 other valuable and extensive Mines of Coal in the said Parishes of Wolverhampton, Tipton other w ife Tibbingtdn, Wednesbury, and WejHmnnivich, through the Parish of

Handjworth, to Birmingham, upon a lower Level than'

the Birmingham Canal, and from the Neighbourhood of

Birminghamto Faze ley, there to join the C Canal

(intended to be completed between and the

Canal from the Trent to the Mersey) by which Means great Advantages will arise to the Public in general, and1 the Petitioners in particular, by opening a certain Communication by Water, not only between the Petitioners Coal Mines and the Town of , but also the

upper Parts of Wariciclshire and and the

Towns of Liverpool, Gahjborough, and Hull-, whereas, if the Bill for extending the said Birmingham Canal should pass into a Law, the general and extensive Communication before mentioned cannot take Place, as the Line pointed out for extending the Birmingham Canal, and the Water necessary to betaken towards supply ing the fame, will also be necessary to be observed and taken for making and maintaining the said intended Navigable Canal from the Petitioners Mines to Birmingham, and from the Neighbourhood of Birmingham to and

that the Petitioners apprehend the Coal on their several Estates can never be brought to the Market of Birmingham by the Birmingham Canal, to enable the Petitioners to fell their Coal at the same Price with other Owners of Coal, nor is there the leafi Probability of Coal ever being conveyed by Water to the upper Parts of Wanvickjliireand Oxfordshire, if the Bill for extending

the said Birmingham Canal should pass into a Law, but the same imili be conveyed at a great Expence, as at present, by Land Carriage: And therefore praying. That the said Bill for extending the said Birmingham Canal may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard by Counsel against the said Bill.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and Manufacturers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham, in tire County of Warwick, was also prefenfect to the House,-

and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal from the Coal Mines in the Liberty of in

the Parish o S Wolverhampton, and in the several Parishes

of Sedgela;, Tipton otherwise Wednesbury,

and Westbromwich, to or near Birmingham, and from the

Vol. 38.

Neighbourhood of Birmingham tocommunicatewith the Coventry Canal Navigation (intended to be completed between Alherstone ami the Canal. From the to the Aierjby)at or. near Faxetn/, in the Parish of Drayton Buffet, in the County of Stafford -, and that, 'in case Leave fiioUid be given to bring in the Bill mentioned in thC: said, Petition, and the same fit011 Id pass into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend that great Advantages would arise to the Public in general, and particularly to the Town of Birmingham, as also the upper Parts of Warwickshire and Oxfordshire, and the Towns ofGainjboroigh

and Hull, when the Coventry and Canals that! be

completed (which the Petitioners are informed Is foort intended to be done) by opening a free and expeditious Commerce by Water between the several Places before mentioned for the Carriage of Coal, Ironlkme, Liute-' Hone, Nails, and other.heavy Goods, Wares, and Merchandize; and that the PftitiCners apprehend, that in< case the Bill for extending-the said Birmingham Canal; Navigation, and for making the said collateral Cuts from1-the fame, to communicate with the said;Minesj YhoiikiL pass into, a Law, the general Comimibioatlon by Water hereinbefore mentioned will not be effected, because buth the said Under takings cannot take Place, usThe Lines pointed out for arid necefikry to be observed by each intended Canal and the collateral Branches tdaiereof;! respectilrcly, wiH occupy anti polfcfs one and the ftitae Tract of Land, Mines of Coal, and Water, necessary for the Navigation- thereof :in the Parjfii.es of Wednesitltky, Westbromwich, Sedgtky,\xvi Tip foil otherwise Tihhbfg/lnr^ aforefesd: And thtJfefore prayili&, That the said Bill for extending the said.Birmingham Canal Navigation, And for making collateral Cuts from t^e same into the said Mines, may not pass into a Law*-

And the said Petitions Were feversdly ordered to lie upon the Thble, until the;fiiid Bill be read a Second Time: And the first-mentioned Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsely against the said Bilb Upon their Petition, if tidy think fit.

Ordered, That Copnfel be admitted to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill lie read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the l jfli Day of this

Iustant February. . ....

Sir James Penriytnart reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names aTe thereunto fnbfctibed, being Trustees under an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled; " An Act for repairing and amending the Road leading from White Cross, in the Pari (It "of Leven in Holder ness, in the East' Riding of the " County of York, totbe Town o( Beverley, in the same " County," was referred;: That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee bird examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, ad it appeared to them, to the House; and be read the Report in his Place:. and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as fofloweth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Lockwood, being examined, said. That the said Act hath been regularly put in Execution, and a considerable Progress hath been made in amending the said Roads; in the doing of which, the Tolls, together with a large Sum of Money borrowed on tire Credit t hereof, have been duly expended — That the Money so Ixirrowed is still owing; and that the same cannot be paid off, and the Roads be completely amended and kept in Repair, (inlets t he Term and Powers of the said Act be continued and enlarged.

Ordered,

White Cross to Beverley Road.

Whitecrof* to Beverly Roads,

TivJ St. Giles, Drainage.

Schrooll'i

Nat.

Sixth Report of Commissionm of Public Accounts.

703 i i Februarii. . 1782.

Ordtredy That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Tor eularging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the First Year of the Heigh of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Road leading from Cross, in the Pardh'o( Leven in in the East

Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Beverley, in the same County: And that Sir James Penny man and Mr. Evelyn Andersondo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ehoes preftoted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for explaining an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of TUI Saint Giles and Neioton, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and in TidSaint Mary's, in the County of Lincoln, so far as the same relates to veiling certain Lands in the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mi '..Elwespresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Charles Frederick SchmoU: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

: < i.

The Holife being informed that Mr. Beachcroft and Mr. Drummond, Two of the Commissioners for

examining, taking, and dating the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, attended at the Door; they were called id; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

Ai Sixth Report- of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and date the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

And the said Report was also read.

The said Report is as followeth; viz.

1

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

The Sixth Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and date, the Public Accounts ' of the Kingdom.

In pursuance of the Directions of the Act by which we are appointed, our Attention has hitherto been engaged, principally, in marking the Delay, which affects the Public Money in its Passage, either from the Pocket of the Subject into the Exchequer, or from the Exchequer, back again into the Possession of the' Person who becomes entitled to it; but of dill greater Importance to the Public, is the Diminution, it fuffors in its Progress.

Intent upon the Object pointed out to 11s by the Ad as the First for our Consideration, namely, that the Public might avail themselves, as soon as possible, of the Balances in the Hands of Accountants, we have, in the Offices that have as yet come under our Examination, applied ourselves chiefly to the Investigation of these Balances, and reported upon them with as much Expedition as we were able; adding only such Suggestions of immediate Regulation as arofc out of the Subject, and occurred to us in the Course of that Investigation, but deferring, as a Matter separate and distinct, the Execution of that Part of the Act which directs us " to report an exact State of the Fees or Gratuities paid or given in collecting, issuing, expending, and accounting for, the Public Monies, and the Authority under which such Fees and Gratuities are " paid or received."

In the Course of our Examination into the Office of 81

the Paymaster General of the Forces, we observed, in the Account of the Payments made by him out of the Deductions of Twelve Pence in the Pound, and One Day's Pay, for the Year 1778, annexed to our lad Report N* 7, a Charge of "Thirty-two thousand Five £ jmi?: hundred and Fifty-seven Pounds Seven Shillings and Ten Pence paid for Fees at the Exchequer. So large a Sum of Fees paid by One Officer, to One Office, in One Year, demanded our Attention, and leu us to require, from this Office, the Sum Total of the Fee# paid at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, by the Paymaster General of the Forces, during the Year 1780; the Accounts of that Year being then under our Consideration.

iBy the Return made to that Requisition it appears, Apperaj that these Fees, in the Year 1780, amounted to Thirty- \*, nine thousand One hundred and Ninety-eight Pounds £.5;,4. Six Shillings and Ten Pence; and I hat they consistedof a Poundage on the Money issued.

As the Annual Supplies, laftYear, exceeded that of all former Years, and may increase, and all Poundage Fees on those Supplies will increase in proportion, we thought it incumbent upon us to proceed to an immediate Examination into the Article of Fees, and of the Principles upon which they are founded; to the Intent, that, should they be deemed a Subject worthy the Interpofttion of the Legislature, the Public may not remain without the Benefit of a speedy Remedy for a pressing and increasing Evil.

We have had under our Examination Two Offices of large Public Expenditure; the Pay Office of the Navy, and the Pay Office of the Army: To each of these we issued our Precepts for an exa-A State of the Salaries, Fees, and Gratuities, received by the respective Officers and Clerks in those Offices, from the 24th of December 1779 to the 25th of December 1780, with the Amount thereof received by each Officer and Clerk during the said Period.

To the several Branches of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, that is to say, to the Auditor, the Clerk of the Pells, the Tellers, the Chamberlains, the Usher, and the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills, we issued the like Precepts; and Returns were made to us from all these Offices.

We have thought it expedient, in the Course of this Inquiry, where the Office is not executed by the Principal Officer, but by his Deputy or First Clerk, to examine the latter only, as probably bell qualified to give us the Information we wanted; we have omitted likewise, as more minute than necessary, to examine those inferior Officers and Clerks, who receive small Salaries only, or inconsiderable Fees.

As our Account of the Emoluments of these Offices is taken in a Year of the moll expensive W'ar, we have required, and dated where we have been able to obtain it, the net Produce of each Office in Time of Peace.

At the Close of our Examination into each Office, we have Hated, and inserted in the Appendix, an Account of the Salaries, Allowances, Fees, and Gratuities, distinguished under their several Heads, and the Total Amount thereof received by each Officer and Clerk in that Office, with the Sums paid for Taxes and other Disbursements, and the net Produce to each Officer and Clerk during the Year 1780; and dist, as far as appeared to us, without entering into too long an Examination, to what Amount each Office is a Charge upon the Public, the Civil List, and Individuals; but we mud at the same Time remark, that most of the Sums for Fees and Gratuities dated by us as paid by Individuals, are ultimately paid by, and a Charge upon, either the Civil List or the Public; this latter Distinfction we have made, not considering the Interest of the Crown as separate from the Interest of the Public, but because the Savings, if such there llionld be, will in' the one same foil into the Fund appropriated for the

12 Geo. III.

11

0 Februarli.

7°3

Support of His Majesty's Civil Government, and in the other into the Sinking Fund.

We have distingniflied the Taxes paid by the Officers, that is, the Land Tax, and the One Shilling and Sixpenny Duties, from their other Disbursements; because the Charge of the Public in supporting these Offices is lessened by as much of these Taxes as get back again into the Exchequer; but not being able easily to discover what Diminution they suffer in their Progress, we have only dated the Amount of them, without deducting them from the Expence of the Public. r° 2. From the Return of the Pay Office of the Navy, and

f° g. from the Examinations of the Right Honourable

[° 4. Ellis, Treasurer of the Navy; Andrew , Esqu ire,

f° 5. his Paymaster; John Slade, Esquire, First Clerk in the 1° 6. Cashier's Branch; Adam Esquire, FirllClerk in ! 7. the Pay Branch; George , Esquire, Cashier;

8, Mr. John Fennell, Chief Clerk, and Mr. Robert,

Second Clerk in the Victualling Branch; we obtained the following Information relative to the Profits accruing to the Officers and Clerks in this Office.

The Business in the Pay Office of the Navy is trans-aCled by the Treasurer, the Paymaster, and Thirty-five Officers and Clerks, Nine of which are in the Cashier's Branch, Twenty in the Pay Branch, and Six in the Victualling Branch.

The Profits of these Officers coufift of Six Heads: — Salaries; Allowances for extra Service, and for telling Money at the Bank; Perquisites of odd Pence; for casting Defalcations; and for entering Probates and other Instruments.

The Treasurer and his Paymaster are paid by Salaries only, and have no other Fee or Gratuity whatever; the Officers and Clerks receive Salaries, and also the Allowances and Perquisites above mentioned.

The Treasurer is appointed by the Crown, and holds if. a,coo. his Office during Pleasure; he receives a Salary of Two thousand Pounds a Year, reduced, by the Payment of £ j,8jo. the One Shilling and Six-penny Duties, to Eighteen hundred and Fifty-Pounds: he appoints the Paymaster, and all the other Officers and Clerks in the Office.

£. 500. The Paymaster has a Salary of Five hundred Pounds

£ 46a, io. a Year, reduced by the same Duties to Four Hundred and Sixty-two Pounds Ten Shillings; he executes also the Offices of Cashier and Accountant, for which he receives no additional Salary or Emolument whatever.

The Salaries of the other Officers and Clerks are from Forty to Eighty Pounds a Year, according to their several Employments; besides which they have the Allowances and Perquisites following:

An Allowance for extra Service, which is made to those Clerks who attend the Payment of Wages and the Yards, and who complete, what are called the Full Books for Payment of the Ships and Yards; this Allowance is intended to defray their travellingExpences, and as a Recompence for their extra Trouble; the Rate at which it is paid is Seven Shillings a Day for the Number of Days in which each Clerk is so employed.

An Allowance for telling Money at the Bank is a Poundage, at the Rate of Five Shillings for every Thousand Pounds, allowed by the Navy Board to those Clerks who receive Money at the Bank for the Payment of the Ships and Yards; inConsequence of which Allowance, each Clerk is accountable for any Deficiency there may be either in the Weight or Tale of the Money he receives.

The odd Pence is a Perquisite to those Officers and Clerks who are employed in making Payments; those whole Business it is to pay Perfect Bills, the Navy Course, and Bills drawn by the Navy and Sick and 1 lurt Boards, pay the even Money only upon these Bills, and retain to themselves the odd Pence under a Shilling; those who are employed in the Payment of the Officers, Seamen, and Artificers in the Dock Yards, retain the odd Pence under Six Pence; ill Consideration ' VOL. .38.

of which they are all bound to make good any Mistakes they may make in their Payments.

The Perquisite for casting Defalcations is a Gratuity, nfually at the Rate of One Guinea by the hundred Pounds, paid by the Chaplains, Surgeons, and Pnrfers of the Navy, to the Officer who calls and Pays to them their several Shares of the Deductions made from the Seamen's Wages.

The Perquisite for entering Probates of Wills, Letters of Administration, and Warrants of Attorney, is a Fee of Two Shillings and Six Pence each Entry, paid to the Clerk in whose Department it lies to register these Instruments.

The Salaries and Allowances for extra Service, and for telling Money at the Bank, are paid, for the most Part, Quarterly, by Bills assigned by the Navy or Victualling Boards upon the Treasurer, out of Money received by him, either to pay Salaries, or from old Stores, or under some other Head of Service specified in the Assignments; and consequently all these are paid by the Public.

The Perquisites are either detained out of Sums due to particular Persons, or paid by those who apply to have their Business transa&ed at the Office; and therefore do not come out of the Public Purse, but from the Pockets of Individuals.

The Authority upon which the Receipt of the several Profits of this Office is grounded) is either an Order of the Privy Council, or Usage.

By an Order of the Privy Council, dated the 25th of May 1699, the Salary of the Treasurer of the Navy is settled at Two thousand Pounds a Year; that of his Paymaster, at Five hundred Pounds; that of his Accountant, at Four hundred Pounds; and the Salaries of '1 hirteen Clerks, Seven at Eighty Pounds each, and Six at Forty Pounds each; and in the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, voted by Parliament every Year, are inserted Allowances, to the Treasurer of the Navy Two thousand Pounds; to his Paymaster and Cashier Five hundred Pounds; to Twenty-two Clerks, Six of them Eighty Pounds, Nine Fifty Pounds, and Seven Forty Pounds each: But an Increase of the Business in this Office for these late Years, has rendered it necessary to increase the Clerks to the present Number, Thirty-five; and to every Increase the Consent of the Navy Board is necessary.

The Allowances and Perquisites are such as have been usually paid and taken by the Officers and Clerks in their several Departments, as far back as the Memory of the oldest Officers now employed in this Office reaches.

From the Account set forth in the Appendix it appears, that the Gross Amount of the Emoluments received in the Pay Office of the Navy was Eight thousand One hundred and Fifty PoundsTen Shillings and a Halfpenny; of which the Salaries, Allowances for extra Service, and for telling Money at the Bank, amounting to Six thousand Five hundred and Forty-five Pounds Four Shillings and Eight Pence, was paid by the Public; and the Residue, being One thousand Six hundred and Five Pounds Five Shillings ancf Four Pence Halfpenny, by Individuals; the Nett Receipt of this Office was Seven thousand Nine hundred Thirty-eight Pounds and a Halfpenny.

By the Return made to us from the Pay Office of the Army, and the Examinations of the Right Honourable Richard Rigby; Paymaster General of the Forces; Timothy Cajivali, Esquire, Deputy Paymaster; John,

Esquire, Cashier; Charles Bembridge, Esquire, Account-

ant; John Adam Frederick IIe//e, Esquire, Ledger Keeper; Thomas Bangham, Esquire, Computer of Off-

reckonings; Robert Randall, Esquire, Cashier of Half Pay; and Richard Molesworth, Esquire, Entering Clerk; we received the following Account of the Salaries paid to, and the Fees and Gratuities taken by, the Officers and Clerks in the Pay Office of the Army.

8 R This

Sixth Report of Coir, mi ill oners of Public Accounts.

N# 10.

£ 2,000.

£ 5°°* £.400.

£ 1,000. £ S00*

N* 11.

£. 8,150. 10. ef

£ 6,145- 4- £ 1,605. 5. +{.

£ 7,53*- °i-

N° 12. N° 13. N° 14.

N* 1

A'® 16. N° 17. N° 18. N° 10. N* 20.

7°4

n* Februarii.

A. 1782.

Jixfh Report of Commissioners of Tobdic Account!.

£. 3,oca

£ i,

£ 6co-

if - *,°9*-£. 96*. 19. 9.

£ «.7°7-

j«o. 7. t.

£ 7- s-

£{3,061. 1* 7-

£ 5°°-£ 4®*- 10-£ 9«>- IO-

£.100.

£ 190-

£ »7o. £ 6,715. «9- < £.;7,i7J. »9- *

*,ji», S30.

£ *,4*7- '*

£ 1,113. 16.

This Office consists of the Paymaster General, his Deputy, a Cashier, an Accountant, a Ledger Keeper, a Computer of Off-reckonings, a Cashier of HalfPay, and an Entering Clerk with Eight inferior Clerks, an Office Keeper, a House Keeper, and Two Messengers; and Nine Deputy Paymasters abroad.

The Paymaster General appoints his Deputies, and all the Officers and Clerks employed in his Office: They are all paid by Salaries or Allowances, Fees, and Gratuities.

The Paymaster General, his Deputy, the inferior Officers and Clerks, and Deputy Paymasters Abroad, have certain Salaries or Allowances only; the Six Officers who are next to the Deputy Paymaster receive Salaries, Fees, and Gratuities.

The Paymaster General, is appointed by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, during Pleasure; he receives Four Annual Allowances as Paymaster General of the Forces, and One as Treasurer of Chelsea Hospita): The Four are, Three thousand Pounds as the particular Salary belonging to his Office, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty Pounds for the Payment of Clerks, Six hundred Pounds for the contingent Expences of His Office, and Twenty Shillings a Day as one of the Staff upon the Establishment; the other Allowance is Twenty Shillings a Day as Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital. The Amount of these Allowances is Six thousand and Ninety-two Pounds: Out of which he paid for himself and Officers, in Taxes, Nine hundred Sixty-two Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Nine Pence; to Clerks, One thousand Seven hundred and Seven Pounds; and for the contingent Disbursements of his Office, Three hundred and Sixty Pounds Seven Shillings and Eight Pence; making together Three thousand and Thirty Pounds Seven Shillings and Five Pence, which reduced his clear Receipt to Three thousand and Sixty-one Pounds Twelve Shillings and Seven Pence.

The Deputy Paymaster has Two Salaries, of Five hundred Pounds a Year each; one reduced, by the One Shilling and Sixpenny Duties, to Four hundred Sixty two Pounds Ten Shillings, the other paid without Deduction; together, clear. Nine hundred Sixty-two Pounds Ten Shillings.

The Six following Officers are those who have Fees and Gratuities as well as Salaries.

The Cashier receives a Salary of Two hundred Pounds a Year, reduced by the One Shilling Duty to One hundred and Ninety Pounds, and au additional Annual Allowance of Two hundred and Seventy Pounds, paid to him without Deduction: His Fees and Gratuities amounted to Six thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Six Pence; which, with his Salaries, made his clear Receipt Seven thousand One hundred Seventy-five Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Six Pence; but as these Fees are not always paid at the Time the Business is done, this Sura, though received in the Year 1780, may include Fees that accrued in a preceding Year; it certainly does not include the Fees for all the Business done by him in that Year; the Remitters had not paid him their Fees upon the Warrants for the Remittances ifl'ued to them after the Month of February 1780; and it appears from an Account of those Remittances, extracted from the Account of the Extraordinary Services incurred by the Paymaster General of the Forces for the Year 1780, that the Sum ifl'ued to them between the iff of March and the 3 ill of December in that Year, was Two Million Three hundred and Twelve thousand Eight hundred and Thirty Pounds; the Fees upon which, being at the Rate of One Guinea by the Thousand Pounds, amount to Two thousand Four hundred Twenty-seven Pounds Twelve Shillings, and being divided equally between the Cashier and Accountant, would have added One thousand Two hundred and Thirteen Pounds Sixteen

Shillings to the Receipt of each, and would have in-

creased that of the Cashier to Eight thousand Three. *<

hundred Eighty-nine Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Six

Pence.

The Salary of the Accountant is One hundred and £ *5®-Fifty Pounds a Year, reduced by the One Shilling Duty to One hundred Forty-two Pounds Ten Shil- * ,0-lings: He received in Fees One thousand Three hun- £. 1,35*- % dred Fifty-eight Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Nine Pence; which, added to his Salary, makes his. clear Receipt to have been One thousand Five hundred and 7- *

One Pounds Seven Shillings and Nine Pence; had the Remitters paid all their Fees, it had been increased, by the Addition of One thousand Two hundred and Thir- £ *

teen Pounds Sixteen Shillings, to the Sum of Two thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen Pounds Three *>7«s 3- > Shillings and Nine Pence.

The Ledger Keeper's Salary is One hundred Pounds a Year, besides which he receives Annually Eighty Pounds from the Computer of Off-reckonings, and One hundred Pounds from the Cashier of Half Pay: £.

His Fees amounted to Three hundred Ninety-four £ 394- impounds Sixteen Shillings; making all together Six hun- £ *74- * dred Seventy-four Pounds Sixteen Shillings: He paid out of this Sum for Taxes Fifteen Pounds, to his Deputy Eighty Pounds, and to another Assistant Fifty Pounds; together. One hundred Forty-five Pounds, 4S. which reduced his Nett Receipt to Five hundred £-s*9- »* Twenty-nine Pounds Sixteen Shillings. The present Ledger Keeper has, by reason of his Age and Infirmities, executed his Office by Deputy ever since his Appointment in 1765.

The Computer of Off-reckonings has no other Sar lary but that of Eighty Pounds, which he pays to the Ledger Keeper; his Nett Profits arose from his Fees, which amounted to One thousand and Thirty-eight £ 1.03*- f 4 Pounds Five Shillings and Six Pence.

The Cashier *f Half Pay receives Eighty Pounds a Year Salary; the Total of his Fees was Six hundred £-6,7- s-and Seventeen Pounds Five Shillings; together. Six £-697- $ hundred Ninety-seven Pounds Five Shillings: Out of which he paid ior Taxes Fourteen Pounds, and to the Ledger Keeper One hundred Pounds; this reduced his clear Receipt to Five hundred Eighty-three Pounds £ s*J- s-Five Shillings.

Sixty Pounds is the Salary of the Entering Clerk, which, with One thousand Four hundred Forty-eight £-M48- *j- 4-Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Four Pence received by Fees, made his gross Receipt One thousand Five hun- £ 15- 4-

dred and Eight Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Four Pence; reduced, by Ten Pounds Ten Shillings paid for Taxes, to One thousand Four hundred Ninety- £. 1,49s. j. eight Pounds Five Shillings and Four Pence.

The other Clerks are paid from Fifty to One hundred Pounds a Year, according to their Stations and Employments in the Office, and receive no Fees or Gratuities whatever.

The Deputy Paymasters Abroad are paid an Allowance, Six of them Thirty Shillings a Day, and Three of them Three Pounds a Day.

The Fees received by these Officers are as various as the Business they execute; each has Fees peculiar to his Branch: They consist, ibme of them, of a Poundage upon the Sums contained in Warrants brought for Payment, and in Receipts; others, of certain Sums per Regiment, paid either annually or upon transacting particular Branches of the Regimental Business; others of them are certain Sums for Reports, Certificates,

Receipts, Entries, or other Articles of official Business.

The Gratuities are voluntary Donations upon the Payment of Warrants, or for creating some i'rouble to the Office, and are given to the Officers of the Department where the Business is t ran fatted.

It appears from the Account of the Payments made N° 22.

by

ii Geo. III. i iD Febru 705

by the Paymaster General, out of the Deductions of Twelve Pence in the Pound, and One Day's Pay, for the Year 1780, that the Salary and Allowances to the Paymaster General (except the Twenty Shillings a Day-on the Staff) and the Two additional Salaries to the Deputy and Cashier, and the Allowances to the Deputy Paymasters Abroad, are paid out of the Deductions of Twelve Pence in the Pound; the Twenty Shillings a Day on the Staff, is paid to him in like Manner as the General and Staff Officers in Great Britain are paid, out of the Money granted for the Ordinary Services of the Army: All these Payments are therefore a Charge upon the Public. The Paymaster General himself pays £ the other Salaries, out of the Sum of One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty Pounds allowed him for that Purpose: The Fees and Gratuities are paid by the Remitters, Contractors, Agents, and Persons whose Business brings them to the Office, and therefore come immediately out of their Pockets, though much the greatest Part of them ultimately fall upon the Public.

Usage of Office is the general Ground upon which these several Payments rest, except in the Two Instances of the additional Allowances to the Deputy and the Cashier, which are founded on special Circum-£.500. fiances; the Five hundred Pounds a Year Addition to the Deputy, is paid to him by a Warrant dated 18th March 1774; it commenced from the 10th October 1771, and is to continue as long as he holds this Office: The Ground stated in the Warrant is, that the then Emoluments of the Office were not an adequate Com pensation for his Trouble, Care, and Fidelity: Mis Predecessors in this Office had not this additional Salary; for they enjoyed, at the same Time, what the present Deputy had not, other Appointments under the thrown,

£ *7*>. The Warrant for the Payment of the additional Two

hundred and Seventy Ponnds a Year to the Cashier, is dated the 10th July 1765, an^ itto be made to him for his Trouble, Care, Diligence, and Fidelity in the Execution of the Business committed to his Charge.

The Allowance to the Paymaster General of Twenty Shillings a Day upon the Stafij is voted annually upon the Establishment, and, together with the Twenty Shillings a Day as Treasurer of Chcl/ea Hospital, isinferted in his Letters Patent: All the Salaries and Allowances paid to him are such as have been allowed to his Predecessors in this Office; and all the Salaries, Fees, and Gratuities received by the Officers and Clerks, and Deputy Paymasters, are the same as have been paid to, and received by, those who have gone before them.

From the Account in the Appendix it appears, that the Gross Amount of the Emoluments received in this Office, was Twenty-five thousand One hundred and *9' '' Eight Pounds Nineteen Shillings and One Penny: The Nett Amount was Twenty-three thousand Five ' ‘ hundred Sixty-one Pounds One Shilling and Eight Pence: The Sum of Thirteen thousand Four hundred and Fifty Pounds, received for Salaries and Allowances, i was paid by the Public: The Sum of Eleven thousand

'9‘ Five hundred Seventy-three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and One Penny, for Fees and Gratuities, was paid by Individuals.

There is moreover another Gratuity given to the Officers and Clerks in each of these Pay Offices, upon passing the final Accounts of a Treasurer and Pay-niafter General in the Office of the Auditor of the Imprest; this Gratuity is craved of the Commissioners of the Treasury, by a Memorial from the respective Officers and Clerks in each Office, as a Compensation for their Trouble in carrying on and making up the Accounts of aTreasurer and Paymaster General after his Resignation: The Quantum of it bears some Proportion to the Total Sum contained in the Account to be passed; it is allowed to them by a Treasury Warrant, out of the Balance remaining in the Hands of the Accountant, and is therefore paid out of a Public Fund. Vol. 38.

These Allowances have been tnade ever since the Resolution, and, by the Accounts of them from that N® 24, 25. Period, transmitted to us from these Offices, it appears, that in the Pay Office of the Navy, the Instances of these Gratuities, from the Year x688 to the Year 1772, when the last Accounts of Mr. Dending in the Year 1756, were passed, are Seventeen, and amount to Fifty-four thousand One hundred Sixty-two Pounds £. 54,16*. 17. 9$. Seventeen Shillings and Nine Pence Farthing; and in the Pay Office of the Army, the Instances from the same Year to the Year 1770, when the Accounts of Lord Darlington and others, ending 24th 1757, were passed, are Nine, and amount to Forty-six thou- £.46,m. sand One hundred and Twelve Pounds Eighteen Shillings; making together One hundred thousand Two £.100,175.15.94. hundred Seventy-five Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Nine Pence Farthing, paid by the Public during that Period in these Gratuities.

In the Exchequer, Six Offices came under our Examination; namely, the Auditor of the Receipt, the Clerk of the Pells, the Tellers, the Chamberlains, the Usher, and the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills. There are some Circumstances common to them all; Salaries or Allowances, Fees, and Gratuities, are the Heads under which may be ranged the Profits of all the Officers and Clerks.

The Gratuities are usual voluntary Donations, either from Public Offices or Individuals: The Yearly Accounts are made up to Michaelmas Eve; and therefore the Accounts of the Receipts and Payments of the Year 1780, which is the Year we are inquiring into, are made up to the Michaelmas of that Year.

In the First Five of these Offices, the Principal appoints the Deputy and Clerks. The First Four of them have Tables hung up in each Office, by which their Fees are regulated; these Fees consist either of a Poundage, or of certain Payments for particular Articles of Business transacted in each Office, and are paid by the Persons either paying in, or receiving Money out of, the Exchequer, or applying for their particular Business.

The Return made to our Precept by the Duke of N6 26. Newcastle, Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and the Examinations of Edward N° 27.

Esquire, his First Clerk, and of Mr. William , N® 28. the Tally Writer, supplied us with a Knowledge of the State of the Emoluments received by the Officers and Clerks in this Branch of the Exchequer, the Business of which is trail faded by the Auditor and Twenty-three fixed Clerks, with other occasional Assistants when wanted.

The Auditor is appointed for Life, by aConstitution under the Hands and Seals of the Commissioners of the Treasury; all the Exchequer Bills, Orders, Debentures,

Patents, and other Instruments which pass this Office, are signed by him; the official Profits are not received by himself, but by his First Clerk, who accounts with him for them every Month: He receives Eleven Annual Allowances, enumerated in an Account transmitted to Nd 29. us, and inserted in the Appendix, amounting to Three £. 5,766. t. thousand Seven hundred Sixty-six Pounds One Shilling:

He has a fmaJl Annual Fee from the Wardrobe of

Four Pounds Seventeen Shillings; and is entitled to

Fees upon the Receipt of Money into, and Issue of

Money out of, the Exchequer; the First amounted to

One hundred and Seventy Pounds Thirteen Shillings £ >7-13 9-

and Nine Pence, the latter, to Twelve Thousand Five £* 12.554.

hundred Fifty-four PoundsTwo Shillings and Six Fence.

The Sum he received by Fees for entering Patents,

and upon Imprest Bills, was Thirty-nine Pounds

Five Shillings, and in Gratuities Three hundred Forty- £.345. 7.

five Pounds Seven Shillings; the gross Amount of all

which was Sixteen thousand Eight hundred and Eighty £. i6,8$o. 6.3.

Founds Six Shillings and Three Pence: Out of which

Sum he made the following Payments; for Taxes,

Eight

£ *72. 12. £‘ 1,662. 10.

£ 3*9- o. a, £ 2,864. 2. 2.

£‘ >4)0x6. 4. i#

1C 100.

£ 3)Ooi. 16. 8. £' 14*- X7-

£- ?>H4* 13. 8. C *»75*- 3. 6.

N* 30. N*3i.

N-32.

jCM°«- 9> £. 5,900.

£ 4«°- 3- 4 7i >3°S'>7- *

706 11° Februarii. 1782.

Eight hundred Seventy-two Pounds Twelve Shillings; to Clerks, One thousand Six hundred Sixty-two Pounds Ten Shillings; for incidental Expences of office, Three hundred Twenty-nine Pounds and Two Thence; together, Two thousand Eight hundred Sixty-four Pounds Two Shillings and Two Pence; which reduced his clear Receipt to Fourteen thousand and Sixteen Pounds Four Shillings and One Penny.

The First Clerk has an Annual Allowance of One hundred Pounds, and the Clerk's Fees, amounting to Three thousand and One Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eight Pence; his Gratuities w'ere. One hundred Forty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings; making together Three thousand Two hundred and Forty-four Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Eight Pence; reduced, by Payments for Taxes, Clerks, and incidental Expences, to Two thousand Seven hundred Fifty-two Pounds Three Shillings and Six Pence.

The rest of the Clerks have Salaries in proportion to their Rank and Employment, paid to them either by the Auditor or his First or other Clerks; they have Fees likewise, and Gratuities, of various Kinds; and out of what they receive make various Payments, an Account of all which, as transmitted to ns from this Office, is inserted in the Appendix.

The Foundation of these Allowances and Fees, and the Authority under which they are claimed and paid, are as follows:

Upon the King's Accession aCertificate is transmitted from the Auditor's Ofiiee to the Treasury, pursuant to their Requisition, consisting of Two Lifts; one containing the several Fees, Salaries, and Allowances that have by ancient Custom, Letters Patent, Constitutions, or other Authorities, been paid to the Officers and Ministers of the Exchequer, either in Right of their Offices and Employments, or in Reward for their Services; the other containing the Fees, Salaries, or Allowances, that have been settled and allowed them for their Labour and Expence in managing and performing the Business of the Annuities payable at the Exchequer. This Certificate isfentback to the Exchequer, annexed to a Warrant directed to the Auditor, authorizing him to draw Orders or pass Debentures for paying from Time to Time, in the usual Manner, and at the accustomed Times, to the Officers, the Sums in the Certificate mentioned; the First Lift, amounting to One thousand Eight hundred and One Pounds Nine Shillings, out of the Money applicable to his Majesty's Civil Government; the other, amounting to Five thousand Nine hundred Pounds, out of the respective Funds applicable to the Payment of the Annuities.

This Warrant dates the Authority, under which the Treasury issued it, to be, as to the First Lift, either the Letters Patent, Constitutions, or Authorities, whereby the Officers hold their Employments, or the General Letters Patent dormaut (by which the King empowers them to make Variety of Payments therein described out of the Civil List); and as to the Second Lift, either the Powers given to them by the respective Acts of Parliament relative to the Annuities, or any other Power in them being.

In this Certificate are contained the Eleven Allowances paid to the Auditor: The Two first of them, amounting to Four hundred and Sixty Pounds Three Shillings and Four Pence, are in the First Lift, and paid to him in Eight of his Office: The other Nine,

makingThree thousand Three hundred and Five Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eight Pence, are in the Second Lift, apd paid to him as a Recompence for his Trouble in the Business of the Annuities, by virtue of the Power vested in the Treasury by the several Acts, to provide for the Charges of Management.

The Fees of the Auditor, upon the Receipt of Money, are: ift. About One Fourth Part of the Tally Court Fees; of which Fourth, his Clerk attending in the-Tally Court has a Share. 2dly. Part of a Sum it*

allowed by the Treasury to some of the Exchequer Six*h Repen Officers for the Tallies of Loan which are exempt from Fees. u c Ctta!

The Fees upon the Iffiie are, A Poundage upon Money issued for certain Services, not for all Services:

In the Year 1780, the Sum on which the Poundage Fees were paid was near Eight Millions: Upwards of i.ocopn Twenty-two Millions more were issued in that Year, for £.»vwv*. which neither the Auditor, nor his Clerks, received any Fees whatever. The other Fees are, certain Payments for transacting particular Kinds of Business. All these Fees are regulated by a Table, specifying, both for the X*. 33. Auditor and his Clerks, the Rate, where it is a Poundage, otherwise the Quantum, of each Fee: This Table is for the most Part grounded upon Usage, recognized as ancient by the Barons of the Exchequer in the Year 1692, as to those Fees the subject Matter of which existed at that Time: and acquieljped in, as to those Fees the Subject Matter of which is of a Date subsequent to that Year.

By an Act, passed in the Third Year of William and Mary, the Officers of the Exchequer were prohibited from taking any other Fees, for the receiving or issuing the Supplies granted by that or any other Act of that Parliament, except such ancient and legal Fees as should be allowed to be so by the Barons of the Court of Exchequer; who were required to present to both Lloufes of Parliament, at the next Sessions, a Table of Fees, to be by them allowed as ancient and legal: The Barons, in pursuance of this Power, made a Report, containing the Table required: This Report is inrolled in the Office of the King's Remembrancer; a Copy of it is inserted in the Appendix: It comprehends the N* 34, Fees to be taken upon the Receipt and Issue of Money in the Offices of the Auditor, the Clerk of the Pells, the Tellers, and the Tally Court; and is the Rule, though the Act is long since expired, by which they are governed at this Day, except in some few Instances, where Usage, since that Report, has introduced Variations; one of which is, by the Barons Report the Whole of the Fees paid to the Officers of the Exchequer, upon the Issue of Money for the Army Services in general, was Three Halfpence in the Pound; but ever since the Year 1744, a Difference has been made between the Issue for the Ordinary and the Extraordinary Services; the Fees for the first continue at Three Halfpence; those for the latter are reduced to One Penny only in the Pound.

These Payments come out of different Funds; the Two first Allowances to the Auditor, the Treasury Allowance for the Tallies of Loan, the Wardrobe Fee, and the Allowance to the First Clerk, which is included in the First Lift of the Exchequer Certificate, are paid out of the Civil List; the other Nine Allowances are paid out of the Funds created by the several Acts, and therefore out of Public Money. The Foes of the Tally Court, and from Issues and for other Business, are paid immediately by Individuals; but all the Exchequer Fees paid on the Issues for the Army Services, amounting in the Year 1780 to Thirty-nine thousand >C- 39>>:t.7.14 One hundred and Ninety-eight Pounds Seven Shillings and Ten Pence, are charged by the Paymaster General of the Forces upon the Deductions of Twelve Pence in the Pound, and therefore paid by the Public. Of the Sum of Seven Millions Nine hundred and Eighty £7rfo t thousand Three hundred and Forty Pounds, on the Issue of which Fees were paid, Seven Millions Three £,

hundred and Eleven thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-two Pounds, Part thereof, was Money belonging to the Public -, Six hundred Sixty-eight thousand Six hundred and Eight Pounds, other Part, was out £.(a,ht of the Civil List.

From the Account in the Appendix it appears, that the Total Sum received in this Office was Twenty-one thousand Two hundred and Seventy-three Pounds Sixteen Shillings; the Nett Sum was Nineteen Thousand £.*t

Eight.

22 Geo. III.

H° Febniarii.

7°7

I3,7oS. 12. J.

C- i»i 16. 7- 5*

C 6,448. 16. 6.

36.

37.

38.

Eight hundred and Eighty Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Four Pence: The Sum of Thirteen shouland Seven hundred and Eight Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Penny was paid by the Public; One thousand One hundred and Sixteen Pounds Seven Shillings and Five Pence, out of the Civil List; and Six thousand Four hundred and Forty-eight Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Six Pence, by Individuals.

From the Return made to us by the Right honourable Sir EdxcardJEa/pole, Clerk of the Pells, and the Examinations of Edu ard Roberts, Esquire, his Deputy and First Clerk, and Mr. Henry Thomas, Clerk of the Introitus, we learned the State of the Profits received by the Officers and Clerks in this Office; which Office con fills of the Clerk of the Pells, his Deputy and First Clerk, and Fourteen inferior Clerks.

The Clerk of the Pells is appointed for Life, by a Constitution under the Hands and Seals of the Com-niiftioners of the Treasury, to exercise his Office either by himself or Deputy. In Consequence of this Privilege, it has not been usual, for many Years, for the Cl erk of the Pells to execute any Part of the Business himself; the Deputy transacts the Whole, and receives and accounts with his Principal for all the Profits that belong to him. The Clerk of the Pells receives Thirteen distinct Allowances, set forth in the Return, £. 1,603. o n. amounting to One thousand Six hundred and Three Pounds and Eleven Pence, paid to him by Order or Debenture; One of them. Sixty-one Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence, is inserted in his Constitution, and is, together with Six more, making Three hundred and Six Pounds One Shilling and Eight Pence, included in the First Lift in the Exchequer Certificate, and therefore payable out of the Civil List; the remaining Six, amounting to One thousand Two hundred Thirty-five Pounds Five Shillings and Eleven Pence, are in the Second Lift, and therefore payable out of the respective Annuity Funds. His Fees upon the Receipt consist of about One Fourth Part both of the Tally Court Fees and of the Treasury Allowance for the Tallies of Loan, a certain Part of both of which is appropriated to his Clerk of the Introitus. His Share of these Fees and Allowance came to One hundred Ninety-four Pounds Five Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny. His Fees on the Issue are, like those of the Auditor, a Poundage, at different Rates for different Services, paid by the Persons receiving, according to a Tabic hung up in the Office, taken, and varying but little, from the Barons Report; and according to the same Table, some ancient Fees are taken for the Entries, Enrolments, and Examinations of certain Inftrnments. All the above Fees amounted to Seven thousand Seven hundred Pounds Two Shillings and Eight Pence, and his /Gratuities from the Public Offices to Fifty-five Pounds One Shilling; which made his gross Receipt Nine thousand Four hundred and Thirty-two Pounds One Shilling and Six Pence Halfpenny: Out of which he paid One thousand Eight hundred Thirty-four PoundsNine Shillings and Six Pence: The Particulars of these Payments are Hated in a Return inserted in the Appendix, and reduced his clear Receipt to Seven thousand Five hundred Niuety-l'even Pounds Twelve Shillings and a Halfpenny.

£ 306. x. 8-

£ >»»35- 5 »

£. 194. 5-

N°

£.7,700. *. r.

£.'9,432. 1.

£ 1,834- 9- 6.

N° 40.

£.7,597. 1*. c{. £. 420.

N° 4».

£.283. 6. 1.

£.681. 6. 1.

The Deputy and First Clerk has a Salary of Four hundred and Twenty Pounds a Year, paid to him by his Principal: His Fees are, a Poundage upon One Head of Issue only, that is, the Issue on Annuities, Pensions, tUc. at the Ratofiated in the Barons Report; and also some other small Fees and Gratuities, enumerated in the Account of the Officers and Clerks Fees in the Appendix, amounting to Two hundred Eighty-three Pounds Six Shillings and One Penny. These Two Sums were reduced, by the Payment of Twenty-two Pounds for Taxes, to the Nett Sum of Six hundred Eighty-one Pounds Six Shillings and One Penny.

The Clerk of the Introitus has a Share of the Tally V.*l. 38.

Court Fees, and of the Treasury Allowance, and some other small Fees, Allowances, and Gratuities; the Whole producing Three hundred Forty-eight Pounds £ 34*- 9- 91-

Nine Shillings and Nine Pence Halfpenny; reduced,

by Nine Pounds Seven Shillings for Taxes, to Three £.339- * 94-

hundred Thirty-nine Pounds Two Shillings and Nine

Pence Halfpenny.

The rest of the Clerks have Salaries, from Fifty to N° 42. One hundred and Twenty Pounds, paid them by the Principal, and a few of them some small Fees and Gratuities.

From a State of the Total received and paid in N° 43-this Office, the Sum received was Ten thousand Two £.10,269. 19. hundred Sixty-nine Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Two Pence Halfpenny: the Nett Sum, Nine thousand Five £.9.543- »3- 91-hundred Forty-three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Nine Pence Halfpenny: The Sum paid by the Public,

Five thousand Nine hundred Sixty-four Pounds Four £. 5964- 4- 9-

Shillings and Nine Pence; out of the Civil List, Seven

bund red Fifty two Pounds One Shilling and Three £ 75*- * W

Pence Halfpenny; and from Iqdividuals.Three thousand

Five hundred Fifty-three Pounds Thirteen Shillings £. 3,553. *3- »

and Two Pence.

From the Return made to our Precept, and the N® 44. Examinations of Daniel Wray, William Price, Richard N* 45, 46, 4} Welles, and Charles Tcwti/hend, Esquires, the Deputies N® 48*

and First Clerks to the Right honourable the Earl of Hardwiclce, the Earl of Norlhington, Earl Temple, and the honourable John Jeffreys Pratt, the Four Tellers ' of the Exchequer, we obtained an Account of the Emoluments received in this Office.

The Tellers is one Office in Four Divisions; each consisting of a Teller, a Deputy and First Clerk, Two Offices executed by the same Person, a Second Clerk, and Three inferior Clerks; in all Twenty-four Persons.

The Teller is appointed for Life, by Letters Patent, which empower him to execute the Office by Deputy; and therefore the whole Business of these Offices is now, and long have been, trail fact ed entirely by Deputies:

The Teller himself executes no Part of it; he docs not collect his own Profits; they are received and accounted for to him by his Deputy. ‘

Each Teller receives Yearly an ancient Salary or Fee belonging to his Office; the Senior, Thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence; the Three Juniors, Thirty-one Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence each: They have likewiseSix Annual Allowances from the Treasury for their Trouble in paying tho Annuities, which are equally divided amongst the Four; the Share of each is Three hundred Thirty-nine Pounds £. 339- 14- «$ Fourteen Shillings and One Penny Farthing. These Salaries and Allowances are in the Exchequer Certificate; the Salaries in the First Lift, the Allowances in the Second. The Tellers are paid nothing upon the Receipt of Money: Their Fees arise from the I fluey and consist of a Poundage on Issues, not for all, but for certain Services, and different for different Services, according to Rates specified in the Table of Fees stated in the Return, and taken from the Barons Report, but varying from it in the Rate on the Issues for the Extraordinaries of the Army as before-mentioned, and on the Issues for Pensions, and some other Services, which, though luhject to Fees in that Report, are since exempted by Acts of Parliament. These Fees are divided equally amongst the lour Tellers; and the Share of each was Seven thousand and Thirty-eight Pounds £ 7t0.s ,5- 4 Fifteen Shillings and a Halfpenny. The Sum, on the Issue of which these Fees were taken, was near Sixteen £. ,6,000,000. Millions: The Sum for which no Fees were taken, was upwards of Fourteen Millions, as being exempt £ i4>c°°»00«. either by A els of Parliament, Courtcfy, or Usage. The Sum subject to Fees in the Office of the Tellers exceeds . the Sum subject to Fees in the Office of the Auditor, and Clerk of the Pells; for the Barons Report makes the Sum ifl'ued to the Navy (which in the Year 17S0 exceeded Six Millions) and to the Ordnance, liable in £. 6,ooc, ceo.

S S , . the

70S

ii* Februarii.

A. 1782.

£' 7>4®9- «7- ii- 7'3 S. 4J.

£ *.696 it. ji.

£ 7»4jo. *. SJ.

£ 77*- 16. 6. £ 6,«77. s- ui-

<C-74»- 17.

£ 6,707- 5. j$.

£ 1,10*. 15. 7.

£ ».337- * 1. <C-9>»S3- 3- ij.

iC- 7iS>». 3. 7}.

<C-77«. o «. £.6,740. j. 6J.

£ !*» J-

£ »»J79- «

£.1,608. j. 1.

C 339- *4 £*3®'

the one, and not in the others: The Salary, and One Fourth Part of the Allowances and Fees, which constitute the gross Receipt of the First Teller, amounted to Seven thousand Four hundred and Nine Pounds Seventeen Shillings and One Penny Three Farthings; ont of which he paid, for Clerks, Taxes, Gratuities, and incidental Expences, Seven hundred and Thirteen Pounds Five Shillings and Four Pence Farthing; the Remainder, being his Nett Receipt, was Six thousand Six hundred Ninety-six Pounds Eleven Shillings and Nine Pence Halfpenny.

The gross Receipt of the Second Teller, consistipg of the like Articles, and also of Forty Pounds for the Rent of a House belonging to his Office, was Seven thousand Four hundred and Fifty Pounds Two Shillings and Five Pence Three Farthings: His Payments for Clerks, Taxes, and Incidents, were Seven hundred Seventy-two Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Six Pence; which left him a Nett Receipt of Six thousand Six hundred Seventy-seven Pounds Five Shillings and Eleven Pence Three Farthings.

The gross Receipt of the Third Teller was the like Sum: His Payments were Seven hundred Forty-twd Pounds Seventeen Shillings; which left him a clear Balance of Six thousand Seven hundred and Seven Pounds Five Shillings and Five Pence Three Farthings; but the Third Teller, taking to himself a Portion of Iris First Clerk's Fees, amounting to One thousand One hundred and Eight Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Seven Pence, and all tiis Second Clerk's Fees (deducting the Taxes) being One thousand Three hundred Thirty-seven Pounds Two Shillings and One Penny; his Nett Receipt was Nine thousand One hundred Fifty-three Pounds Three Shillings and One Penny Three Farthings.

The Profits of the Office of the Fourth Teller (which were divided between Mr. the late Teller,

or his Executors, and Mr. Pr, who succeededlothis Office 21st May 1780) were Seven thousand Five hundred and Eleven Pounds Three Shillings and Seven Pence Three Farthings: The Deductions were Seven hundred Seventy-one Pounds and One Penny; which reduced the clear Receipt to Six thousand Seven hundred and Forty Pounds Three Shillings and Six Pence Three Farthings. The Articles composing these several Receipts and Deductions, and those which follow relative to the Clerks, are enumerated in the Return transmitted to us from this Office.

The Deputy, as such, has no Profit whatever; but, as First Clerk, he has Fees both upon the Receipt and Issue; the Fees upon the Receipt are called Bill Money; and are in Consideration of his writing the Bills: They are paid, according to an ancient Table of Fees used in the Office, and dated in the Return; not included in the Barons Report, because that Report relates to the Supplies granted by that Parliament only. This Bill Money is divided equally amongst the Four First Clerks; the Share of each was One hundred Eighty-two Pounds Nine Shillings.

The Fees upon the Issue, are a Poundage, after a certain Rate, for certain Services, according to the Barons Report, similar to that of the Tellers, with the like Variations and Exemptions: These Fees are divided into Eight equal Parts, and belong to the Four First and the Four Second Clerks; the Eighth* Part or Share of each was One thousand Three hundred Seventy-nine Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Penny. Each First Clerk receives also Annually, in Gratuities from Public Offices, Forty-six Pounds Four Shillings. These Articles, of Bill Money, Fees, and Giamities, making together One thousand Six hundred and Eight Pounds Five Shillings and One Penny, was the gross Receipt of the First Clerks to the Three J mi iorTeilers: The First Clerk to the Senior Feller received more; lie had the Allowance of Three hundred Thirty-nine Pounds Fourteen Shillings, and Two hundred Thirty Pounds out of the 16

Fees of the Second Clerk, in Consideration of his paying the Salaries of the Three Under Clerks, and as an additional Recompence for his Care and Trouble in the Execution of his Office; these Sums increased his gross Receipt to Two thousand One hundred Seventy-seven £.*,177. t9. Pounds Nineteen Shillings and One Penny: Out of which he paid in Taxes, for Clerks, and other Expences, Four hundred Fifty-seven Pounds One Shilling; £457. t. reducing thereby his Nett Receipt to One thousand iti Seven hundred and Twenty Pounds Eighteen Shillings and One Penny. The First Clerk to the Second Teller reduced his Receipt of One thousand Six hundred £-»M 5C and Eight Pounds Five Shillings and One Penny, by the Payment of Fifty-one Pounds Fourteen Shillings for Taxes and-incidental Expences, to One thousand Five £.1,556/1. hundred Fifty-six Pounds Eleven Shillings and One Penny. The First Clerk to the Third Teller paid in Taxes and Gratuities Fifty-three Pounds Five Shillings and Six Pence; the remaining Sum of One thousand £.1,55+1}. Fire hundred Fifty-four Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Seven Pence he did not retain to his own Use; lie i$ allowed by his Teller, for the Execution of this Office, a Salary of Four hundred Pounds a Year, and the £.400. Gratuities of Forty-six Pounds Four Shillings; these lie retains; but the Residue, being One thousand One £.1,1*151.) hundred and Eight Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Seven Pence, he paid to the Third Teller. The First Clerk to the Fourth Teller paid out of his Receipt Fifty-three Pounds Five Shillings and Six Pence for Taxes and Gratuities, and, in Addition to the Salary of the Senior under Clerk, Thirty-feveu Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Farthing, being at the Rate of One hundred Pounds a Year, from the 2 ill of the Time

of Mr. Pratt's Appointment, to Michaelmas 1780; these Payments reduced his clear Receipt to One £i,s'7 ' ft thousand Five hundred and Seventeen Pounds Seven Shillings and Six Pence Three Farthings.

The only Profit appropriated to the Office of the Second Clerk, is the Eighth Part of the Fees on the

Issues, which was One thousand Three hundred Seventy- £ ‘.379-«1 nine Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Penny. The Second Clerks to the First, Second, and Third Tellers, never attend the Office, or transact any official Business whatever; the First Clerk receives the Share of the Fees belonging to the Second, makes the usual Payments out of it, and pays the Residue to such Perfira as the Teller has named as his Second Clerk, or otherwise to the Teller himself. The Payments out of the Share of the Second Clerk to the First Teller were Forty-two Pounds Fifteen Shillings for Taxes and Incidents, and Two £.130. hundred and Thirty Pounds to the First Clerk; the Remainder, being One thousand One hundred and Six £. 1,106.17. + Pounds Seventeen Shillings and One Penny, was paid to the Father of the Second Clerk, who was under Age.

Forty-two Pounds Fifteen Shillings was the Deduction out of the Fees of the Second Clerk to the Second Teller; the remaining Sum of One thousand Three £.1,336.171. hundred Thirty-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and One Penny, was paid to the Second Cle rk. The Share of the Second Clerk to the Third Teller was reduced, by the Payment of Forty-two Pounds Ten Shillings for Taxes, to One thousand Three hundred Thiny-seven £. 1,337 >, t. Pounds Two Shillings and One Penny; the Y\ hole of which was paid to the Third Teller himself.

The Second Clerk in the remaining Division has been in a Situation different from the refi. During the Time Mr. Townshend was Teller, Ins Second Clerk attended the Business of the Office, who received the Fees belonging to the Second Clerk, fuSject only to the Payment of the Taxes; there were then but Two Clerks mqre employed: 'Hie Share of these Fee* that accrued in Mr. Tazvnjhend'sLife-time, was Eight bun- £.loi.«. l

dred and One Pounds Two Shillings and One Penny; out of which. Twenty-six Pounds Ten Shillings and Six Pence, the Proportion of the Taxes, being

paid,

2 2 Geo. III.

ii Februarit. 709

774- 7- paid, the remaining Seven hundred Seventy-four Pounds Eleven Shillings and Seven Pence, was the Nett Receipt of the Second Clerk to Mr. Tounjliend. The Second Clerk appointed by the present Teller has never attended; but, out of his Fees, the Senior of the under Clerks, who was Second Clerk to Mr. is

allowed Four hundred Pounds a Year: His Share of the Fees for the Remainder of the Year was Five hun-C- 578. 10. dred Seventy-eight Pounds Ten Shillings; out of which was paid Fifteen Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Six 158. 8. 2}. Pence for Taxes, and One hundred and Fifty Pounds Eight Shillings and Two Pence Three Farthings, being £.400. so much of the Salary of Four hundred Pounds as accrued between the Time the Teller was appointed and the Michaelmas following; the Remainder, being Four

4»*. *. sj hundred and Twelve Pounds Two Shillings and Three Pence Farthing, was paid to the Father of the Teller.

The under Clerks are paid by such Salaries as each Teller thinks proper to allow them; they have no Fees; but receive some small Gratuities, amounting in the Year to about Twenty Pounds to each Division.

49- An Account of the Receipts and Payments in this

Office (hews the Gross Receipt to be Forty-one thou-77*. *4* 5- sand Seven hundred Seventy-two Pounds Fourteen 38. 13. 2$. Shillings and Five Pence, and the Nett, Thirty-eight thousand One hundred Thirty-eight Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Two Pence Three Farthings: Twenty )*t*- j- 4- nine thousand. Two hundred Seventy-two Pounds Three Shillings and Four Pence is paid out of Public C j.024. 9. Money; One thousand Twenty-four Pounds Nine Shil-M7& * * lings, out of the Civil List; and Eleven thousand Four hundred Seventy-six Pounds Two Shillings and One Penny, by Individuals.

50. A Return was made to our Precept from the Cham-

51. berlain's Office. We examined Abraham Farley and

52. William Hammond, Esquires, Deputies on the Receipt . 54. Side, and James Galloway and George Rose, Esquires,

Deputies on the Court Side, to Montague Ef-

quire, and the honourable Frederick North, the Two Chamberlains of the Exchequer. We received also a

55. Return from Thomas I.am be, Esquire, Tally Cutter,

56. and examined Mr. Charles Alexander, his Deputy.

This Office consists of Three Divisions; The Receipt Side, or Tally Court; The Court Side; and The Tally Cutters Office: It is composed of Nine Persons; namely, the Two Chamberlains, Two Deputies on each Side, One Under Clerk on the Court Side, The Tally Cutter, and his Deputy.

The Office of Chamberlain is held for Life by Letters Patent, with Pow er to execute it by Deputy; by virtue of this Privilege, these Two Officers interfere not in any Part of the Business of this Office, it is all transacted on both Side by the Deputies: Each Chamberlain is entitled to Two Annua) Payments, a Salary of Fifty-two Pounds Three Shillings and Four Pence, reduced by Taxes to Forty-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings; and Thirteen Pounds Six Shillings and Six Pence Wardrobe Money, reduced by Fees to Eleven Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Ten Pence; together, 58. is. 10. clear. Fifty-eight Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Ten Pence. The Two Salaries are in the First Lift of the Exchequer Certificate; The Wardrobe Money is a customary Payment. They receive neither Fee nor Gratuity; but they take to themselves a Part of the Profits of both their Deputies. The senior Chamberlain received out of the Fees of his Deputy on the Receipt Side, Seventy Pounds; and out of the Fees of his De-256 6, 10. P«ty on the Court Side, Two hundred Fifty-six Pounds Six Shillings and Ten Pence, which increased his Nett ,-sj. 3. g. Profits to Three hundred Eighty-five Pounds Three Shillings and Eight Pence. The junior Chamberlain received out. of the Profits of his Deputy on the Re-252 5.2. cnl,t Side, Two hundred Fifty-two Pounds Five Shillings and Two Pence; ami on the Court Side, Two 274. 6. 10. hundred Seventy-four Pounds Six Shillings and Ten

Vol. 38.

Pence; which made his clear Receipt Five hundred 5*5. * Eighty-five Pounds Eight Shillings and Ten Pence.

The Two Deputies on the Receipt Side have each of them ancient Salaries; the senior Four, amounting to Ninety-seven Pounds a Year; the junior Three, together Fifty-seven Pounds a Year; the First Lift of the Exchequer Certificate contains them all: They are also entitled, in equal Moieties, to One-fourth Part (with some trifling Exceptions) of the Fees taken in the Tally Court; of which the Share of each Deputy was One £.193. >7. 5. hundred Ninety-three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Five Pence: Each of them received a Treasury Allowance for the Tallies of Loan, Seventy Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Three Pence, and from the Paymaster General of the Forces a Gratuity of Three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Six Pence; these several Items produced to the senior Three hundred Sixty-five Pounds £ 365. 4. ». Four Shillings and Two Pence, reduced by the Payment of Eighteen Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six-Pence for Taxes, and Seventy Pounds to his Principal, to the clear Sum of Two hundred Seventy-six Pounds £ *i6- s- * Five Shillings and Eight Pence; and produced to the junior Three hundred Twenty-five Pounds Four Shil- £-3*5. 4- * lings and Two Pence, reduced, by the Payment of Eighteen Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Six Pence for Taxes, to Three hundred and Six Pounds Eight Shillings and Eight Pence; of which Sum he retained to hi* own Use a Salary of Fifty Pounds, allowed him by his Principal for the Execution of the Office, the Gratuity of Three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Six Pence, and a Sum of about Ten Shillings more, making together Fifty-four Pounds Three Shillings and Six Pence; the Remainder, being Two hundred Fifty-two Pounds * * * Five Shillings and Two Pence, he paid to his Principal.

An ancient Table regulates the Fees taken in the ^*57* Tally Cdirt, and estimates them, either by the Tally or by the Sums paid in; they are received from the Persons who take away the Tallies, and are divided for the most Part into Four equal Portions, one of which belongs to the Auditor and his Clerk, another to the Clerk of the Pells and his Clerk, a Third to the Two Deputy Chamberlains on the Receipt Side, and the Fourth to the Tally Cutter.

The Two Deputies on the Court Side have each an ancient Salary of Five Pounds a Year, inserted in the First Lift of the Exchequer Certificate; and are entitled, in equal Moieties, to Fees paid by Accountants for joining Tallies, according to an ancient Table, and N* 58. estimated either by the Tally, or the Sum to be accounted for; the Moiety of these Fees was Two hundred Sixtj'-one Pounds and Seven Pence, and of the Treasury Allowance for the Tallies of Loan, Eighty-six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine Pence; together, to each Deputy, Three hundred Fifty-two Pounds >9-4 Nineteen Shillings and Four Pence: Out of this Sum the Deputy to the senior Chamberlain paid Sixteen Pounds Two Shillings and Six Pence for 'faxes, and Three Pounds for incidental Expences; which reduced the clear Receipt to Three hundred Thirty-three Pounds 333‘ 1 ' Sixteen Shillings and Ten Pence: Of this Sum he retained Sixty-five Pounds as his Salary for the Execution of the Office, and Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings for the under Clerk; the Residne, being Two hundred Fifty- »°-

six Pounds Six Shillings and Ten Pence, he paid to his Principal. The like Share of the Deputy to the junior, was reduced, by the like Payments for Taxes, anil Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings to the Clerk, to Th. ei hundred Twenty-four Pounds Six Shillings and Ten 3*4' 6 ,0‘ Pence; out of which, retaining his Salary of Fifty Pounds, he paid the remaining Two hundred Seventy- ^'*74' I0"

four Pounds Six Shillings and fen Pence to his Principal. The under Clerk has only a Salary of Twenty-five Pounds a Year, paid to him out of the Fees of the Deputies.

The

£ 141. 6. 6,

£ S'6- 7- 10 £ 5X3- 4- 4

£ 441. io. 4 £ 59- H-

N‘59-

£ *»°43- 4-

£-758- w. £ W7- 7.

£ 1,917- 6.

£ 1,021.

£ 2,043. 4* £ 3,064. 9.

N° 60. N° 61.

£-4°- 17.

£ 5,252. S,

71O

i r° Februarii.

A. 1782.

The Tally Cutter is appointed byaConftifution from the Commissioners of the Treasury, during Pleasure; he executes no Part of the Business of this Office himself; his Deputy traufuels the whole of it: He has a Salary of Five Pounds Ten Shillings a Year, inserted in the First Lift of the Exchequer Certificate, and received an Allowance from the Treasury for the Loan Tallies . of One hundred Forty-one Pounds Six Shillings and Six Pence; which Two Sums are paid out of the Civil List: His Fourth of the Tally Court Fees amounted to Three hundred Sixty six Pounds Seven Shillings and

Ten Pence. These Sums, making together Five hundred Thirteen Pounds Four Shillings and Four Pence, were reduced, by Fourteen Pounds Twelve Shillings and Nine Pence paid for Taxes, and Fifty-seven Pounds One Shilling and Three Pence allowed to his Deputy,

to Four hundred Forty-one Pounds Ten Shillings and Four Pence clear Receipt. The Deputy, in Addition to his Salary, received from the Uffier One Pound Ten Shillings for grinding Tools, and One Pound Three Shillings and Six Pence in Gratuities; which made his

> Nett Receipt Fifty-nine Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Nine Pence.

The Gross Charge of this Office, comprehending all its Divisions, is Two thousand and Forty-three Pounds Four Shillings and Six Pence; to which the Public contributed Seven Pounds Seven Shillings; the Civil

Lift Seven hundred Fifty-eight Pounds Ten Shillings ~ and Two Pence; and Individuals, One thousand Two

hundred Seven ty-feve ft Pounds Seven Shillings and Four > Pence: The Nett Receipt was One thousand Nine hundred and Seventeen Pounds Six Shillings and Nine Pence.

Rut to the Expence created by this Office, must be added those Portions of the Tally Court Fees, and the Treasury Allowances for the Tallies of Loan, paid to the Auditor and the Clerk of the Pells amounting 5- together to One thousand and Twenty-one Pounds Five Shillings, included in the Accounts of the Profits of those Offices; which, added to the gross Sum of Two 6. thousand and Forty-three Pounds Four Shillings and Six Pence, increases the Total Expence of the Cham-<5- berlain's Office to Three thousand and Sixty-four Pounds Nine Shillings and Six Pence.

The Return of the honourable Horace Walpole, Uffier of the Exchequer, and the Examination of Charles Bedford, Esquire, his Deputy, supplied us with the State of the Emoluments of this Office; in which Three Persons are concerned, The Uffier, The Deputy, and The Clerk, who is also Yeoman Uffier.'

The Uffier is appointed for Life by Letters Patent, with Power to exercise this Office by Deputy; which Power it has been usual for the Uffier to makcufc of, and eonfequently the Business of this Office is transa&ed entirely by the Deputy. The Usher receives several small Half Yearly Fees or Payments, on different Accounts, enumerated in the Return, and amounting in 3- the Year to Forty Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eight Pence; but his principal Advantage is the Profit lie makes, by supplying the Treasury and Exchequer with Stationary and Turnery Ware, and several other Articles, and the Exchequer with Coals, and by employing the Workmen who do the Repairs of the Exchequer and the Inside of the Treasury. There is an ancient'Fable kept in the Offices of the Auditor and the Uffier, which contains a long Catalogue of the Articles furnished by the Uffier, and a certain Price affixed to each Article; the Usher is allowed, and charges Government, for each Article he furniffics, at the Rate stated in this'fable: But this Table does not contain all the Items lie provides; for such as are not included in it, he is'allowed a Profit of Forty per Cent, and on the Workmen's Bills for Repairs lie has a Profit of Three Shillings and Six Pence in the Pound. *! The Total of these Gains was Five thousand Two hundred Fifty-two Pounds Eight Shillings and Four Pence Farthing; and, with his Fees, made his Gross Receipt Five thousand Two hundred Ninety-three Pounds Six £-s*?3. M* Shillings and a Farthing: His deductions were, for Taxes, Four hundred Seventy-ite Pounds and Five £476- 0. & Pence Farthing; to his Deputy, a Salary of One bun- £'44-dred Forty-four Pounds, and One-third of the Pound-ageon the Bills for Repairs, Two hundred Thirty-four £ *14-4.6. Pounds Four Shillings and Six Pence; to the Clerk, a Salary of Fifty Pounds, and to him, as Yeoman Uffier,

Thirty-six Pounds Eight Shillings and Threepence; in Fees Forty-six Pounds Eighteen Shillings; and for incidental Expences, One hundred and Five Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Ten Pence. The Amount of these Deductions is One thousand and Ninety-three £. 1,093-M* Pounds Six Shillings and a Farthing; and reduced his Nett Receipt to Four thousand Two hundred Pounds. £.4*200.

The Deputy received, in Fees from the Stationers and others, One hundred Forty-five Fouuds Five Shil- £-«4S* 5-If-lings and Eleven Pence; which, added to his Salary, and Poundage on the Workmen's Bills, made Five '£ 5*3- s* hundred Twenty-three Pounds Ten Shillings and Five -$ - Pence; from which, Four Pounds being Deducted for Taxes, his-Nett Receipt was Five hundred 'Nineteen £-5‘9 to S* Pounds Ten Shillings and Five Pence. The Clerk received in Gratuities Seventy-six Pounds One Shilling; which, with his Salary from the Uffier, made One liun- £n*-1 dred Twenty-six Pounds One Shilling. As Yeoman Usher, lie received in Gratuities Twenty-three Pounds Two Shillings and Six Pence; which, with the Payment from the Uffier, produced Fifty-nine Pounds Ten Shillings and Nine Pence; together, One hundred Eighty- £ i?s- five Pounds Eleven Shillings and Nine Pence; from which there was no Deduction. Hence the Gross Expence of this Office was Five thousand Five hundred £ 5.sr- »$. 5I Thirty-seven Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Five Pence *6?. Farthing: The Nett, Four thousand Nine hundred and £ 4*905-* Five Pounds Two Shillings and Two Pence: The Public contributed One thousand and Seven Pounds Six £ I,c°7-s Shillings and Eight Pence Farthing; the Civil List,

Four thousand Two hundred Eighty-five Pounds Nine- £w$$- u-4* teen Shillings and Four Pence; and Individuals, Two £*44*9 s-hundred Forty-four Pounds Nine Shillings and Five Pence.

By the Return transmitted to us from the Office of the N° 63.

Pay mailers of Exchequer Bills, and from the Examination of Nathaniel Baricell, Esquire, one of the Pay- NB 64. mailers, we obtained the Information following:

This Office is executed by Three Pay mailers, a Comptroller, an Accountant, a Cashier, and Two Clerks; to which are added a Housekeeper and Messenger, and occasiona! Assistant Clerks. The Pay mailer, the Comptroller, and the Housekeeper, are appointed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, by Constitution, during Pleasure; the rest of the Officers are appointed by the Paymasters themselves. This Office is distinguished from the reil, in that the Officers, as well as Clerks, are all paid by Salaries only. No Fee or Gratuity whatever is taken by any of them, except a small annual Fee of Two Pounds Seven Shillings, allowed the Accountant for making up his Yrear's Account. Each Paymaster has an annual Salary of Two hundred ‘ Eighty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence, which has not varied finco the Year 1736: Me pays for himself and Clerks Thirty-four Pounds Three Shillings and Four Pence for Taxes; which reduce it to Two hundred Forty-nine Pounds Three Shillings £ 249- 3-4-and Four Pence. The Comptroller's Salary is Three £. 35o. hundred and Fifty Pounds a Year; reduced, by the Payment of Forty-one Pounds Ten Shillings for.

Taxes, to Three hundred and Eight Pounds Ten Shil- £ 3°s-I#* lings. The Salaries of the rest are paid clear of Deductions, as stated in the Return: Ail of them logetiu r amount to One thousand Six hundred and Twenty £ 1,620. Pounds: which is paid out of Public Funds.

From

z 2 Geo. lit

i* 65.

I- 169. 17. 7.

66.

C- *»79* 4- 7-

£ M7* 7-

tf* 67.

*»5*9- l6- 6i-7S»863- >9- 3i-

5,>7SI. »* 5i-£. 8,008. o. sj. ;. 11,929. is- 3-;. 3,867. i*. si-

i to Pebruafii Jit

From the Account of the contingent Expences of into the Exchequer; this Acquittance has various For- Sixth Report this Office, they were One hundred Sixty-nine Pounds malities, all calculated to prevent the Possibility of a Seventeen Shillings and Seven Pence, paid also by the Forgery, by which the Accountant might, on passing pubiic Ac* Public; so that the Gross Expence of this Office to the his Accounts, be discharged of a Sum he never paid. counts'. Public, was One thousand Seven hundred Ninety-two The 'Feller is obliged, as soon as he receives Money,

Pounds Four Shillings and Seven Pence; the Nett Pro- to transmit the Bill by which he charges himself with duce to the Officers was One thousand Four hundred that Receipt, through the Pipe into the Tally Court; Seventy-eight Pounds Seven Shillings. where the following Officers attend; ift, The Tally

That the total Amount of the Expences attending thp Writer; who is the Officer of the Auditor, and takes receiving and issuing of the Public Money at the Re- an Account of the Sunt, and writes it on both Sides of ceipt of His Majesty's Exchequer may appear at one the Tally delivered to him, with the Sum cut upon it.

View, we have subjoined in the Appendix an Account in Notches by the Tally Cutter, of the Totals of the Gross and Nett Receipt by the 2dly, The Clerk of the Introilus; who is the Officer Officers and Clerks in each of these Branches of the of the Pells, and records the Receipt: And, 3dly, The Exchequer, with the Deductions paid thereout during Two Deputy Chamberlains on the Receipt Side; who the Year 1780: From whence it appears, that the Gross split the Tally* examine and compare the Two Parts Sum received by all of them in Salaries, Fees, and with each other, and with the Entry made by the Clerk Gratuities, was Eighty-two thousand Five hundred and of the Introitus. The Tally is delivered to the Ac-Nineteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Six Pence Three countant; the Foil is delivered to, and kept by, the Farthings; and the Nett Sum Seventy-five thousand Deputy Chamberlains on the Court Side, until the Ac-Eight hundred Sixty-three Pounds Niueteen Shillings countant, being about to pass his Accounts, brings to and Three Pence Farthing: That Fifty-one thousand them the Account of his Payments into the Exchequer,

Seven hundred Fifty-one Pounds Eighteen Shillings and with the Tallies: These Chamberlains examine the Ac-Five Pence Farthing was paid by the Public; Eight count, join the Tallies with the Foils, mark both, cer-thousand and Eight Pounds and Five Pence Halfpenny, tify upon the Account that the Tallies are received and out of the Civil List; Twenty-two thousand Nine hun- joined, deliver back his Account to the Accountant, dred Twenty-nine Pounds Fifteen Sniffings and Three keep the Foil in the Office, and fend the Tally to the Pence by Individuals; and Three ihouftmd Eight hun- Clerk of the Pipe. In this Operation Nine Persons dred Sixty-seven Pounds Twelve Shillings and Five are concerned.

Pence Farthing for Taxes. It is undoubtedly true, that the Public Revenue can-

Such is the State of the Salaries, Fees, and Gratui- not be too safely guarded against Fraud of every Kind; ties; and such the Authority under which theyare paid but if a Mode of Receipt can be substituted, similar to and received in these Offices: But the Act enjoins us a what is praftifod in other Offices, equally secure, and still farther Duty; it commands us, " to report such at but little Expence; such a Mode demands AtteaRegulations, as, in our Judgment, shall appear ex- tion.

pedient to be established, in order that the Duties, If, instead of the Tally Court, the Clerks of the Au- Taxes, and Monies granted, received, and appro- ditor, and of the Pells, were to attend the Office of the <c priated for the Public Service of this Kingdom, may Tellers, as the Bank Clerk does now, and take an " hereafter be received and issued in the Manner the Account of the Sums, as they are received; if an inmost beneficial and advantageous to the Public," dented Check Receipt of each Sum was made out,

Regulations to this End have, in the Progress of this compared with the Entries, and marked with an Intra-Inquiry, offered themselves to our Judgment: Regula- tur by the one Officer, and a Recordatur by the other; lions tending to introduce that System of drift Eco- if this Receipt was produced with the Account, before nomy in the Administration of the Public Revenue, it is passed and examined with the Counterfoil, and the -which the Legislature has by tlje Act determined to be Account compared with the Entries in the Office, either necessary. By drift Economy we apprehend, is not of the Auditor, or the Pells, and the Truth of it cer-meant such as either derogates from the Honour tified by that Officer; a Check thus fenced, seems to and Dignity of the Crown, or abridges the Servant of be as effectually secured against Forgery as the Tally, is the Public of the due Reward of his industry and Abi- a Mode more limple, and can be transacted by a single lities; we mean an Economy that fleers between ex- Clerk. Nor is this Check unknown in the Exchequer; treme Parsimony on the one Hand, and Profusion on the Bills that are issued every Year to a great Amount, the other; that is confident with Justice as well as both in Number and Value, are guarded by the Check Prudence; that gives to all their full Due, and to none Indenture and Counterfoil.

more; that supports every useful and necessary Efta- The other Business of this Office may, without In* bIishment, butcutsoff and reduces every superfluous and jury to the Public, be easily transferred elsewhere: The redundant Expence. Some Regulations, built upon the Culiody of One of the Keys to the Tellers Chests, the Principle of Economy thus defined, have for their Ob- Number of which ought not to be diminiffied, may be jects, the Offices, the Officers and their Emoluments. committed to the Auditor; and the Custody of the An Office of the highest Antiquity, that hasfubfifted Standard Weights and Measures, and of the Standard for Ages under its present Form; that has the Receipt Pieces of Gold and Silver, causing little Trouble, and and Custody of the Public Treasure, upon the due that but seldom, to any other Office in the Exche-Administration of which depends the national -Credit quer.

and Safety of the Realm $ an Office of such a Descrip- Seeing, therefore, no Utility accruing to the Public

tion is entitled to the utmost Respect, and Alterations in from the Office of the Chamberlains, beyond the La-

its Establishment should be well weighed, and proposed hour of a Angle Clerk, but, on the contrary, a consider-

with Caution and Diffidence: But, as a Change in the able Charge incurred annually, in supporting Two

Manners, Customs, and, above all, in the Finances of Chamberlains, and a Tally Cutter, Three Sinecures,

this Nation, since the Origin of this Office, together at the Expence, in the Year 1780, of One thousand £

with peculiar Circumstances of the Times, may render Four hundred and Twelve Pounds Two Shillings and

Regulations necessary, we have judged it a Part of our Ten Pence; and the whole Office at the Expence of

Duty to examine into the Receipt of the Exchequer, Three thousand and Sixty-four Pounds Nine Shillings £ 3»o64- 9- *

with a View to economical Reform. and Six Pence; we are of Opinion, that Public Pru*

The Office of the Chamberlains of the Exchequer, dence requires the Suppression of this Office, and the however important in ancient Times, is, at this Day, Substitution of another Kind of Receipt in the Place of occupied principally in the Business of the Tally; which the Tally.

is the official Acquittance to Persons paying Money The chief, if not the only, present Duty of the Uiher,

Vol. 38. ST is

r

n° Februarii. A. 1782.

<ixth Report is to supply the Treasury and Exchequer with Stationary of Commit- and Turnery Ware, and a Variety of other Articles, Public Ac- an*l Exchequer with Coals, and to provide Work-

count*; men for certain Repairs; he is, as it were, a Factor to

these Offices for particular Necessaries; on all which he has a Profit. The Amount of the Four Liberates, which contained all the Articles provided by him, with £ *4>44®* j. 6. the Bills for Repairs in the Year 1780, was Fourteen thousand Four hundred and Forty Pounds Three Shillings and Six Pence; out of which the Profits to the £. 5>*s» s.o Ullier were Five thousand Two hundred Fifty-two Pounds Eight Shillings and Four Pence: So that, "fupnofing all these Articles could have been purchased, and the Repairs done, ascheap without the Intervention of the Usher (and no Reason appears why they might £ '4.440.3.6. not) the Public paid Fourteen thousand Four hundred ' and Forty Pounds Three Shillings and Six Pence for

t-9»i*7-15- what were really worth but Nine thousand One hundred Eighty seven Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Two Pence; that is, near Forty per Cent, more than they would

have paid, had no such Office existed as that of the

U flier.

As whatever is wanted for Public Use should bepur-

chafed at the First Hand, and at as cheap a Rate as may be, we think it necessary for the Public Interestthat the Office of the Usher of the Exchequer should bedifcontinued, as expensive and unnecessary; and that every principal Officer should procureall Articles requisitefor his own Department, and for that Purpose be paid by the Public an annual Allowance proportioned to the Wants of his Office; a Method now practised in the

Paymaster General's, and in various other Offices.

The Teller's is One Office, at the Head of which are placed Four Officers, independent of each other, each presiding over his own distinct Division, but none of

them contributing to the Execution of any Part of the

Business. It is expedient, that in an Office of this Importance, some Person of Rank and Responsibility should preiide, to superintend, direct, and control the Execution, with an Appointment adequate to his Consequence and Station in the official Scale, leaving to subordinate Officers and Ministers the laborious Detail of the Execution; but no Advantage is derived to the Public from placing Four inoperative Officers at the

Head of this One Office.

Judging then as we muff do, solely by the Rule of

Public Frugality, and supposing the Nation to Hand in need of every practicable Retrenchment, and consequently to require the Reduction of every useless and expensive Office, we are led neeeffarily to conclude, that, as the Public Service receives no Assistance or Advantage from the Labours of the Tellers, and the Public Treasure will find a considerable Increase from

their Emoluments, the Public Interest requires their Number should be reduced.

Whatever Reasons there may be for continuing the se, and other Offices mentioned above; whether drawn from Policy or Expedience; as a Resource for the Reward of Services, in Preference to Pensions; or from Justice, for continuing them during the Lives of the present Possessors only, in Favour of the Rights of private Property; or whether it would be proper to change ' them again from Offices for Life to Offices during Plea-

sure; nil these are Topicks not within the Limits of our Commission, but for the Discussion of the Legislature; whose Deliberations comprehend Arguments drawn from every Source. — But, in whatever Shape they may be permitted to continue, every Reason of Prudence demands the Reduction of their Emoluments, from an Excess to a reasonable limited Standard.

There are likewise in this Office of the Tellers Four Officers, under the Denomination of Second Clerks, who are merely nominal, without Attendance, without Business, Care, or Trouble; but they have Fees, and to no inconsiderable Amount: In the Year 1780, the Total <£ s ns.* 4. of them was Five thousand Five hundred and Eighteen

Pounds Eight Shillings and Four Pence, and were either paid to, or to the Use of the Persons named to these Offices, or increased the Profits of the Tellers themselves. Whatever Pretensions a superior Officer may have to an Exemption from Duty and Service, a Sinecure is repugnant to the Idea of the Condition of a Clerk in Office, and therefore we are of Opinion, that common Sense requires the Suppression of the Offices of the Second Clerks to the Tellers.

We have ranged the Emoluments of these Offices, under the Heads of Salaries,‘Fees, and Gratuities.

From our Examination into the State of the Salaries, many of them appear to be made up of a Vaiiety, and sometimes of very small Payments, arising out of different Funds; of the inferior Clerks, several pay over, either the Whole, or Portions of their Salaries, or Fees, to increase the Profits of other Clerks; all which is contrary to that Simplicity and Regularity that ought to be observed in every Office, and may be easily corrected by a Regulation we shall hereafter propose.

The Fees are either Sums paid for transacting particular Kinds of official Business, or a Poundage: The First Sort of Fees fall, in many Cafes, very heavy upon Individuals; in some Cafes they fall upon the Public:

It would be much for the Benefit of both, as well as for the Honour of Government, that all Persons employed in the Public Service, and who mufl of Necessity have llecourse to Offices for Instructions, Instruments, and other official Business essential to the Execution of their Employments, should be furnished with all necessary Materials, and have their Business done in every Office without Fee or Reward: The Regulation herein after suggested, will, if adopted, be attended with this good Effect.

The Poundage is the most fruitful Source of Fees to 1

mod of the superior, and to some of the inferior Officers; it is a Payment, after some certain Rate in the Pound, upon the Sum received, or issued, or contained in some official Instrument made out in the Office and delivered to the Person applying.

In ancient Times, when the Transaction was an actual Delivery of Money, and that Money confiiled of Coin of various Denominations and Value, and possibly dipt, i

or of doubtful Weight, the Trouble and Attention of the Person employed in the Receipt or Payment increased with the Sum; and therefore the Poundage was a Mode of Reward that bore a Proportion to the Labour: But in these Times, when all Money Transactions are carried on, not by the Medium of Cash, not by the Tale or Weight of current Coin, but by the Substitution of Paper, by Calli Notes, Drafts, or Bills to any Amount; since the clear and cor.cife Method of the Debtor and Creditor Account has been so universally introduced to Practice, an Increase in the Magnitude of the Sums, though to a vast Amount, is the Addition of a few Figures, or of a few Entries, only; and the Increase of Trouble arising from it is too inconsiderable to be estimated. The Examination of Mr. Cow per, who attends daily at the Exchequer on the Part of the Bauk, thews us with what Ease, Perspicuity, and Exactneis, the various and most extensive Receipts and Payments of the Public Revenue are transacted there, by the Intervention of the Bank, with whom the principal Offices of Receipt, and several of the greater Accountants, keep their Cash: The Transactions there, of each Day, are carried on, not in Coin told or weighed by the Tellers, but by the Interchange of Cash Notes, or by the bare Entries of the Sums received and paid; and that Account being made up when the Traufuctions of the Day are finiflted, the Balance only is either taken out of, or deposited in, the Teller's Chests, in Exchequer Bills, or labelled Bags of Caff), according as that Balance turns out in Favour of, or against the Bank.

Besides this Facility in conducting Money Transactions, a Course of Years has introduced, and very rapidly within these few Years, another Alteration, raoli

fonfibly

22 Geo. IIL

I i° Febru.

713

sensibly felt in this Payment by Poundage. In its first Establishment, the Revenue of this Kingdom was not considerable, and the Profits of the Poundage exceeded not the Earnings of the Officer; but in these later Times, the Necessities of the State have required a Revenue far beyond the Imagination of our Ancellors. In the Year under our Contemplation, the Receipt of the 3*»8h,i95- Exchequer was Thirty-one Million Eight hundred Twenty-one thousand One hundred Ninety-five 30.384.t3s. Pounds; the Issue, Thirty Million Three hundred Eighty-four thousand Eight hundred Thirty-eight

i6,coo,#oo.

Pounds: On near Sixteen Million, was a Poundage paid to different Branches of that Office, amounting, as f® much of it as we could extract from the Returns, and

£.'62,125. which is not the Whole, to Sixty-two thousand Two hundred Twenty-five Pounds; of which much the greatest Part was paid to Officers for transacting either I. 70. very bttle, or no Business at all. The Total of the Emoluments accruing in that Year to the ineffective £.45.33*. Officers of the Exchequer, amounted to Forty-five thousand Three hundred and Thirty-two Pounds.

But the Excess of this Poundage reaches beyond the superior Class; it swelled the Profits of a Angle Officer, not the Principal in the Department, to a Sum nearly equal to what supported an entire Office of equal Expenditure for the whole Year. The nett actual Receipt of the Cashier alone, in the Pay Office of the Army, was 7,i7S- '9- 6* Seven thousand One hundred Seventy-five Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Six Pence: The nett Receipt of the £ 7.938- whole Pay Office of the Navy, was Seven thousand Nine hundred Thirty-eight Pounds; and it would have been inferior to that of the Cashier, had he at the Time of his Examination received the Whole of his Income for that Year.

Since then, on the one Hand, the Improvements of the Age have taken away the Foundation upon which this Species of Reward was built, it is but reafotiable the Superftru&ure should fall with it; and, on the other Haud the Exigencies of the Age having converted what was designed to be the Reward of Industry, into the Means of rendering some Offices lucrative to Excess, and of supporting others that are useless to the Public,

the Subject has a Right to be relieved of that Burthen; and therefore we are of Opinion, that all Poundage Fees,

of every Kind soever, should be suppressed and totally abolished: And of this Opinion was the Privy Council; who, by their Order in the Year 169.5, above alluded to,

- shewed their Scnfe of a Poundage, by directing it, in Instances therein mentioned, to be suppressed in the Office of the Treasuror of the Navy.

The remaining Head is that of Gratuities; a Species . of Emolument very liable to Abuse: It may be a Re-1 ward for Civility, Favour, or extra Service; it may be all'o the Purchase of undue Preference, Expedition, and, in some Cafes, of Procrastination; flowing, at first, from the Liberality of Opulence, the (Mentation of Vanity, or the Design of Cunning, it very soon assumes the . Name of Custom, and becomes a Claim, submitted to, to avoid the Imputation of Meanness, and frequently to the great Inconvenience of contracted Circumstances: Nor is it confined to Individuals only; the Public pay

- their Share: In the Payments out of the Deductions of . Twelve Pence in the Pound, there are Two Articles,

r 6 ia 8. tnaking Six hundred Fifty-three Pounds Twelve Shillings and Eight Pence, distributed by the Paymaster General of the Forces in Gratuities: The Public Voice unites with that of individuals, in demanding a Suppression of a Species of Emolument so easily perverted to Purposes injurious to the interest of both.

But there is One other Sort of Gratuity that requires particular Observation; that is, what is paid to the Officers and Clerks in the Pay Office of the Navy and Army, for carrying on and making up the Accounts of the Treasurer and Paymaster General after their Re-iignation. It should fe<-in, that in every Office of Accounts, the Balancing the Books every Year, and as soon Vol. 38.

aspoffible after the Expiration of that Year; is a Duty s:*th Report incumbent upon the Persons employed in that Office; or Difficulty, Consulion, and Ignorance of the real State pubi;c Ac„ of their Accounts, muift ensue; it is an essential Part of counts, their constant Yearly Business, for which their Annual Stipends are or should be an adequate Reward; and the presiding Officer is bound to see that this Business is done: But in these Two Offices a-different System has prevailed: During the Time the Treasurer or Paymaster General has continued in Office, not One of his Year's Accounts has been ever made up; and it has been the Interest of the Officers not to make them up; if they had, it must have beers considered as Part of their official Business, and paid for by their yearly Emoluments; but; by delaying it for Ten or Fifteen Years, they crave, on the Ground of Custom, and obtain of the Treasury, a special Allowance for this Business, as for extra Service they were not bound to perform. The final Accounts of Lord Holland, ending in June 1765, are at length near

being closed; and the Treasury Allowance for making them up has been craved and allowed: This recent Transaction, completed since the issuing our Precept for an Account of these Allowances, consists of the Memo- N* rial to the Treasury by the acting Executor of Lord

71*

72.

Holland-, the Distribution of Eleven thousand Three £11.3*0. hundred and Twenty Pounds amongst the Officers, and the Sum of Three thousand Six hundred Sixty-live C 3.665.10.6. Pounds Ten Shillings and Six Pence for incidental Charges, craved by the Memorial; and His Majesty's N* 73. Warrant authorizing these Allowances. If the Profits of this Office last Year equalled the Profils of the preceding Year, as they probably did, the Addition of this Allowance would have increased the actual nett Receipt of the whole Office to Thirty-four thousand Eight hun- £ 34.881.1. % . dred Eighty-one Pounds One Shilling and Eight Pence, and that of the Cashier only to Nine thousand Eight £ 9.8*5.19.6. hundred Twenty-five Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Six Pence, and, if he had received all his Fees, to Eleven „039 JS thousand and Thirty-nine Pounds Fifteen Shillings.

The Memorial states " these Accounts to be intricate " and voluminous, and to amount to above Forty-five £ 43.900*00.

" Million Nine hundred thousand Pounds; notwithstanding which, they have been made up by the Of-, " ficers and Clerks mentioned in the Distribution, without any Expence to the Public for additional Assistance or Allowance." If they have been made up in the Course of these last Years, the Load of annual current Business in this Office, during the Time of Lord Holland, could have been no Impediment to their being made up at that Time, or soon after his Resignation, and with much greater Ease, whilst the Transactions were recent and fresh in their Memories.

There still remain to be made up the Accounts of Third Report, n°9. Four Treasurers of the Navy, to the Amount of Fifty- £-58,944.5*8. eight Million Nine hundred Forty-four thousand Five hundred Eighty-eight Pounds; and of Three Paymaf- Fourth Report, n» ij. ters General of the Forces, amounting to Four Million £.4,666,879.

Six hundred Sixty-six thousand Eight hundred Seventy-

five Pounds; exclusive of the Treasurer and Paymaster

General in Office, to the First of whom has been issued. Third Report, n*?.

to the 30th of September 1780, Sixteen Million Seven £. 16,781,417.

hundred Eighty-one thousand Two hundred Seventeen

Pounds, and to the latter, to the End of the same Year,

Forty-three Million Two hundred Fifty-three thousand £ 43,153.911-Nine hundred and Eleven Pounds, and not One Year's Account of either'are completed: So that of the Mo- N® 74. ney issued to the Navy, Seventy-five Million Seven hun- £. 75,7*51*05. dred Twenty-five thousand Eight hundred and Five Pounds; and of the Money issued to the Army, Forty- £.47,9*0,786. seven Million Nine hundred Twenty thousand Seven hundred Eighty-six Pounds; together. One hundred £ 1*3.646.591-Twenty-three Million Six hundred Forty-six thousand Five hundred Ninety-one Pounds (not including Ten £. 10,647,188. Million Six hundred Forty-seven thousand One hundred N4 Eighty-eight Pounds, issued to the Navy, and Eight £. t, 111,000. Million One hundred Twenty-one thousand Pounds to

the

?i 4

110 Februarii. A. 1782.

&xth Report the Army, to the Etui of the last Year)' is as yet unac-fio^erTof^ Counted for; and for the making up of these Accounts, Public Ac# if this Custom is suffered to continue. Nine more Gra-ouh». tuities are to be craved of the Public. How much then does it behove them that this Evil should be corrected !. an Evil that furnishes another weighty Reason, in Addition to those urged in our former Reports, for proceeding immediately to bring forward the long Arrears in the Accounts of these Offices, in order for their speedy Completion.

Having'thusr Rated the Mischiefs attending the present Establishment, both to the Public and Individuals, and the Reasons for abolishing the multifarious Emoluments, by which these Offices are now supported, it remains for us to propose such a Regulation as appears best calculated to avoid the like Mischiefs, and most beneficial to the Public Service.

We areof Opinion, that in the Place of all these Salaries, Fees, and Gratuities, there should be substituted and annexed to each of these Offices, of whatever Rank or Denomination, One certain Salary, paid to the Officer by the Public Quarterly, and free of all Deductions; this Salary should be an ample Corapensation for the Service required; and the Quantum estimated by the various Qualifications and Circumstances necessary for the Execution, and which together form the Title to Reward.

By this Regulation, the Officer will know hislncome, the Public will know their Expence; and Uniformity and Equality will be introduced in the Provisions for Officers of equal Rank and Station in similar Offices. The Industry of some Persons requires the Spur of Profits continually flowing in, or the Hopes of Increase others prefer the Certainty of a known, sure Income, paid at Rated Times: No Arrangement can salt the Dif-positions or Occasions of all Men; but Time and Usage ' will soon reconcile ore reasonable Rule, extended through these Departments of Government.

Notwithstanding this Regulation throws upon the Public the whole Expence of these Offices, which are at present supported in Part by Individuals, yet, by adopting it, that whole Expence will become less than the Sum it now costs the Public; for that Sum is so great, as to afford every liberal Salary, and yet leave no inconsiderable Saving: Not that this is the only Saving pro--posed by the Regulation; the Public at present bear a much greater Share of the Burthen than is obvious at the First View: Besides Fees and Gratuities paid by Public Offices, and refunded to them out of Public Money, many Payments, though made by Individuals, are charged by them ultimately to the Account of the Public. For InRance, the Contractor, when he calculates the Terms upon which he may safely engage with Government, must eRimate every Article of Profit and Loss, consequential to his Bargain; to the Account of the latter, he places all his Charges, and amongR them, the long Catalogue of Fees, certain and uncertain; the first he knows, the last he will calculate not to his own Disadvantage; and if, by them, he can procure Credit, or Preference, or Expedition, he will charge them to Government at their full Price; If this Head of various Expences was blotted out of his Column of Charges, by so much would the Terms of his Contraft be more favourable to the Public.

But, besides this, so very various and extensive are the Operations of Government, that the Number of Persons employed in their Service constitute a very considerable Body of the People; and their Relief is a Pub* lie Concern. If, by discharging an Office, at present paid by a Salary from those Fees and Deductions to which it is now subject, that Salary should become greater than the Office ought in Reason to have annexed to it, it may easily be regulated and reduced to its proper Standard.

We have said, the Salary should be paid free of alt U

Deductions; that is, as far as is confident with the Laws in being. The Salaries and Fees of Office are at present subject, by Three Acts of Parliament, to the Land Tax, the Sixpenny, and the One Shilling Duties; whoever takes a View of the above State of the official Profits, will not wonder they should he deemed by the Legislature a fit Subject of Taxation; and, under the Syften* then in Use, no other Mode of Taxation could well be contrived but that adopted in those Acts, though attended with Inequality, and, in many Cafes, with Hardship; had One known Salary been at. that Time the Pay of Office, and the Neeeflities of the State required the Aid of every Subject, in Proportion to his Faculties, it is possible a Diminution of the Salary, before it issued, might have appeared a more eligible, more equal, and less expensive Mode of Taxation, than paying it entire out of the Exchequer, and then bringing back again a Part of it, delayed and defalcated by a Variety of Deductions in its Circuit; but, as it is, the Sums at present aflVfled upon these Offices mufi continue to be paid -r because, otherwise, in the Land Tax, it will occasion a Deficiency in the Sum to be raised by that Division in which the Office is assessed; and in the other Duties, it will diminish the Funds created by those Acts, and conseqpently, the Security of the Creditors upon those Funds. The Land Tax and Duties are now paid by the Officers, at stated Times, to the Collectors and Receivers: If the Mode of Payment by a clear Salary is adopted, the Total Sum, now assessed upon all the Officers in One Office, tnay Rill continue to be paid as One Sum, in like Manner, out of the same Fund with, the Salaries themselves.

We have said, the Salaries should be annexed to the Office; it ought to be a full and competent Recorn pence for the Execution, and no more; the Whole of it ought to be paid to the Person who executes, independent of the Officer who presides, but who should Rill retain the same Power of Appointment, and the same Control, that he now exercises over the inferior Officer. Where the Profits exceed what the Officer is in Reason entitled to, the Overplus should be abolished, and the Public reap the Benefit, not a Person who earns no Part of it.

In the Pay Office of the Army, some of the Offices of the Deputy Paymasters Abroad are Sinecures: Though Deputies themselves, they execute these Offices by their Deputies; being themselves engaged in very different Employments under Government.

Inffances are not wanting, in all these Offices, to warrant this Regulation of Payment by a Salary: The Treasurer of the Navy, and his Paymaster, the Paymaster General of the Forces, the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills, and their Officers, are all paid by Salaries only; and why the same Rule may not be extended to the rest no sufficient Reason has hitherto occurred to us. It might seem too sanguine, to iuggeft how far this Rule may be applied to other Offices, without a previous Examination into* their peculiar Circumstances; and yet the Advantage it holds out to the Public, its Simplicity, and Aptitude to be accommodated to all Offices, however distinguished, afford great Reason to believe it may be applied to every Department of Government.

The Principle of Economy, by which we have been guided, has led us to the Conclusions we have formed, and the Regulations we have submitted to the Wisdom of Parliament; Conclusions ftri6Hy deduced from that, Principle; and Regulations made necessary by the pressing Exigencies of the Times.

Office of Accounts, Guy Car Id on, (L. S.V

Surrey Street, T. Anguish, (L. S.)

9th February 17^2. A. Piggott, (L. $.)

Rick1 Neave, (L. S.)

Sam1 Beaekcroft\ (L. S.)

Geo. Drummond, (L. S.)

APPENDIX

22 Geo. III.

i i Fehrttariu

7*5

APPENDIX.

Account of the Sum Total of the Fees paid by the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces at the Exchequer, for the Year 1780; distinguishing the Fees paid for the Ordinary Service from those paid for the Extraordinary ones. Prepared pursuant to a Precept from the Commissioners of Accounts, dated the 26th of 1781.

Fees paid at the Exchequer, at irff. per£. onThree million Three hundred Thirty-two thousand Nine hundred Fifty-six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Six Pence Halfpen 113', being so much received for the Ordinary Services of the Army, from the 31 It of December 17 79 to the 31 ft of December £. s. 1780 - - - - 20,830 19 ii

Fees paid at D®, at 1 d. per /. on Four million Four hundred Forty-nine Pounds and One Halfpenny; being so much received for the Extraordinary Services of D°, from D' to D* - 18,367 6 n

£-39*9* 6 10

Chef

Pay-Office, Horse Guards,

6th July 1781.

N° 2.

Treasury Office of the Navy, in Broad

6th August 1781.

tn pursudnee of a Precept from the Commissioners for examining, taking, aipi Hating the Public Accounts,

the underwritten and enclosed contain the exact State Sixth Report of the Salaries, Fees, and Gratuities, received by the of Commil-Officers and Clerks in the Office of the Treasurer of of His Majesty's Navy, from the 24th December 1779 to Account*, the 25th December 1780; with the Amount thereof received by each Officer and Clerk during the said Period; viz*.

The Treasurer of the Navy hath an annual Salary of £. 2,000. He hath no Fee or Gratuity; and received, from 24th December 1779 to 25th December 1780, nett jf. 1,850.

The annual Salary of the Treasurer of the Navy's . Paymaster, Andrew Douglas, Esquire, is £.500; and he received, from 24th December 17 79^0 25th December 1780, nett ^.462. io; but no Fee or Gratuity.

That £. .500 was the old Salary, and re-confirmed by Order in Council Anno 1699. Since 1756 the Payr mailer does the Work of Cashier and Accomptant, without Allowance for or Benefit from it. Neither has he any Allowance or Benefit for soliciting, receiving, and paying, all the Monies for the Marine Service; which became an additional Branch of his Duty, on the Marines being placed under the Direction of my Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty.

The enclosed Paper, N° 1, is the Account of tha Salaries, Fees, and Gratuities, received by the respective Clerks in the Cashier's Brauch; N° 2, what has been received by the Clerks in the Paj'master's Branch; and N° 3, what has been received by the Clerks in the Victualling Branch of the Treasurer's Office.

All the above Accounts are prepared and signed by the chief Clerks in each Branch, by Order of the Right honourable Welbore Ellis, Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, pursuant to the Precept before-mentioned.

Andreio Douglas,

Paymaster to the Treasurer of the Navy;

Treasury Office of the Navy, in Broad Street, 6th August, 1781. CASHIER'S BRANCH.

— . — H PerfoBS Nones. Nett Salary. Extra Service. Entering Letters of Attorney, Wills, £c. Telling Money at the Bank at 55. per Mill. Odd Pence. Total Sum received.

John Slade, Senior £. s. 78 - d. 96 5 — 74 19 — 1 249 4 — 1

Francis Cooke, - - 78 — — tog n — 187 11 —

William Smyth, - 78 - — 64 I 19 4 6 - - - 161 5 6

Edward Clarke, - - - 5° — — - «a 18 9 6 - - - 68 9 6

Wm J. Meredith; died lft November 1780, 4.2 4 10 13 9 6 — — 55 14 4

John Davies, - - 50 - 412 6 46 17 6 69 14 — 171 4

John Slade, Junior - - 5° " - - 22 12 6 ... 72 12 6

Christopher Cooke, - - - 50 - - tl l3 — - - - 61 13 —

John CreJfxaeU,appointed 2d November 178°, 7 *5 2 - - " - - - 3 10 — - - - 1152

John Slade.

N. B. The several Sums speeifled under the Head of Odd Pence, are a Perquisite arising from the Inconvenience of making Payments in Copper; and which, to prevent any Loss to the Crown or the Treasurer, are appropriated to the Use of making good Over-payments, unavoidably happening in the Hurry and Confusion of greet IffiieS of Money.

The Clerks who tell Money at the Bank, are accountable for every Loss arising either from short Tale, Weight, or Counterfeit Coin.

Treasury Office of the Navy, in Broad Street, 6th August 1781.

PAYMASTER'S BRANCH.

There are no Fees or Gratuities authorized or demanded; but, for want of Copper, it has for Time immemorial been customary, in paying the Wages of Officers and Seamen, and of Artificers in His Majesty's Dock Yards, to retain the Pence under Six Pence; and in respect of the latter, particularly the Notes which the Clerk of the Cheque gives to the Workmen, to specify the Amount of their respective Wages, always leave out such Pence. This has ever been considered as a Fund for making good Over-payments, and other Mistakes that - Vol. 38. 8 U must

7 16 i'i ° . 1782.

Sixth Report must unavoidably happen, where Business is carried on in the extreme Hurry in which these Payments are usually tnade; the Consequences of which always fall on the Clerks who make them; and also in discharging the Expences Public attending the Payments of the Yards. When the Sums to be paid are very small, instead of taking the odd Accounts. Pence, they are generally increased to Six Pence in favour of the Party.

It has likewise, for Time immemorial, been usual for Chaplains, Surgeons, and Pursers, or their Agents, to make a small Compliment or Acknowledgment to the Clerks, who at their Risk, and at extra Hours, adjust their respective Four Pences, Two Pences, and Venereal Cures, and Tobacco-Money; this Perquisite is entirely at the Option of the Officer, and has for many Years past been reduced to about Half of what was originally given.

The Allowance of Extra, is for attending Payments, and making up Ships and Yard Books; and that under the Head of Telling Money, is on Account of doing that Business at the Bank, in which there is always a Riik both in Tale and Weight.

The following Account is compiled with such Exactness, that every Clerk is ready to authenticate the Truth of it in any Manner that may be thought proper.

1 # Salary. Extra Allowance- Odd Pence. Perquisites for custing Defalcations, &c. Telling Money at the Bank. Total.

£. s. d. £ s. d. s. d. £. s. d. 1- s- d. 1 s. d.

Adam Jellicoe - - - 80

Deduct for Sixpence! 5 - - - 2 — '

78 IO7 16 — 98 ‘4 10 20 15 — - 3° 5 5 10

James Lynch - - - 78 128 2 — 132 1 8 12 17 6 - 351 1 2

Robert Radcliffe - - - - 4° I.O9 11 - M9 11 —

James Malpas - - 78 128 2 — i*4 1 10* 3 ° 5 — - 35° 8 io£

William Taylor - - - 40 128 2 — 213 4 — 5° *9 9 - 432 5 9

William Hill - - - 40 124 3 " 128 11 8 12 17 6 - 3°5 12 2

Thomas Parr - - - 40 7 2 9 - - 47 2 9

John Sioajfield - - - 40 128 2 — 2I3 4 — 50 19 9 - 432 5 9

James Slade - - - 50 68 19 "" 105 *7 7 20 15 — - 245 11 7

Charles W. Dilke - - - 50 128 2 — - - - 178 2

William Hulme - - - 50 128 2 — M4 1 io£ 3° 5 — - 322 8 10*

Thomas Farrow - - - - 50 34 7 — 3 10 — 13 9 6 101 6 6

Archd Douglas - - - 50 128 2 — - - - 178 2 —

Joseph Sivaffield - - - 50 9 9 — - - 28 10 6 87 *9 6

Samuel Jellicoe ‘ - - - 50 - - - - II 12 6 61 12 6

Alexr' Trotter 11 12 6 61 12 6

William Kemp, a temporary Assistant

Clerk, at 20 s. per Week

Conductors.

Alexr Lyall - - - - 128 2 — - - - 128 2 —

Heny K. Cranjloun - - - 128 2 — - - - 128 2 —

Wm Seaton - - - " 128 2 — - 128 2 —

Adam Jcllicoe.

VICTUALLING BRANCH. 3d August 1781.

£ d.

George Swqffidd, Cashier, Salary - - - - 150 — —

Taxes deduced 11 5 —

- *38 15 —

Odd Pence arising from the Payment of Victualling Bills - 64 2 9 £. s. d.

----- ----- -- 202 17 9

John Fennell, Chief Clerk, Salary - - . - - - 70 ——

Civil List deduced 1 15 —

68 5 —

Extra for attending the Payments of the Victualling Yard, SCc. - 1010 —

Odd Pence arising from his Payments - - - 23 19 9

Registering Letters of Attorney, Probates of Wills, and Administrations 712 6

----- ----- ----- - no 7 3

Robert Walker, Salary - - - 50 ——

Extra for attending the Pajrments of the Victualling Yard, &c. - 10 10 —

Telling Money at the Bank -

George Fennell, Salary

Telling Money at the Bank

John Swajfield, Junior, Salary

Telling Money at the Bank

Thomas Knowles, a temporary Assistant Clerk, Salary from 7th February to 25th Decemberk 1780, at '

20 s. per Week - 46 28

George Swaffield,

24 z o

50 ——

20 19 —

50 ——

2G 17 —

84 12 6

70 19 —

76 1

7

22 Geo. III. 110 rebr

n-3.

The Examination of the Right ljonourable Wclbore Ellis, Treasurer of the Navy; taken upon Oath, 2 ot h November 1781.

This Examinant faith, That the Treasurer of the Navy is appointed by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, during Pleasure; he is paid au Annual Salary of Two thousand Pounds, voted by Parliament, on the Or-dinary Estimateof the Navy, subject to the Deductions of the One Shilling and Sixpenny Duties, which reduce it to the clear Sum of One thoulan'd Eight hundred and Fifty Pounds; which Sum is paid to him Quarterly, by Bill assigned by the Navy Board upon the Treasurer for Payment, out of the Money received from the Exchequer to pay Salaries. He does not receive for the Execution of the Office of Treasurer of the Navy, any other Salary, Fee, or Gratuity whatever, except the Salary above-mentioned.

The Treasurer appoints all the Officers and Clerks in his Office; he cannot increase the Number voted on the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, without the Approbation of the Navy Beard; an Increase of the Business in the Office this Year, has made an Increase in the Number of Clerks necessary.

IV. Ellis.

Guy Carleton,

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich'1 Neave.

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 4.

The Examination of Andrew Douglas, Esquire, Paymaster to the Treasurer of the Navy; taken upon Oath, the 21 ft and 28th of 1781.

This Examinant faith, That his Salary as Paymaster to the Treasurer of the Navy, is Five hundred Pounds a Year, subject to, the Duties of One Shilling, and of Six Pence ii the/Pound; he receives no Fee or Gratuity whatever for the Execution of his Office. This Annual Sum of Five hundred Pounds is an ancient Sa-> lary belonghg to that Office, and is paid Quarterly, by Bill affigied by the Navy Board upon the Treasurer, to be paid ait of the Fund received to pay Salaries-.. He execute the Office of Cashier and Accountant, without reciving any Salary or Emolument for the fame.

The Sum: paid to the Officers and Clerks by the Treasurer oltheNavy, conlift of Salaries, Extra Service Money, am an Allowance for telling Money at the Bank, and ae all paid by Bills assigned by the Navy or Victualling Joards on the Treasurer for Payment, out of certain Ends specified in the Assignment.-

Andrew Douglas.

Guy Carlton,

T. Anguij,

A. Piggot, .

Rich4 Net e,

Sam1 Beahavft,

Geo. Druunond.

N° 5.

The Lamination of John Slade, Esquire, First Clerl in the Cashier's Branch, in the Office of the Treaurer of the Navy; taken upon Oath, the 3d Aqujl 1781.

This Exannant faith, That his Salary, as First Clerk in the Cashiei's Branch in the Office of the Treasurer of the Navy, is lighty Pounds a Year, subject to the De-Vol. 38.

duftion of Six Pence in the Pound; this Salary has been the same ever sincehe has been in the Office. He has also an Allowance for extra Service, at the Rate of Seven Shillings a Day, for completing those Books called the full Books for Payment of the Ships and Yards; he also detains the odd Pence in the Bills drawn by the Navy and Sick and Hurt Boards, as has been usual ever since he has been in the Office; in the Navy Course, he retains all the odd Pence under a Shilling, which odd Pence are never considered in those Bills when they are negotiated. That the whole Sum received by him for the Profits of his Office, between the 24th December 1779 and 25th December 1780, amounted to Two hundred and Forty-nine Pounds Four Shillings and Three Farthings; that the exact State of the Salaries, Fees, and Gratuities, dated the 6th Instant, signed by him, and transmitted tp this Office, contains the Names of all the Clerks in the Cashier's Branch, and the whole Amount of the Salaries, Fees, and Gratuities, received by each of them during the Period therein mentioned.

John Slade,

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 6.

The Examination of Adam Jellicoe, Esquire, First Clerk in the Office of the Paymaster to the Treasurer of the Navy; taken upon Oath, the 23d and 28th of August 1781.

This Examinant faith, That hisSalaiy, as First Clerk in the Office of the Paymaster to the Treasurer of the Navy, is Eighty Pounds a Year, subject to the Deduction of Six Pence in the Pound: He has, besides his Salary, an extra Allowance, at the Rate of Seven Shillings a Day, for attending Payments of Wages and the Yards, which has been an usual Allowance before, as he has been informed, and ever since he has been in the Office; he has also a Perquisite under the Description of Odd Pence; it has always been customary for all the Clerks employed in the Payment of the Officers, Seamen, and Artificers in the Dock Yard, to retain for their own Use the odd Pence, under Six Pence, in every Payment; in Consideration of which, each Clerk is bound to make good any Mistakes made by him in the Payments; such Mistakes do sometimes happen in the Hurry of Payment: But where the Payments are small, and the Person appears to be an Object, the odd Pence are not deduced, but increased in his Favour to even Money. He has another Perquisite, which is a Gratuity paid by the Chaplains, Surgeons, and Pursers, for calling and paying their several Shares of the Deductions made out of the Seamen's Wages; this Gratuity is usually at the Rate of One Guinea per Cent. The Sum of Three hundred and Five Pounds Five Shillings and Ten Pence is the whole Amount of the Profits for executing the Duties of his Office, received by him between the 24th of December 1779 and the 25th of December 1780. The Lift of the Salaries, Allowances, and other Emoluments, received by the Clerks in the Paymaster's Branch, dated the 6th of August last, signed by him, and transmitted to this Office, contains, as he believes, the Names, Salaries, Allowances, and Emolu. ments, of all the Clerks in that Branch, he having received from every Clerk therein mentioned the Account of the several Sums set against their Names, which Accounts he believes to be true.

Since he came into the Office, above Forty Years ago, the Business having greatly increased, the Number of Clerks in this Branch has been also increased, from Eight to Sixteen, besides a temporary Assistant Clerk; the greatest Number was added in the Year 17 58, when Mr. Grenville's Act passed. The additional Clerks were

appointed

4-

Sixth Report of Connif-iioners of Public Accounts

Sixth Report

J)\ Commis-ioneri of Public Accounts.

718

It* Febrttarii.

A. 1782

appointed by the Treasurer, with the Approbation of the Navy Board.

Adam

Guy Carle Ion,

T. Anguish,

A- Cigga/ty

Rich Weave,

Rami Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* j.

The Examination of George Esquire,

Cashi<*r of the Victualling, in the Office of the Treasurer of the Navy; taken upon Oath, iid and28thof August 1781'.

This Examinant faith, That his Salary, as Cashier of the Victualling, is One hundred and Fifty Pounds a Year, subject to the Duties of One Shilling, and of Six Pence in the Pound, which make a Deduction of Eleven Pounds Five Shillings; this Annual Salary was1 estabfiffied in or about the Year 1700, by the Authority of the Ixirdsof the Admiralty.

The Commissioners of the V ictualling make out Bills of the Salaries of the Officers and Clerks in the Victualling Office Quarterly, and then assign them for Payment upon the Treasurer of the Navy, out of the Fund which arises from old Stores: In this Manner his Salary is paid.

flC has no Fee, Gratuity, or Reward whatever, except what arises from the Payment of a particular Species of Bills, called in the Office Perfect Bills; and in the Payment of whi<ch it was, before he went into the Office, and has since continued to be, the Practice, to deduct, us a Perquisite to the Cashier, the odd Pence above a Shilling, the Cashier charging the odd Pence in the Bill as paid, but in Fact, not paying any Fractions of a Shilling. In Time of Peace, this Perquisite Iras not exceeded Thirty Pounds Annually, but inTime df War it is more; and betwen the 24th of December 1779.and the 25th of December 1780, amounted to Sixty four Pounds Two ShHfings and Nine Pence. There is, to his Knowledge, no other Autliofity for this Deduction, than the Usage of the Office.

That the Account of Salaries. Fees, and Gratuities, dated the 6th of August, signed by him, and transmitted to this Boaird, contains the Names of all the Clerks employed in this Branch, with the Amount of the Salaries, Fees, and Gratuities, received by each of them during the Year 1780. The only Increase that has been made in the Xnmberof Clerks in this Office, for Thirty-five Years, is a temporary Assistant Clerk added foil Year.

Geo. SicaJfield.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Richd Weave,

Sam1 Beachcroft.

N* 8.

The Examination of Mr. Chief Clerk

to the Cashier of the Victualling, in the Office of the Treasurer of the Navy; taken upon Oath, the 28th of August 1781.

This Examinant faith, That he is Chief Clerk <0 the Cashier of the Victualling, in the Office of the Treasurer of the Navy; that the Emoluments of his Office consist of a Salary of Seventy Pounds a Year, subject to a Deduction of Six Pence in the Pound; and of an extra Allowance, amounting last Year to Ten Pounds Ten Shillings; and of the odd Pence, amounting last Year to Twenty-three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Nine Pence; and a Gratuity V6

of Two Shillings and Six Pence for the registering every Letter of Attorney, Probateof a Will, or Letters of Administration, paid by Custom, at the Option of the Party applying, and which amounted last Year to Seven Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six Pence. The Sum Total of the Profits of his Office, receive! by him last Year, was One hundred and Ten Pounds Seven Shillings and Three Pence.

John Fennell.

Guy Carleton,

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Richd Weave,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Gee. Drummond.

N*

The Examination of Mr. Robert Walker, acting Second Clerk under the Cashier of the Victualling, in the Office of the Treasurer of the Navy j taken nponOath, the 22J of August 1781.

This Examinant faith, That heads as Second Clerk under the Cashier of the Victualling, in the Office of the Treasurer of the Navy: His Salary is Fifty Pounds a Year, which he receives without any Deduction whatever; lie believes it was established by the Authority of the Lords of the Admiralty, and ;s the same as it was at the First Appointment of Clerks in that Branch of the Pay Office of the Navy; it is raid Quarterly, by Bill made out by' the Victualling Board, assigned upon the Treasurer of the Navy, out oflhe Fund arising from the Sale of old Stores; he has besides, occasionally, an Allowance of Seven Shillings a Day, when employed upon extra Service, in attending the payment of the Coopers, Labourers, and other Artificers in the Victualling Yard, and the short-allowarce Money to §eamen the Victualling Board appoint the Days of Payment, and make for that Service the Allowance before-mentioned. Upon the Production of the Certificate given to the Clerk, by the Commissioner who prefixed over the Payment, a Bill is made out, and affigred upon the Treasurer for Payment, sometimes out of tie same Fund out of which the Salaries are paid, but m<re generally out of necessary Money. This Allowance does not exceed Ten Pounds Ten Shillings Annualy.

It is a Part of his Duty to attend at the Bank to receive Money for the Payment of His Majesty's Ships and Dock Yards, and, by the Usage of he Office, is accountable for all Deficiencies in the Weght or Tale, for which he has an Allowance of Five Shillings for every Thousand Pounds received. This\llowance is made by the Navy Board, and is paid Giarterly, by Bill afligtied by them on the Treasurer, oit of Money received on the Head of Wages.

Between the 24th of Decemb 1779 an* ^ie 25*h of December 1780, he received on this Accant Twenty-four Pounds Two Shillings and Six Pence. He has no Fee, Gratuity, or Emolument whatever, except what are before-mentioned.

Ro. Walker.

Guy Carleton,

T. Anguijht A. Piggott,

Richd Weave,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 10.

22 Geo. III.

n° Februarii,

N*

10.

719

Sixth Report of Commissioners of Public Accounts.

At the Court at Kensington, the 25th Day of May 1699 >

PRESENT,

The KING'S Most Excellent Majesty,

Lord Archb* of Canterbury, Lord Chancellor,

Lord President,

Lord Privy Seal,

Duke of Norfolk,

Duke of Sclionbergy Earl of Dorset, Earl of Bridgewatery

Earl of Manchester, Earl of Stamford, Earl of Mont ague, Earl of Marlborough, Earl of Scarborough, Earl of Bradford, Earl of Romney,

Earl of Jersey,

Lord Ferrers, Lord Lexingtoiiy Mr. Vice Chamberlain,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Vemony Lord Chief Justice Holt,

Mr, Bofcawen.

Upon reading this Day at the Board, a Proposal for settling the Salary of the Treasurer of the Navy, and of his Iristruments and Clerks, which was as followeth, viz*.

£ s. d.

The Treasurer, - per Annum 2,000 — —

- 5°° ——

To;

His Paymaster,

1 Clerk to attend the Payment of Bills in Course -1 D° to attend the Payment of Victualling Bills 1 Under Clerk to copy Certificates and Entiy Books,

3 Clerks to attend the Payment of Wages, at £. 80. each, 3 Under Clerks for D % at £. 40 each, -The Accountant,

2 Clerks to write Ledgers -2. Under Clerks - -

at £. Jnjj' each ,®°

at 40

80

==}

560 —

400 ——

240 ——

Total per Annum, £.3,700 -

His Majesty in Council is pleased to approve the fame; and, in Regard the Salaries of the Instruments and Clerks are augmented, to order. That for the future no Poundage betaken for all Monies deducted from Seamen for Slop Clothes, Tobacco, Chest at Chatham, and upon Account of dead Men's Clothes, Chaplains, and Surgeons. And* the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury having also presented a Report from the principal Officers and Commissioners of the Navy, wherein they propose. That, for managing the Office of Treasurer of the Navy with greatest Safety to the said Treasurer, and Service to His Majesty, that the Cashier in that Office should make up the Account for the Treasurer; and that the Salaries of the Treasurer, and of his Instruments and Clerks, should be paid by Bills from the Navy Board; and that all Payments relating to the Victualling should be made in the said Treasurer's Office, as by the (landing Rules of the Navy they ought to be; His Majesty in Council is pleased to approve all the said Particulars, and further to order, that the said Rules beobserved in the future Management of the said Office: And the Right honourable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England, are to give all necessary Directions herein accordingly.

A true Copy.

Sleph. Cottrell.

VOL. 38,

X

V 11.

g

cq'

n'

CD

CL

CT

N* u.

An ACCOUNT of the Salaries, Allo wances, and Perquisites, received by each Officer and Clerk in the Office of the Treasurer of the Navy, with the Total Amount thereof, the Sums

paid for Taxes, and the Nett Receipt of each Officer and Clerk, during the Year 1780.

Offices. Names. Salaries. Extra Allowance. Odd Pence. Perquisites for casting Defalcations. Telling Money at the Bank. Entering Letters of Attorney. Total. Taxes. Nett Receipt.

Treasurer, - Right Honb,e Welbore Ellis, 2,000 i . 2,000 — 150 1,850 ___ -

Paymaster, - Andrew Douglas, - - - 500 PAY MASTER' i BRANCl FI. 9 500 -1 — — 37 10 — 462 10 —

Chief Clerk, Adam Jellicoe, - - 80 107 16 — 98 14 10 20 15 — - - 307 5 10 2 3°5 5 10

James Lynch,- - - 80 128 2 — 132 1 8 1217 6 - 353 1 2 2 — — 351 1 2

Robert Radcliffe9 - - 40 109 11 - _ V 149 11 — - - - 149 11 —

James Malpas, - 80 . 128 2 — 114 I iof 3° 5 - 352 8 IO| 2 — — 35° 8 ioi

William Taylor, m 40 128 2 — 213 4 — 5° l9 9 - - - - 432 5 9 432 5 9

William Hill, - - - 40 124 3 — 128 11 8 u 17 6 - ~ - 305 12 2 to _ 305 12 2

Thomas Parr, - to 40 m to 7 2 9 47 2 9 to 47 2 9

Clerks, - - - ! John Szcaffieldy - - 40 128 2 — 213 4 — 5° !9 9 to - 432 5 9 - - - 432 5 9

James Slade, 50 68 19 — 105 17 7 20 15 — to m to to 245 11 7 - - - 245 11 7

Cha' W. Dilke, - JO 128 2 178 2 to to — 178 2

William HulmCy . 50 128 2 114 1 ioi 30 5 — m W - 322 8 roi - - - 322 8 ioi

Thomas Farrowy . - 50 34 7 — 3 10 — to to to !3 9 6 101 6 6 to to to 101 6 6

Archd Douglasy - 50 2 128 2 — 178 2 — - - - 178 2 —

Joseph Swaffieldy - - 50 9 9 — - to ob to 28 io 6 - 87 *9 6 to to 87 19 6

Samuel Jellicoe, - - 50 11 12 6 - 6l 12 6 - - - 61 12 6

Alexander Trotter, - . 50 1112 6 - 6l 12 6 - - - 61 12 6

f Alexander Lyal, _ to to 128 2 — 128 2 — 128 2 — .

Conductors, - < lleny K. Cranjloun, - - to m m 128 2 — 128 2 — - - - 128 2 .

William Seaton, - - m to to C A 128 2 — SHIEH's BR ANC *. 128 2 — 128 2 —

Chief Clerk, JbAw Slade, Senr to - 80 — — 96 5 — 74 >9 — i to to - - - - 251 4 — J 2 249 4 — i

r Francis Cooke, - - 80 109 H — I89 11 — 2 187 11 —

William Smyth, - - 80 64 J - 19 4 6 to to I63 5 6 2 — — 161 5 6

Edward Clarke, - - 5° 18 9 6 to 68 9 6 - - - 68 9 6

Clerks - / fC'///"* T7. Meredith, - - - 42 4 10 13 9 6 - 55 M 4 - - - + 55 14 4

V'lCI ft') — V John Davies, - - - 50 - 69 14 — i 46 17 6 412 6 171 4 m 171 4 — i

John Slade, Junr - . 50 22 12 (> 72 12 6 ... 72 12 6

Christopher Cooke, - to 5u 11 13 - - 61 13 — to to to 61 i3 —

I . Crejfwell, - 7 *5 2 VIC rUALLIN G B R A N < :h. 3 10 — - 11 5 2 to to 11 5 2

Cashier, - George Swaffieldy - - - 150 - 64 2 9 214 2 9 n 5 — 202 l7 9

Chief Clerk, Fen nelly - - - 70 10 10 — 23 r9 9 - - - - 712 6 112 2 3 1 15 — 110 7 3

f Robert Walker, - - 5° 10 10 — to to to to 24 2 6 - 84 12 6 ... 84 12 6

Clerks, - - < George Fennell, - - 5° 20 19 — to 7° l9 — to to 70 >9 —

Sivaffield, Junf - - 50 26 17 — - 76 17 — - - - 76 —

* Thomas Knowles, - - - 46 2 8 46 2 8 to to to 46 2 8

9m N <1 14.246 2 2,026 2 — 1.36s 5 l°{ 229 14 G 273 12 5 — 8,150 10 — 4 212 10 — 7.938 — -i

O

si Geo. III.

i° Februarii.

T2

N* 12.

Sixth Report of Commissioners of Public Accounts.

A ST AT E of the Salaries, Fees, and Gratuities, received by the Officers and Clerks in the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 25th of December 1779 to the 24th of December 1780, with the Amount thereof received by each Officer and Clerk during the said Period. Prepared pursuant to a Precept from the Commissioners of Accounts, dated the 29th June 1781.

SALARIES.

Right honourable Richard. Rigby, Paymaster General, for his own Allowance D\ his Allowance for the Salaries of his under Officers and Clerks Ditto, his Allowance for the incidental Charges of his Office Ditto, for his Pay as Paymaster General on the Staff in Great Britain -Ditto, for his Allowance as Treasurer of Hospital -

Mr. Cajicall, Deputy ——

Ditto, additional Salary ——

Mr. Powell, Cashier ——

Ditto, additional Salary, for his great Care and Trouble in the Office of the Paymaster General, pursuant to Warrant of 10th July 1765 -

Mr. Bembridge, Accountant

Mr. Hesse, Ledger Keeper -

Mr. Bangham, Computer of Off-reckonings ——

Mr. Randall, Paymaster of Half Pay ——

Mr. Molejicorlh, First Clerk ——

OTHER

Mr. Craufurd -

Mr. Hesse, Junior - -

Mr. Thomas - Mr. Stables -

Mr. Paliaret -

Mr. Burrell -

Mr. Brad/haw - -

Mr. Stephenson - -

Mr. Burrell, Office-keeper

Mr. Tomlinson, Messenger

Mr. Barker, Ditto -

Mrs. Seymour, House-keeper -

CLERKS.

jC* d.

3,000 ——

1,760 ——

600 — — 366 — 366 ——

S.

6,092 500 1 500 200 -

27O

150

IOO

80

80

60

IOO

5°

100

70

60

5°

5°

50

20

3°

20

22

DEPUTY PAYMASTE

Mr. Sloper - . - Gibraltar

Admiral Digby - - Minorca 1

Mr. Williams - - Halifax V

Mr. Boon - Montreal

Mr. Elwyn - Louijbitrg 1

Mr. Bembridge - - Quebec j

Mr. Thomas - North America 1

Mr. Poyntz - Ditto W

Mr. Bradshaw - - West Indies J

FEES AND GRATUITIES.

Mr. Powell, Cashier.

A Moiety of One Guinea per Thousand on the Remittances to North America, for the Extraordinary Services of the Army there; Half per Cent, on Victualling Warrants; Quarter per Cent, on Warrants for Freight, Armament of Ships, Hire of Extra Seamen, and those for Bread, Wood, and Straw, and other Stores sent to America, for the Use of the Army there; Two Guineas per Thousand ou the Warrants for Presents to and for the

Clearings issued to sundry British and Foreign Regiments, Six Guineas each Regiment; making the Whole received for One Year, ending the 24th December 1780

Mr. Bembridge, Accountant.

A Moiety of One Guinea per Thousand on the Remittances to North America, for the Extraordinary Services of the Army there; for settling and stating the Accounts of sundry British and Foreign Regiments, Four Guineas each Regiment; for adjusting the Accounts of the Garrisons in Great Britain, and for sundry Reports and Certificates; making the Whole received for One Year, ending the 24th of December 1780 - -

Vol. 38.

6,715 19 6

L35S 17

]V?r.

722

li* Februarii. A. 1782.

Mr. Ileffe, Ledger Keeper. of Comnlirrt For adjusting the Accounts of fundrv British and Foreign Regiments, Two Guineas each Re-f,oners of1 4 giment; for Certificates, and for Receipts on dormant Warrants, and for Allowances out of

Public Ac- the Cashier of Half Pay and Computer of Off-reckonings Fees; making in the Whole for

counts. One Year, ending the 24th of December 1780 ——

Mr. Bangham, Computer of Off-reckonings.

For settling, and adjusting, and making out the Receipt for the Half-yearly Issues of Off reckonings, 5 s. 3 d: per £. 100; — 7$. for the Entry of each Alignment; — 13s. 6d. for the Entry of each Warrant, and£. 1. is. for every Certificatealfo £. 3. 3J. per Ann. from each Regiment serving Abroad,' for the Stoppage Receipts, beingfomuch issued for Officers Subsistence, and to carry on the Recruiting Service; making the Whole received for One Year, ending the 24U1 of December 1780 - -

Mr. Ran doll, Cashier of Half Pay.

For each Payment, 2s. 6d. for himself and Clerk; — 3$. 6d. for each Warrant placing an Officer on Half Pay; — % s. 6d. for the Entry of a Power of Attorney, and a Probate of a Will; making the Whole received for One Year, ending the 24th of December 1780

Mr. Molesworth, Entering Clerk.

For the Entry and Examination of the Warrants drawn on the Extraordinaries, 5$. each; for Ditto drawn on the Contingencies, 3*. 6d. each; for Ditto on Contra6t Warrants under £. 10,000,£. 1. u. each; for Ditto on Ditto above £. 10,000, £. 5. 5s. each. From each Regiment per Ann. for making out the Subsistence Receipts, £. 1. is; for Entry of a common Power of Attorney, % s. 6d.; for a Regimental one 7s.-, and for the Entry of a Contract, £.5. 5s. making the Whole received for One Year, ending the 24th of December 1780 ——

574 16 —

1,038 5 6

6*7 5 -

1,448 15 4

The afore mentioned Fees have been long customary, and most of them have been paid at the Paymaster General's Office, to the certain Knowledge of some of his Officers, for more than Forty Years; and will, on a Peace Establishment, be all of them very considerably reduced, except the Half Pay.

The Paymaster General's Office, respecting the Trail reposed in the Officers belonging to it, may be considered as one of the First in the Kingdom. The Under Clerks serve many Years at very small Salaries, without a Fee Kind, in Expectation of being rewarded for their long Services, when Vacancies happen in the upper Seats,

where Fees are allowed to be taken. The Attendance at without keeping Holidays, or having any Adjournment,

Pay-Office, Horse Guards, 17th August 1781.

N* 13.

The Examination of the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of the Forces; taken upon Oath, 23d November 1781.

This Examinant faith, That he is appointed Paymaster General of the Forces, and Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, during Pleasure: He receives, as Paymaster General of the Forces, an Allowance of Three thousand Pounds a Year; for under Officers and Clerks, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty Pounds; and for the Contingencies of the Office, Six hundred Pounds. These Sums, amounting to Five thousand Three hundred and Sixty Pounds, are paid by Warrant from the King, out of the Deductions of Twelve Pence in the Pound. The Paymaster has also an Allowance of Twenty Shillings a Day, amounting in the Year 1780 to Three hundred and Sixty-six Pounds, voted upon the Establishment, and payable as the General and Staff Officers of Great Britain are paid, out of the Sum voted for the Army he has as Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital Twenty Shillings a Day, amounting that Year to Three hundred and Sixty-six Pounds, payable out of the Deductions of Twelve Pence in the Pound; these Two lait Sums are inserted in the Patent: He believes all these are usual Allowances, that have been made to former Pay matters General of the Forces. These Sums amounted to Six thousand and Ninety-two Pounds: Out of which are ‘deducted Tor Taxes, Nine hundred and Sixty-two Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Nine Pence; for Payment of Clerks, One thousand Seven hundred and Seven 20

the Pay Office is constant for many Hours every Day

John Poieell,

C/ia1 Bembridge,

John A. F. Iieffe,

Tho' Bangham,

Rob( Randoll,

Rd Molesworth.

Pounds; for contingent Diffiurfements, Three hundred and Sixty Pounds Seven Shillings and Eight Pence; making together, Three thousand and Thirty Pounds Seven Shillings and Five Pence; which reduced the clear Income of this Office, for the Year 1780,to Three thousand and Sixty-one Pounds Twelve Shillings and Seven Pence; and he received no other Salary, Fee, or Gratuity whatever, for the Execution of the Offices of Paymaster General of the Forces, and Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, during the said Year.

He further faith. That he appoints all the Officers and Clerks in this Office during Pleasure.

Rich* Rigby.

Guy Carle ton,

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond.

N- 14.

The Examination of Timothy Cafivall, Esquire, Deputy Paymaster General of the Forces; taken upon Oath, 23d 06lober 1781.

This Examinant faith. That he is nowT, and lids been Deputy Paymaster General of the Forces everfince the Appointment of Mr. Rigby to the Office of Paymaster General of the Forces; he is appointed by Letter of Attorney under the Hand and Seal of the Paymaster General: It is his Business to sign all the Receipts for Money received from the Exchequer, and to see that proper Entries thereof have been made in the Cash Book; to take up the Vouchers, compare them with the

a

22 Geo. III.

I i" Feb fitarii,

7*3

the Cash Book, and fee that they agree; and, in the Absence of the Paymaster General, lo execute every Branch of Isis Duty: For the Execution of this (Mice he is paid Two Salaries of Five hundred Pounds a Year each; the full is the ancient u:\tal Salary paid to the Deputy by the Paymaster General, out of the Sum allowed him for his under Officers; and is subject. to the Duties of One Shilling and of Six Pence in the Pound, which reduce it to Four hundred Sixty-two Pounds Ten . Shillings a Year. The other Salary is paid to him without Deduction, out of the Money aiding by the Deductions from the Pay of the Army, by virtue of His lilajefiy's Warrant, dated the 18th of March 1774, to commence from the lotli of October 1771, and to be paid him during his Continuance in the same Office; and (luting, that the then Emoluments of the Office did not produce a sufficientand adequate Compensation and Reward for his Trouble, Care, Diligence, and Fidelity, in the Execution of the Business committed to his Charge. I Iis immediate Predecessors in this Office had other Appointments under the Crown; lie himself having no other Appointment, the Salary of Five hundred Pounds, subject to the Duties above-mentioned, conli-dering the Bank and Trnfl of the Office, was not deemed a sufficient Compensation. He receives for the Execution of this Office no Fee, Gratuity, or Reward whatever, other than the Salaries above-mentioned.

T. Cajivall.

Guy Carless.11,

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Sana Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 15.

The Examination of John Powell, Esquire, Cashier in the Office of the Paymaster General of the Forces; taken upon Oath, the 29th, 30th, and 31st of August, 17 th October, id and 6th November 1781.

Th is Examinant faith. That as Cashier to the Pay-master General of the Forces, he receives a Salary of Two hundred Pounds a Year (subject to the Duty of One Shilling in the Pound) paid to him by the Pay-master General, out of the Sum of One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty Pounds, allowed to him for under Officers and Clerks, out of the Deductions of Twelve Pence in the Pound, and One Day's Pay. This Salary has been allowed the Cashier ever since he has been acquainted with the Office, which is upwards of'Thirty-five Years. He also receives an additional Allowance of Two hundred and Seventy Pounds a Year, without Dedufci ions, for his Trouble. Care, Dil igence, and Fidelity, in the Execution of the Business committed to his Charge; this Allowance is made pursuant to the King's Warrant, dated 10th of July 1765, and paid out of the Deductions of Twelve Pence in the Pound and One Day's Pay, and he has received it ever since that Period. Besides this Salary and Allowance, he also considers himself as entitled by Custom to receive the following Fees and Gratuities: — From the Remitters to North America, Ten Shillings and Six Pence per Thousand Pounds, for all the Sums paid to them to be remitted for the Extraordinary Services of the Army, and an Annual Payment of Five Guineas each Regiment for remitting their Subsistence; from the Contractors for Victualling, Half Cent, on Victualling Warrants; from the Agents, Five Shillings per Cent, on Warrants lor Freight, Armament of Ships, Hire of Extra Seamen, Bread, Wood, Straw, and other Stores, sent to America for the Use of the Army; from the Persons to whom the Warrants are made payable. Two Guineas per Thousand Pounds on the Warrants for Prefects to Indians; from the Regimental Agents, Six Vol. 38.

Guineas for every Regiment, upon issuing the Clearings. Sixth geport To the best ofliis Knowledge and Belief, all the Fees of Contain! Gratuities above mentioned, have been allowed to mriioners of his Predecessors in Office. Sometimes Persons, upon receiving Warrants, leave the Cashier a final! Gratuity, the W hole amounting in the Year to an inconsiderable Sum. He receives no Salary, Allowance, Fee, or Gratuity whatever, for the Execution of the Office of Cashier to the Paymaster General of the Forces, except what are above mentioned, and these Fees and Gratuities are not always paid to him. The Sum Total of the Salaries, Allowances, Fees, and Gratuities, received by him in the Year 1780, as Cashier to the Paymaster General of the Forces, amounted to the Sum of Seven thousand One hundred and Seventy-five Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Six Pence; Part of this Sum* hut what Part he cannot tell, consists of Fees that became due to him in that Year, but how much thereof still remains due, or how much he received under each Head , of Fees, he is not able to ascertain. Since February 1780, he has received no Fees from the Remitters, for Remittances paid to them since that Time: All the Warrants for which the above Fees and Gratuities are paid, are for Extraordinaries, except the Warrants for Clearings, and the Remittances for Subsistence; upon Production of these Warrants to the Paymaster General or his Cashier, and Indorsement by the Person to whom they are made payable, or their Assigns, the Cashier takes and enters the Warrants into the Cadi Book, and gives Drafts upon the Bank for the Sums therein mentioned, or One Draft only for the Sum Total of all the Warrants paid to the same Person at the same Time.

This Examinant further faith, That in Time of Peace (provided the same Number of Troops should be kept on Foot as were put upon the Establishment at the Conclusion of the last War) the whole Emoluments, as near as he can conjecture, will be from One thousand Pounds to One thousand Five hundred Pounds per Annum; the Difference of those Sums will arise and depend on the Places where the great Body of His Majesty's Troops shall be stationed; if at Home, the Post of Cashier will not exceed One thousand Pounds; if Abroad, it may amount to One thousand Five hundred Pounds a Year.

Jn° Powell.

Guy Carleton,

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

liichd Ncave,

Sami Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 16.

The Examination of Charles , Esquire*

Accountant in the Office of the Paymaster General of the Forces; taken upon Oath, the 10th and nth of October 1781.

This Examinant faith. That as Accountant to the Paymaster General of the Forces, he receives from him a Salary of One hundred and Fifty Pounds a Year, paid out of the Allowance made to him for the Salaries of his Officers; he pays out of this Salary the Duty of One Shilling in the Pound; this has been the usual Salary paid to the Accountant, and depends upon the Will of the Paymaster General. He receives also the following Fees and Gratuities; — from the Contractors, Ten Shillings and Six Pence per Thousand Pounds, on the Remittances to North America, for the Extraordinary Services of the Army there; from the Regimental Agents, Four Guineas for settling and Hating the Accounts of each British and Foreign Regiment; from the Agents to the Ga rrifons, for adjusting their Accounts, most of them Two Guineas, some One

8 Y Guinea,

Sixth Report of Comir.iffioner^ of Public Accounts

724 ii° Februarii. A, 1781.

Guinea, some Half a Guinea a \ ear; from the Persons applying for Report* and Certificates, Gratuities in Proportion to their Importance or Value. These are tire usual Fees and Gratuities that have been paid to the Accountant in this Office, ever since he has been acquainted with it. The Sum Total of the Profits of his Office, received by him for One Year, ending the 24th of December 1780, exchifive of the Salary above* mentioned, amounted to Thirteen hundred Fifty-eight Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Nine Pence, and no more. This Sum includes some of the Fees paid by the Contractors for Remittances made before the Year 1780; lie has not yet received from them all the Fees for the Remittances during that Year. As Accountant to the Pay mailer General of the Forces, he receives no other Salary, Fee, or Gratuity, for the Execution of that Office, except as above-mentioned. He verily believes, in Time of Peace, the Profits of his Office will not exceed Five or Six hundred Pounds a Year.

He is allb Deputy Paymaster at , for which he receives an Allowajpe of Thirty Shillings a Day, paid to him by virtue of the King's Warrant, and no other Salary, Fee, or Gratuity whatever; he executes that Office by a Deputy, who is paid by him, and does not, that he knows of, receive any Fee or Gratuity whatever.

Cha'

Guy Carleton,

T. Angui/h,

A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 17.

The Examination of John Adam Frederick UeJJe, Esquire, Ledger Keeper in the Office of the Paymaster General of the Forces; taken upon Oath, the 12th of October 1781.

This Examinant faith, That he is Ledger Keeper in the Office of the Paymaster General of the Forces; that he receives from the Paymaster General a Salary of One hundred Pounds a Year; he also receives from the Computer of Off-reckonings Eighty Pounds a Year, and from the Cashier of Half Pay One hundred Pounds a Year. The First of these Salaries has been usually paid the Ledger Keeper, ever since he knew the Office, which is about Forty Years; the Two latter were first paid to Mr. Nichols, when he was appointed Ledger Keeper; he succeeded Mr. Nichols in that Office, and the same Payments have been continued to him.

He receives from the Agents a Fee of Two Guineas a Year, for adjusting and giving a Certificate of the Accounts of each British and Foreign Regiment, at the Time of their Clearings; and from some of the Persons who apply, either for Certificates, or Receipts on dormant Warrants, Fees to a small Amount. He pays Taxes for his Office, amounting to Fifteen Pounds a Year, which being deducted from the Sum of Six hundred Seventy-four Pounds Sixteen Shillings, leaves the Sum of Six hundred Fifty-nine Pounds Sixteen Shillings, which was the Total Sum received by him for the Profits of this Office, for the Year 1780.

He was appointed Ledger Keeper by Mr. Charles Townshend, who gave him Leave, by Reason of his infirm State of Health, to execute this Office by Deputy, which he has done ever since; his daily Attendance for many Years in the Office had impaired his Eye-fight, and disqualified him from Writing. lie pays to his Deputy Eighty Pounds a Year, and to another Assistant, Fifty Pounds a Year.

John A. F. Urge.

Guy Carle!on.

T. Angnish,

Ce:\ Drummond.

N* 18.

The Examination of Thomas Bangham, Esquire, Computer of Off-reckonings in the Office of the Paymaster General of the Forces; taken upon Oath, the 30th of August, 1781.

This Examinant faith, That his Office is the Com-puterof theOff-reckonings in the Office of the Paymaster General of the Forces: That for this Office he receives from the Paymaster General a Salary of Eighty Pounds a Year, without Deduction; but he has always, since he has been in this Department, which is about Six Years, paid the Whole of this Salary to the Ledger Keeper, finding it had been the U fual Practice of his Predecessors, as far back as Lord Holland'sTime; the Reason of which,

as he apprehends, is, because otherwise the Profits of the Office of Ledger Keeper would not be equivalent to the Troiible attending it. The real Profits of his Office arise from the following Fees and Gratuities: — Five Shillings and Three Pence per Cent, for settling, and adjusting, and making out Receipts for the Half-yearly Issues of Off-reckonings; this is paid him by the Clothier at the Time of the Issue. Seven Shillings for the Entry of each Assignment, Thirteen Shillings and Six Pence for the Entry of each Warrant; these are paid him by the Clothiers at the Time of the Entry. One Pound One Shilling for every Certificate of the Sum that has been paid upon any Assignment; this is paid him by the Person applying. An Annual Payment from the Agents of Regiments, of Three Pounds Three Shillings for each of those Regiments serving Abroad, for which Stoppage Receipts are issued. These Fees or Gratuities are paid by the Usage of this Office, and have continued the same ever since he has been acquainted with the Business. He has no other Profits whatever for the Discharge of his Office, except what are above mentioned; the Sum Total of which, for the Year 1780, amounted to One thousand and Thirty-eight Pounds Five Shillings and Six Pence, and no more. To the bell of his Knowledge aind Belief, in Time of Peace, the Profits of his Office, upon an Average, do not exceed Four hundred Pounds a Year.

Tho* Bangham.

Guy Carle ton,

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich* Neave,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 19.

The Examination of Robert , Esquire,

Cashier of Half Pay in the Office of the Pay-maficr General of the Forces; taken upon Oath, the 17th of October 1781.

This Examinant faith, That he has been in the Office of the Paymaster General of the Forces above Forty-two Years, and has been Cashier and Paymaster of the Half Pay ever since May 1753. All the Profits of his Office arise from a Salary and Fees; the Salary is Eighty Pounds a Year, paid to him, without Deduction, by the Paymaster General; his Fees arise from the Business done. He receives from each Officer Two Shillings for himself, and Six Pence for his Clerk, for every Half Yearly Payment; and Three Shillings and Six Pence for receiving and entering every Warrant placing the Officer or Officers, if more than One, on the Half Pay Lift; and from the Person producing them, Three Shillings and Six Pence for the Entry of every Power of Attorney and Probate of a Will. These are the usual customary Fees which have been paid to the Cashi.'T of Half Pay ever since he has known the Office. The Sum Total received by him for the Profit* of this Office, in the Year 17S0, amounted to Six

hundred

22 Geo. III.

______________________________ iii

ii° Februarii.

hundred Ninety-seven Pounds Five Shillings; out of which he paid to the Ledger Keeper One hundred Pounds, and Fourteen Pounds Taxes for the One Shilling Duty. Lord Holland, about the Year 1764, directed him, by Letter, to pay to the Ledger Keeper One hundred Pounds a Year out of the Income of his Office; which Payment be has made eterfince.

He pays every Year the Compaffienate Lift (on which there were the last Year above Five hundred Names) without receiving any Fee or Reward whatever for it.

RandoU,

Guy Carltfon,

T. Jngui/k,

A. Piggott,

RichdNeave,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 20.

The Examination of Richard , Esquire,

Entering Clerk in the Office of the Paymaster General of the Forces; taken upon Oath, the 12th of October 1781.

This Examinant faith. That he is Entering Clerk in the Office of the Paymaster General of the Forces, from whom he receives a Salary of Sixty Pounds a Year, which he believes is the Salary that has been

725

usually paid to the Entering Clerk. He also receives for the Execution of this Office, either from the Agents or Contractors, or Persons applying, the following certain customary Fees For the Entry and Examination of the Warrants drawn on the Extraordinaries, Five Shillings each; for Ditto drawn on the Contingencies, Three Shillings and Six Pence each; for Ditto on Contract Warrants under Ten thousand Pounds, One Guinea each; for Ditto on Ditto above Ten thousand Pounds, Five Guineas each; from the Agent of each Regiment, per Annum, for making out the Subsistence Receipts, One Guinea; for Entry of a common Power of Attorney, Three Shillings and Six Pence; for a Regimental one. Seven Shillings; and for the Entry of a Contract, Five Guineas. He pays out of the Profits of his Office Ten Guineas a Year for Taxes; and the Total Sum received by him for the Year 1780, amounted to Fourteen hundred Ninety-eight Pounds Five Shillings and Four Pence, except some small Sums which he has received since the Return made to this Board. He has been informed, and believes, that the Profits of his Office, in Time of Peace, do not exceed Three

hundred Pounds a Year. Rd Molesworth.

Guy Cartbton, T. Angwjk, A. Piggott, Richd Neave,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 21.

Av ACCOUNT of Money issued by the Paymaster General of the Forces, to the Contractors for remitting to North America, between the ift of March and the 31st of December 1780; extracted from the Account of the Extraordinary Services incurred for the Year 1780.

DATE of ISSUE.

1780.

12th May -26th May -

29th May - -

28th June -

Ditto - - - ▼

20th July -

Ditto....

27th July -

5th August ----- 30th September - -

19th October -6th November -

Ditto -

24th November -

13th December -29th December -

Ditto -

Total - £.

At One Guinea per Thousand Pounds, is

Mr. Pou'elfs Half amounts to Mr. Bembridge's Half amounts to

SUM.

£. s. d.

20.000 -

336,414 6

16.000 -

M5>i47 !9 8

62>77? 15 4 44,154 10 10 5,845 9 %

100,000 -

111,987 II II

I33.791 8 9

250,000 — — 286,582 5 7

149,012 13 6

154,480 18 9

110,712 12 3

12,976 In 372,950 15 7

2,312,830 5 9

C1,213 16 — 1,213 16 —

2,427 12 —

Vol. 38.

1

I '

Sixth Report of Coroniiffionera of Public Accounts.

,725 ii 0 FebruaA-178 2.

Sixth Report of Commissioners of Public Accounts.

N* 22.

An ACCOUNT of the Payments made oat of the Deductions of Twelve Pence in the Pound, and One Day's Pay, from the 25th of December 1779 to the 24th of December 1780, both inclusive; prepared pursuant to a Precept from the Commissioners of Accounts, dated the 12th of December 1781. /

5

Paid the Right honourable Richard Rigby his Allowance as Paymaster General of the Forces Paid Ditto, as Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital ——

Paid Ditto, for his under Officers and Clerks ——

Paid Ditto, for the Contingencies of his Office ——

Paid the Right honourable Charles Jenkinson his Allowance as Secretary at War

Paid Ditto his Allowance as Ditto ——

Paid for New Year's Gifts at the Treasury and Exchequer - -

Paid an additional Allowance for Ditto -

Paid Christopher D'Oyley, Esquire, for the Contingencies of his Office as Commissary General of the Mullers, 273 Days, to the22dof September 1780 -

Paid Ditto his Allowance as Ditto, to 22d of September 1780 ——

Paid Thomas Bowlby, Esquire, 93 Days Ditto, as Ditto, to the 24th of December 1780

Paid Ditto 93 Days Allowance for the Contingencies of his Office, to D* -

Paid Timothy Cafwall, Esquire, his additional Allowance as Deputy Paymaster General -

Paid John Powell, Esquire, in Addition to his Salary, in Reward for his Care and Fidelity in the Discharge of his Employment in the Paymaster General's Office -

Paid the following Persons the respective Sums again!! their Names set down, being for their Pay as Deputy Paymasters at the different Stations hereafter mentioned:

Viz1. Charles Bembridge, Esquire, at Quebec ——

Robert Digby, Esquire, at Minorca ——

William Sloper, Esquire, at Gibraltar ——

Peter Elwyn, Esquire, at Louijbourg ——

Thomas Boone, Esquire, at Montreal -

George James Williams, Esquire, as Nova Scotia ——

David Thomas, Esquire, at New York ——

Robert Haldane Bradshaw, Esquire, in the West Indies -

William Deane Poyntz, Esquire, at New York, 19*, to the 34th of December -Paid Thomas Sadlier, Esquire, his Allowance as Deputy Commissary of the Mullers in South Britain ——

Paid William Kerr, Esquire, as D° ——

Paid Thomas Barnard, Esquire, as D* ——

Paid George Overend, Esquire, as D° -

Paid Neil Stewart, Esquire, as I)° ——

Paid Theodore Maurice, Esquire, as D®, 2i6«is, to 27th of October -

Paid John Jenkinson, Esquire, as D°, 58ds, to 24th of December -

Paid Charles Lempriere, Esquire, ns D®, at Jersey and GuernJ'ey -

Paid the respective Agents, to enable them to reimburse the effective Private Men of the Regiments of Foot Guards and Marching Regiments of Foot, the Poundage deducted out of their Pay, from the 25th of December 1779 to the 24th of June 1780, both inclusive -Paid the respective Agents for D* Service, from the 25th of June 1780 to the 24th of December (o\\ov/\ng, both inclusive - -

Taid the honourable Frederick Vane, Treasurer of Chelf Hospital, 12 Months for the House Pension, to the 24th of December 1780 - -

Paid Exchequer Fees, at i^rf. per Pound ——

Paid D" - - - at i d.per Pound ——

I s. d.

3.000 -

366 ——

1,760 ——

600 — —

M55 ——

1.000 — —

550 1 8

97 11 —

273 ——

hi 17 8 38 2 4

93 ——

500 — —

270 — —

549 ——

549 ——

549 ——

549 ——

549 ——

549 ——

1.098 — —

1.098 ——

57 ——

50 ——

50 ——

50 ——

50 ——

50 ——

20 IO I

7 18 5 50 ——

*5,336 4 3

26,031 18 8

26,016 — 9

20,830 19 ii 18,367 7 u

i32>587

12 8

Pay Office, Horse Guards,

December the 18 th, 1781.

John Poicell,

N° 23-

D

cq

r — h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

n

o

t"

CO

CO

N* 23.

Ax ACCOUNT of the Salaries, Allowances, Fees, and Gratuities, received by each Officer and Clerk in the Pay Office of the Army; with the Deductions paid by, and the Nett Receipt of each, for the Year 1780, and the Nett Annual Receipt in Time of Peace.

hi

a

tn

Offices.

00

N

Paymaster General, -

Deputy Paymaster General,

Cashier, -

Accountant, Ledger Keeper,

Computerof Off-reckonings, Cashier of Half Pay, -First Clerk,

Clerks,

Office Keeper, -

Messengers,

House Keeper, - r Gibraltar, Minorca, -Halifax, -Montreal,

Louijbourg, Quebec, -

North America, Ditto,

West Indies, -

C

w

cs

as

a

«0

CL,

P

c.

o>

P

Names.

Right honourable Rickard Rigby, Allowance for Clerks, -Allowance for Contingencies, -Stall* Pay, -

As Treasurer of Chcl/ea Hospital, Timothy Cafwall, *

Additional Allowance, -John Powell, -

Additional Allowance,

Charles Bembridge,

J.A.F.HeJe, -

From Computer of OfT-reckonings, -From Cashier of Half Pay,

Thomas Bangham, -Robert Randoll,

Richard Molcjworlh,

Mr. Craiqford,

Mr. Ileffe, Junior,

Mr. Thomas, - Mr. Stables, - Mr. Paliaret,

Mr. Burrell, - Mr.'2hYK//ft<nt>,

Mr. Stepfumjbn, ' - Mr. Burrell,

Mr^Tomlinson,

Mr. Broker, -Mrs. Seymour, - *

Mr. Si oner,

Admiral Digly,

Mr. Williams,

Mr. Boone, - Mr. Eltxyn, - Mr. Bembridge, - Mr. Thomas,

Mr. Poyntz, - Mr. Bradjhuw,

Dedud Salaries received by the Paymaster General, the Com- puter of Off-rtckonings, and Cashier of Half Pay, and paid J-over to other Clerks . j

Salaries and Allowances.

3,000

1,760

600

% 66

366

500

500

200

270 -150 -

190 — 80 -IOO —

80 -80 -60 -

IOO -50 -IOO -70 -60 -50 " 50 " 50 " 20 -30 -. AO -22 -549 -549 " 549 -549 " 549 " 549 -

1.098 -

3.098 -

1.098 -

15422

13*535 ——

Total of Salaries and Allowances.

6,092 ——

t,oooo

470 ——

150 -

280 — —

80

80

60

100

50

100

70

60

50

50

50

20

30

20

22

549

549

549

549

549

549

1.098

1.098

1.098

1,887

13,535 ~

Paid by the Public.

6,092 ——

500

270

Fees and Gratuities.

6,715 19 6 1,35* »7 9 394 16 —

1.038 5 6

617 5 —

1,448 15 4

549

549

549

549

549

549

1,098

1,098

1,098:

13,450 ——

13*450 ——

11*573 19 1

11,573 19 1

Total of Salaries, Allowances, Fees, -and Gratuities.

6,092 —

1,000

7,185 19 6

1.508 17 9

674 16 —

1,118 5 6 697 5 —

1.508 15 4

100 ——

50 ——

100 — —

70 ——

60 ----- *~

50 ——

50 ——

50 ——

20 ——

30 ——

20 ——

22 ——

549 — ~

549 ——

549 ——

549 ——

549 ——

549 ——

1.098 -

1,068 ——

1.098 -

26,995 19 1

1,887 ——

25,108 19 1

Deductions.

Taxes.

962 19 9

37 10 —

7 10 —

15 ——

14 ——

10 10 — *

1,05? 9 9

1*057 9 9

Payments to Clerks.

Payments for Contingencies,

i,7°7 ——

130 —

80 ——

100 ——

2,017 — — 1,887 ——

360 7 8

360 7 8

130 ——

3f6o 7 8

Nett Receipt, 1780.

3,064 12 7

96 a 10

7.J75 19 i,50> 7 529 16

1,038 5 6 583 5 — 1,498 5 4

IOO ——

50 ——

IOO ——

70 ——

60 ——

50 ——

50 ——

50 ——

20 ——

30 ——

20 ——

22 ——

549 -

549 -

549 -

549 -

549 -

549 -

1.098 -

1.098 -

1.098 -

Nett Receipt inTime of Peace.

23,561

8

23*561

From £. 1,000 to 1,500*. From ^.500 to 600.

£ 400.

£30°-

o'

1:

O *Tj^O CO

O C o s*

e 5- a o 5 =3 o »*

? n "3 M

V*

A. 1782

728 11 ° Febrttarii.

Sixth Report of Comnuffioners of Public Account*.

N* 24.

7 th August 1781.

An ACCOUNT of Fees, Rewards, and Gratuities, which appear to have been allowed to the Officers and Clerks, Kc. in the Office of the Treasurer of the Navy, for carrying on and making up the Accounts of the Treasurer of the Navy, fmee the Year 168S, to the present Time; prepared in Obedience to Directions from the Lords of the Treasury, signified by Mr. Robin/oLetter, dated the 20th July 1781;

Lord Orford, per Treasury Warrant

D®....

D®....

D® - -

Iiimself the Balance

27th June 1704 26th May 1707 ill May 1708 July 1717 to

£ * d.

2,079 9 104

l,7Q2 10 — 1,780 ——

I 3,898 3 10I

Sir Thomas Little!'on, per Treasury Warrants -His Executors the Balance -

Robert Walpole, Esquire,/>?r Treasury Warrant

Charles Ccefar, Esquire, D® -

John Aijlabie, Rfqqire, , D®

Richard Hampden, Esquire, D® -

Lord Torrington, - , - D®

Paltee Ryng, Esquire, D® -

Arthur'Onjlozv, Esquire, D® -

Thomas. Clutterbnck, Esquire, D®

Sir Charles Wager, D® -

William Corbett, Esquire, -

15th June 1716

- 12th May 1725

- 2 2d September 1715

- 9th Ju 1719

- 3d December 1719

- 6th December 1723

- 7th September 1725

12th June 1741

- 1747

- 1749 13 th December 1750

Sir John Rushout,

George Dodingtun, Esquire, (1) D" - 14th June 1768

includes the Allowance for the extraordinary Trouble occasioned by the Rebel Prisoners in the Years 1745 and 1746 - -

Henry Legge, Esquire, - -

GeorgeGrenville, Esquire, (1) -

George Dodington, Esquire, (2) ——

1

4,068 8 6

2,900 — —

£ d.

9>55° 3 H

6,968 8 6

1*625 5 3

2,645 16 6

2,778 6 6

2,765 10 —

2.500 -

2,900 — -

2.500 -

i»3IQ ——

1.310 — —

1.310 -

2,250 — —

5*449 7 3$

3.500 -

2.500 -

2,300 ——

N#25.

ACCOUNT of the Fees, Rewards, and Gratuities, craved by and allowed to the Officers and Clerks in the Office of the Paymaster General of the Forces, from the Year 1688 to the present Time; prepared pursuant to a Precept from the Commissioners of Accounts, dated 17 th of July 1781.

For making up the Accounts of Richard Earl of , Paymaster General of the Forces,

from the 31st of March 1688 to the 24th of December 1702 ——

For making up the Accounts of John Howe, Esquire, Paymaster General of the Forces, from the 25th of December 1702 to the 24th of October 1714 ——

For making up the Accounts of R' Walpole, Esquire, Paymaster General of the Forces, from the 24th of October 1714 to the 25th of October 1715 - - - .

For making up the Accounts of the Earl of Lincolnt Paymaster General of the Forces, from the 17th of October 1715 to the 24th June 1720 ——

For making up the Accounts of R Walpole, Esquire, Paymaster General of the Forces, from the nth June 1720 to the 24th June 1721 -

For making up the Accounts of the Earl of Cornwalli, Paymaster General of the Forces, from the 25th of June 1721 to the 24th of April 1722 ——

For making up the Accounts of the Earl of , Paymaster General of the Forces,

from the 25th June 1722 to the 24th June 1730 - -

For making up the Accounts of Henry Pelham, Esquire, Paymaster General of the Forces, from the 25th June 1730 to the 24th of December 1743. Mr. Pelham was an Accountant for upwards of Twenty Millions ——

For making up the Accounts of Tho* Winnington, Esquire, Paymaster General of the Forces, from the 25th of December 1743 to the 24th of June 1746. Mr. was an Accountant. for upwards of Seven Millions ——

For making up the Accounts oflVilliam Pitt, Esquire, Paymaster General of the Forces, from the 25th of June 1746 to the 24th of December 1755. Mr. Pitt was an Accountant for upwards of Twenty Millions ——

For making up the Accounts of the Earl of Darlington, Ixird Dupplin, and Mr. , Pay-masters General of the Forces, from the 25th of December 1755 to the 24th of June 1757. Earl of Darlington, Lord Dupplin, and Mr. were Accountants for upwards of Four

Millions - -

2,572 10 — 3,580 ——

1.901 12 —

1.901 12 —

4*658 4 —

10,863 ——

5*515 — '* 11,151 ----- ,

3,970 ——

N. B.We have not been able to learn what Fees, Rewards, and Gratuities were allowed to the Officer^ and Clerks of the Pay Office, for making up the Accounts of R‘ Walpole, Esquire, on his First Appointment of Paymaster General of the Forces, or lor making-up the Accounts of the Earl of Lincoln.

Jrr Powell,

Chw

la Geo. III. i i° Februarii. 719

his Clerks, in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, Sixth Rtport from the 31 ft of December 17 79, to the 31 ft of December 1780, I gave my Orders to expedite the same as soon as the Circumstances of the Account would permit. count*.

N. The Accounts of the Exchequer, by long Ciiftom, are made up at Easter Eve and Michaelmas Eve; therefore ordered the following Account fora complete Year from Michaelmas 177910 Michaelmas 1780.

An ACCOUNT of Salaries, Fees, and Gratuities, received by the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer and his Clerks* from Michaelmas 1779 to 1780.

N* 26.

To the Commissioners appointed by Act of Parliament to examine the Public Accounts of the Kingdotn.

Gentlemen,

In pursuance of your Requisition, that the proper Officer do transmit to you an exact Account of the Salaries, Fees, and Gratuities, received by the Auditor and

Rate of Fee

3 s.6d. per Cent, is. 4 d.per Cent.

18r. 9 d.per Cent. J2s. 6d. per Cent.

6r. 3 d.per Cent.

ts.6d. per Cent. 2 s. per Cent, is. 6d. per Cent, il. 5 s. per Cent.

13/. 13*./>£rQuarter.

To the Army, viz.

Guards and Garrisons Extraordinaries

Ambassadors, for extraordinary Oiiburfements and Equipage D*, for their ordinary Entertainment -Secret Service -

King's Printer -

Services on Accounts, Money expended, Bills of Exchange, and Money laid out, for His Majesty's Service Ulher of the Court of Exchequer Keeper of the Privy Seal, for Diet - - .

Messengers, fortravellingCharges Master of the Robes King's Goldsmith -Master of the Horse Master of the Great Wardrobe Pay master of the Works -Master of the Mint Penftons, Annuities, Bounties, and Allowances -Band of Pensioners -

£ 3,199*553 4,010,279

N. B. The above Fees are paid by Individuals (Army excepted.)

Sum* i(Tiled.

7,209,832 I4>153

46.546 59*8 71 7*799

361,062

1,269

1,464.

2,449

3.94i

5*93

20,000

19,102

52,101

17.320

i50*738 7.5°°

Auditor.

4,532 *3 9 3>7-87 *9 4

8,320 13 1

106 2 7

232 13 —

299 7 2 \ 38 19 11

1,826 11 — 6 6 10

762 12 14 7

9 *7 — 12 19 7

50 ——

*9 5 — 52 3 — 12 19 6

1,493' 14 1

52 10 —

Clerks.

1,066 II 3 890 14 7

TOTAL.

5*599 5 ~ 4,678 13 II

7,980,340 12,554 6

*.957 5 i°

26 9 2

58 3 5 74 16 8 9 14 11

456 7 —

1 11

1 16 10 3 4 *

*93

3 4t* 12 10 —

4 *6 3

373 11 7

*5 *5 —

10,277 *8 11 132 11 9

290 16 5

374 3 10

48 14 16

2,282 18 — 7 *8 7

9 3 — 15 18 8

1263

1646

62 10 —

24 1 3

52 3 1 1219 0

1,867 5 8

68 5 —

3,001 16 8 15,555 *9 *

The following Fees and Allowances are likewise received by the Auditor j viz.

By Fees on Tallies of Excise and Customs -

— Tally Court Order ——

— New Year's Gifts ——

— Fees for entering Patents ——

— Fees on Imprest Rolls - - _ _

— Vestments from the Great Wardrobe ——

Sundry ancient Fees as per Number 2 ----- --.--

Pard,', for Land Tax and other Duties, New Years Gifts, Clerks, and other extraordinary Expences, relative to the Office of the Auditor -

Net Balance this very Extraordinary Year received by the Auditor

100 — 6 7° *3 3 345 7 — 11 ——

28 5 —

4 17 — 3,766 1 —

19,882 2 IE

5,865 l8 IO

14,016 4 I

The Reason of this Receipt being so large, and more than double to what it is in Time of Peace, is owing to the Issues to the Army, and to divers Persons being paid on the Civil List Five Quarters, and some. Six Quarters.

It appears by the Books in my Office, that the Sum of £. 22,275,979. 17 9 has been issued; for which

neither the said Auditor or Clerks have taken any Fees.

Nor for any Accounts made out and presented to Parliament, which for some Years past have been very voluminous and expensive.

All the said extraordinary Business hath been done by additional Number of Clerks, and the Expences paid by the Auditor.

Y01- 38. Ntfmber

73 11° Februarit. A. 1782.

Sixth Report cf Commissionm of Public Accounts.

Number 3. A C O P Y of the Table of ancient, just, and legal Fees, taken by the Auditor and his

Clerks,

On Enquiry, I am informed, that the following Clerks receive sundry Allowances, Fees, and Gratuities; viz. %

Mr. Wilf

Mr. Hughfan

By Order from the Lords of the Treasury, for extraordinary Business, £. 100 a Year; for New Years Gifts, £. 122. 17 s.; and Gratuities received from Individuals, leaving the odd Pence in Change, and other Circumstances, amount to about £.20 a Year; but cannot he £. s. d. ascertained, as no Account has been kept: In the Whole amounting to - - 242 i-j —

By Fees for the Army, New Years Gifts, Imprest Roll, and annual Gratuity - - - -'

By Fees on Imprest Rolls -

— Fees for entering Probates of Wills, Powers of Attorney, and Af-

signments -

— New Years Gifts ——

— Fees for entering of Warrants -

— Fees for Navy Certificates ——

£ s. d.

2 3 0 -

41 5 —

15 17 6

33 1 —

71 6 12 6

Mr. Jennings, By ancient Allowance, by Order and Debenture - -

By Fees for the Army, Sign Manuals, Warrants, and annual Gratuity

— Fees for entering Patents ——

— New Years Gifts and Gratuities ——

— Fees for Warrants and Sign Manuals, from divers Persons -

7° ——

4 ij 6

11 -

50 16 —

M° 9 —

Mr. Paxton, By Fees for entering Wills and Probates -

— Gratuities for extraordinary Business, from divers Persons

6 15 — 21 4 6

1 93 *8 -»

285 18 $

Mr. Moone, By Fees for entering Wills, Probates, and Powers of Attorney — Gratuities for extraordinary Business, from divers Persons

9 15 ~ 2 13 6

27 19 6

Mr. Cock and Mr. I lucks, jointly, By Fees for entering Wills, Probates, and Powers of Attorney -

— Gratuities for extraordinary Business, from divers Persons -

Mr./oB« of the Tally Court Office, late Mr.^cawrM,ancient Allowanceby Debenture By New Years Gifts ——

— FeesonCuftoins, Stamps, Excise, and several other Sorts of Tallies

— On the Tally Court Order for Tallies of Loans - -

Paid toClerks in his Office, Land Tax, and other Duties and Expences

Mr. Mowbray, late Junior Clerk in the said Office, by New Years Gifts

Allowance from the Land Tax Office for writing a weekly Certificate

Mr. Cracroft, By Fees for the Army, New Years Gifts, and annual Gratuity

— New Years Gifts ——

— Fees for indenting Exchequer Bills -

Mr. F. Cracroft, By New Years Gifts ——

Mr. J. Fisher, By New Years Gifts - -

17 12 6

30 9 —

35 2 —

2 2 —

266 7 4

70 *3 3

26 —

15----

10 10 — 28 7 —

70 ——

iz 8 6

48 1 6

374 4 7 130 18 —

243 6 7

17 6 —

108 17 —

5 5 —

3 3 —

Exchequer, 27th September 1781.

The above Account has been made up with the utmost Care and Attention j and to my belt Information is most accurate and strictly true.

Newcastle.

N* *7.

22 Geo. Ill

ii° Februariu

N* 27.

The Examination of Edward Wilford, Esquire, First Clerk in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer; taken upon Oath, 31st OStob ill, 7th, and 30th November 1781.

This Examinant faith, That he executes the Office of First Clerk to the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer: He was appointed in Writing by ihe Auditor, the Duke of Newc; and was approved of and sworn in by the Comthiffibners of the Treasury, tiurfiiant to the Act of Parliament. He has been in the Offich of the Auditor about Forty Years.

The Duke of Netocastleis appointed Auditor for Life

by a Constitution Under the Hands and Seals of the Commissioners of the Treasury; he executes this Office himself, and not by Deputy: It is his Bufinef3 to super-intend all Matters relative to the Office; to sign all Exchequer Bills, Orders, Debentures, and Patents; dhd all other Instruments which pass this Office. He does hot. himself receive from the Individuals any of the Profits; they are received by his First; Clerk, and accounted for to him every Month.

The Business of this Office'is to keep a daily Account of all the Money received into and issued out of the Exchequer, under the various Heads of Duties; to make up every Week an Account of the Receipts, Issues, and Remains, of every Duty, and to transmit a Copy of it to the Treasury; and to make up and send to the Treasury an Half Yearly Declaration, containing an Account of all the Receipts and Issues during that Half Year, with the Remains. The- Auditor has a Clerk constantly attending in the Tally Court, who takes an Account daily of the Receipts, and brings it to the First; Clerk. No Issue can be made but by Warrant, Order, Debenture, or Bill; all of which pass through the Hands of the First Clerk, and give him Knowledge of the Issues. Other Branches of the Business of this Office, are, to enter all Instruments authorizing the Issue of Money; to take Care that no Money is issued without a proper Authority; to examine the Caffi in the Tellers Che^.s every Twenty-eight Days, or oftener, and to fee it hgrees with the Accounts; to examine all the Tellers Vouchers; to make out general and particular Imprest Rolls, and all Exchequer Bills; and to manage the Business of the Annuities payable at the Exchequer. It is usual to make up the Accounts in the Exchequer Twice a Year, on and to Easier Eve and Michaelmas Eve. This Office consists of the Auditor and Twenty-three fixed Clerks, and other Assistants upon extraordinary Occasions. The Profits of the Auditor arise ftoffi Allowances, Fees, and Gratuities.

Upon the King's Accession, a Certificate is sent from the Office of the Auditor to the Commissioners of the Treasury, pursuant to their RequisitiOu, containing an Account of several Fees, Salaries, and Allowances that have been usually paid to the Officers and Ministers of the Receipt Of the Exchequer; in cohfequfence of this Certificate, a dormant Warrant, with the Certificate 'annexed, is sent to the Auditor, authorizing him to draft Orders, and pass Debentures, for the Payment of the Salaries, Fees, and Gratuities contained ill the Lift, in the accustomed Manner; this Lift contains, amongst ( others, certain Fees and Allowances payable to the Auditor, amounting to Three thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six Pounds One Shilling, Two of which, being the Sums of Two hundred and Sixty Pounds Three Shillings and Four Pence, and Two hundred Pounds, are paid out of the Civil List, the others out of the Funds created for the Payment of the several Annuities; these Allowances are paid, some Annually, some Half Yearly, some Quarterly; the Two hundred Pounds a Year by Order, the rest by Debentures. The Auditor and his Clerks are entitled to One Fourth Part of the Fees arif-Vol. 38.

73*

ing in the Tally Court, of which the Share belonging to Sixth Report the Auditor, in the last Year, was One hundred Pounds and Six Pence; his Share of the Allowance made by the Treasury for the Tallies of Loan, amounted to Seventy Accounts* Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Three Pence; he isalfo entitled to Fees upon Money issued for certain Services; an ancient Table of these Fees taken by the Auditor and his Clerks, is hung up in the Office, and he receives the Fees due to the Auditor and his Clerks, from the Person receiving Money, according to that Table. The gross Sum received by the Auditor for these Fees, during the Year ending at Michaelmas 1780, amounted toTwelve thousand Five hundred and Fifty-four Pounds Two Shillings and Six Pence: These Fees arose from the Issue of Seven Million Nine hundred and Eighty thousand Three hundred and Forty Pounds; of which the Money issued to the Army, and to the Master of the Mint, and the Sum of Eighty-three thousand Three hundred and Eighty Pounds Nine Shillings and Five Pence Farthing, Part of the Sum of Three hundred Sixty-one thousand and Sixty-two Pobnds, issued for Services on account, SCc. and One thousand Two hundred Pounds, Part of the Sum of One hundred Fifty thousand Seven hundred Thirty-eight Pounds, issued for Pensions, Annuities, Hie. was Public Money, the rest was out of the Civil List. The Auditor isalfo entitled to Fees for entering Patents, and on Imprest Rolls, amounting in that Year, to Thirty-nine Pounds Five Shillings, and to a Fee from the Great Wardrobe, of Four Pounds Seventeen Shillings for Vestures: He received New Years Gifts from sundry public Offices, amounting to Three hundred Forty-five Pounds Seven Shillings. The . gross Amount of all these Profits for One Year, ending at Michaelmas 178d,wasSixteen thousand Eight hundred and Eighty Pounds Six Shillings and Three Pence:

Out of which he paid, for Taxes, Eight hundred and Seventy-two Pounds Twelve Shillings; to Clerks, One thousand Six hundred and Sixty-two Pounds Ten Shillings; and for other incidental Expences, Three hundred and Twenty-nine Pounds and Two Pence; making together Two thousand Eight hundred and Sixty-four Pounds Two Shillings and Two PenCe; which being deducted from the gross Receipt, leaves the Nett Sum of Fourteen thousand and Sixteen Pounds Four Shillings and One Penny; which, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, was the whole Sum received by the Duke of Newcastle, as Auditor of the Exchequer, for the Profits of that Office, during the Period above-mentioned. He believes, in Time of Peace the whole Profits of this Office do not exceed Seven thousand Pounds a Year.

This Examinant further faith, lhat as First Clerk to the Auditor of the Exchequer, he receives an ancient Allowance of One hundred Pounds a Year, included in the Certificate of Fees and Allowances above-mentioned.

In the Year ending at Michaelmas 1780, he received the Clerks Fees, amounting to Three thousand and One Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eight Pence; and for New Years Gifts and odd Pence, One hundred and Forty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings; amounting together to Three thousand Two'hundred and Forty-four Pounds 'lliirteen Shillings and Eight Pence: Out of which he paid, for Taxes, Fifty-two Pounds Ten Shillings; for Incidents, Five Pounds Five Shillings; and to Clerks, Four hundred and Thirty-four Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Two Pence; together. Four hundred and Ninety-two PoundsTen Shillings and Two Pence; which reduced his Nett Receipt during the Period above-mentioned, toTwo t housand Seven hundred and Fifty-two Pounds Three Shillings and Six Pence.

He believes the clear Profits of his Office in Time of Peace, will not exceed, OneYear with another, Nine hundred Pounds.

The Clerks are appointed by the Auditor, and paid by him and his First Clerk, out of the Clerks Fees and the Profits of the Auditor's Allowances, from Forty Pounds to Two hundred Tounds a Year, according to

9 A their

732 i\° Februaru. 178a.

Sixth Report their Rank in the Office, the Time they have been owners t'lere» anc^ the Business they are employed about; be-of Public ^es which, some of them are entitled to and receive Accounts, small Fees for the Business they do.

He hath taken an Account of the Salaries, Fees, and Gratuities received by all the Clerks in this Office, and to the belt of his Knowledge and Belief, the Lift of the said Clerks, dated the 20th of November Instant, transmitted by him to this Board, contains a true Account of all the Salaries, Fees, and Gratuities received by each of them for One Year, ending at Michaelmas 1780.

It appears by the Books in the Office, that upwards of Twenty-two Millions were issued last Year from the Exchequer; for the issuing and keeping the Accounts of which, neither the Auditor nor his Clerks took any Fees whatever.

Edward Wilford.

Guy Carleton,

T. Anguijk,

A. Piggott,

Richa Neave,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 28.

The Examination of Mr. William Jones, Tally Writer to the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer 5 taken upon Oath, 8th November 1781.

This Examinant faith. That he executes the Office of Tally Writer to the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer; it is his Business constantly to attend

in the Tally Court, to take Cognizance of all the Sums received by the Four Tellers, from the Bills thrown down by them into the Tally Court, and to enter them into the Certificate Book, and every Day to transmit an Account of them to the Auditor's Office; every Week he examines the Receipts of the WTeek with the Clerk of the Pells.

The Profits of this Office coniift of Two Allowances, and Fees; one of the Allowances, as he believes, is One hundred and Twenty Pounds a Year, paid by the Auditor; the other an ancient Allowance of Thirty-five Pounds Two Shillings a Year, paid to him by Debenture. The Fees arise from the Tallies: He every Week receives from the Deputy Chamberlain, the Fourth Part of those Fees that belongs to the Auditor and his Clerk; and every Quarter pays the Auditor's Share of those Fees to his First Clerk.

He has been in this Seat only since the 5th of April last, and cannot therefore tell what is the Amount of the Year's Profits; but he believes in Time of War, the gross Produce may amount to about Four hundred and Ninety Pounds a Year; out of which must be deducted, Nineteen Pounds Eighteen Shillings for Taxes, and One hundred and Ten Pounds a Year for Clerks. In Time of Peace he believes the Nett Profits of this Office will not amount to Two hundred and Fifty Pounds a Year.

Wm Jones.

Guy Carleton,

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Richd Neave,

Sami Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N°29*

A n ACC O U NT of the Auditor of the Exchequer; specifying 5the Date of the Constitution by which his Place is held, the Name of the Person who holds the fame, and the Salary belonging thereto.

To his Grace Henry Duke of Newcastle, Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, on his ancient Fee by Constitution, dated 1 ft April 1751, for Life - -

More to him in Reward for his Attendance in Vacations, by general Letters Patent dormant, 6th

November 1760, beginning the present Kings Reign -....

There are also several Fees, Salaries, or Allowances, other than those above-mentioned, settled and allowed to the said Auditor, for himself and Clerks, in respect of his and their Labour, Pains, Charge, and Expences, that they are at in managing and performing the Business of Annuities payable at the Exchequer; which Allowances cease as soon as the respective Annuities, for the Payment of which they are granted, determine.

For the Business of Annuities on the 9 d. Excise, for 99 Years

More for Annuities, on \ Excise - - - .

More for Annuities, on £. 3,700 per Week Excise, granted A01703 and 1704 -

More for A0 1705 ....

More for examining the Tellers Vouchers ....

More for the Annuities, if0 1^07

More for the Business of Exchequer Bills....

More for Annuities, 1708, per ill Act 1708..... - .

More for Annuities, A0 1708, per 2d A & 1708 ....

£ 260 3 4

aoo — —

500 — — 150 ——

590 ——

410 — — 500 — — 190 — 3 650 — — 105 5 10 210 11 7

3>7 66

1 — >

N. B. For al! other Annuities payable at the Exchequer, the Auditor has no Allowance, For Annuities ' granted for the following Years, 1745, 1746, 1757, 1766, 1778, and 7799.

_ , Newcastle.

Exchequer,

27th September 1781.

N°30,

22 Geo. III. n® Februarii.

m

N® 30.

A LIS T of the Auditor's Clerks, with their Yearly Allowance, Fees, and Gratuities, from Michaelmas 1779

to Michaelmas 1780.

Mr. Wilford, The First Clerk's Fees -

By Order from the Treasury -New Year's Gifts -Gratuities.

Out of which he paid,

To Mr. Hughfon, Debenture Clerk Mr. Acxoorth, Clerk of the Tally Court Mr. Jennings, Clerk of the lll'ues Mr. Pynyot, Assistant to the 1 ft Clerk -

Mr. Haworth, D®

Feees on his Appointment -Land Tax, and \Jh. and 6d. Duty

Remains

£. s. d. 3,001 16 8

100 ——

122 17 — 20 ——

£, Sm

3>244 '3 *

244 15 2

120 ——

20 — -

30 ——

20 ——

5 5 — 52 10 —

492 10 2

2>752 3 6

Mr. Hughfon, From the First Clerk -Fees from the Army -on Imprest Rolls For entering Wills and Probates Entering Warrants Navy Certificates - <

New Year's Gifts -

Out of which he paid.

To Mr. Paddy -

Mr. Fisher and Mr. Moreau -Land Tax, and \Jh, Duty - ,

Remains

Mr. Jennings, From the First Clerk -

For keeping the Detinuae Book - -

Fees and Allowances, as per Lift given the Commissioners Gratuities from divers Persons -

/ Out of which he paid,

To Mr. Paddy ——

Land Tax, and 6 d. Duty -

Remains

Mr. Pynyot, From the Auditor -

First Clerk -New Year's Gifts -

Gratuities -

Out of which he paid.

To Mr. Fisher, for Assistance Gratuities to Sundries -

Remains

Mr. Fisherf. From the Auditor - -

Mr. Hughfon ——

Mr. Pynyot ——

New Year's Gifts ——

Mr. Moreau, From the Auditor ——

Mr. Hughfon, ——

Vol. 38.

244 *5 2

23 2 —

41 5 —

15 *7 6

74 12 6

6 — —

33 1 — 438 *3

40 — —

20 — —

22 10 — 82 10

m - - 356 3 2

20 _ —

IO 10 —

285 18 6

20 — 336 8

U

20 —

11 15 — 31 15

- - 0 CO 13 6

70 — —

30 — —

35 2 —

4 4 — 139 £

O

10 10 —

2 12 — *3 2

- - - 126 4 —

70 — —

TO — —

IO 10 —

3 3 — 93 13

70 — —

10 — 80

Mr.

Sixth Report of Commissioners of Public Account*.

734

ii° FebAtarii.

A. 1782.

Sixth Repprt of Commis- Mr. (loners of Public Accounts.

Mr.

From the Auditor Fees and Gratuities

From the Auditor -Fees and Gratuities

Mr. Wrench, From the Auditor -

Mr. Haworth, From the Auditor -

First Clerk Million Bank

Mr. Finnes, Mr. Cocks,

Mr. Paddy,

Mr. Hucks,

From thfe Auditor -

From the Auditor -Feeis and Gratuities

Paid to Mr.

From the Auditor - Mr.

Mr. Jennings Paid to Mr. Winchester

From the Auditor Fees and Gratuities

Paid to Mr. Winchester

Mr. Edmond}, From the Auditor -

Mr. Cracroft\ From the Auditor -

Fees, New Year's Gifts, as per Lift

Mr. F. Cracroft, From the Auditor New Year's Gifts

Mr. Hayes,

Mr. Sax

Mr. Me

Mr. Aac

From the Auditor - - - .

Out of which he paid Taxes, £. 8. with New Year's Gifts, and Office Cleaner -

From the Auditor ——

Out of which he paid Taxes 12/. with New Year's Gifts, and Office Cleaner ——

From the Auditor ——

Mr. J,

From the Jnrft Clerk By Debenture -

New Year's Gifts -Fees on Customs and Excise Tallies Tally Court Order

Out of which he paid.

To Mr Jones Mr. Aiotcbray Taxes 19/. 18 s. with Incidents

From Mr. Acworlh

Mr. Alozebray, From Mr.

New Year's Gifts

From the Land Tax Office

Exchequer, 20th 1781.

i- * d\

200 -

27 19 61

80 1 2 8 6

- -

40 —

20

— 10 6

- -

86 _ —

*4 — 9

- -

do __

40 —

20 — —

- -

66 . —

24 — 9

«» -

- -

266

1 ()8 17 —

IOO —

5 5 — j

185 —

10 7 —

*37 16 —

15 10 6

- -

ICO _ _

36 10 —

2 2 —

266 7 4

I 70 '3 3

7°

40 —

20 18 —

- -

4° ——

2 6 —

>5 — —

£ d.

227 i9 6

2 6

50 ——

6b id 6 200 ——

104 -Jr 9

15 ——

89 — 9

80

20

60 ——

84

IS

— 9

69

60 — —

308 17 -

105 5 "*

174 *3 —

121 19 6 40 ——

495 14 7

130 18 —

57

6 -

Edward Wilford,

First Clerk to the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer.

N*

2 2 Geo. III

110 Februarii. 735

Jf* 5 1. Sixth Feport

of (Jommif-

These are to certify, that the several Fees, Salaries, and Allowances, hereunder mentioned, have, as well by Public Ac-ancient Custom as by virtue of Letters Patents, Constitutions, or other Air horities in that Behalf, been paid counts, to the officers.arid Ministers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, either in Right of their respective Offices and Employments, or in Reward for sundry Services, as is herein after specified, and the Dates of their several , Appointments.

Dates of Their several Appointments.

id July 1757. l April 1751.

9th ^771739.

7th April X 75 3. 7 I ft August 1742. )

6th December 1755. 7 7th April I7S3* J

6th December 1755.

6th December 1755. 7 ad July 1756. j

loth May 1718. 3o:h August 1727-,) 6ih November 1756. £ 9th May 1736. 3

12th February 1742.1 7th May 1742. I 29th March 1746. f

1750. J

19th July 1713.

To the Chancellor and under Treasurer of the Exchequer, on his several Fees of 26L 13. 4d. per Ann* and 173/. 6s. id. per Ann. -To the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer, on his Fee of To D°, more, in Reward for his Attendance in Vacations -To D°, more, on 36/. 10s. per Ann. and 20/. per Ann. for Two Clerks To the Clerk of the Pells, on his Fees of 90/. icj. 4f/. 20/. and 6t/. 135*. 4 d. per. Ann. ——

To D®, in Reward for his Attendance in Vacations -To D°, more, in Reward for his Attendance on the Treasury, for Dispatch of Public Affairs ——

To Ditto, in lieu of 161. 13^. <±d. and 81. 15.V. per Ann. heretofore paid to him by Tallies of Alignments on the Customs ——

To D°, in Reward for his Service in locking up and delivering out the Treasure ——

To the Two Chamberlains of the Exchequer, 52/. 3s. 4d. per Ann. each

£. s.

200 --- —

260 3 4

200 ——

56 10 —

172 6 8

20 ——

100 — — 25 8 4

50 ----- --♦

104 6 8

To the Two Deputy Chamberlains of the Exchequer, for striking Tallies, 10 I. per Ann. ——

To D'on 40/. per Ann. each, payable Termly, for the extraordinary Service in sorting and ordering Records ——

To the Senior Deputy Chamberlain, in Reward for his Service in locking up and delivering out the Treasure, 40/. per Ann. -To the Two Deputy Chamberlains, for joining Tallies, 5 Ann. each

To the Officers and Clerks of the Tally Court, Yearly, on a Latin Order drawn in that Behalf ——

To the Eldest of the Four Tellers of the Exchequer, on 33/. 8 per Ann.

co — —

80 ——

40 ——

10 — —

35 — —

33 6 8

O

To the Three other Tellers of the Exchequer, on 31/. 13s. 4 per Ann. each

95 ——

To the Four Messengers of the Receipt of Exchequer, on 4! per , or 61. if).r. lod. per Ann.each ——

Garcoitz Receipt -

To the Porter attending at the Gate of the Receipt, in Reward for his Attendance there ——

To the Auditor's First Clerk, now Bobert Esquire, for his extra-

ordinary Service, performed in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer on his Allowance of 100l. per Ann.

To a Clerk in the abovesaid Office, for his extraordinary Service and Pains in-making and keeping the Register for the several Orders of Loans in that Office ——

To William Lozvndes, Esquire, Auditor of the Revenues, for 5 Audits, at 20 per Ann. each -

27 7 4

1 ——

20 — < —

100 — —

50 ——

100 — —

1,801 9 —

There are also several Fees, Salaries, or Allowances, other than those above-mentioned, settled and allowed to the Officers of the said Receipt, in respect of the Labour, Pains, Charge, and Expence they are at in managing and performing the Business of Annuities payable there;

that is to say.

To the Auditor of the Receipt, for the Business of Annuities charged on thegrf. Excise, for 99 Years, £ 500 per Ann. -

"More for Annuities on-J-Excise

More for Annuities on £. 3,700 per Week Excise, granted for 1703 and 1704 -

More for Annuities A 1705 ——

More for examining the Teller's Vouchers ——

More for Annuities A‘ 1707 ——

More for the Business of Exchequer Bills ——

More for Annuities 1708,1 ft Act ——

More for Annuities 1708, 2d Act ——

To the Clerk of the Pells, for the Business of Annuities charged on the 9 Excise for 99 Years,

£. 400 per Ann..... ——

More for Annuities on £. 3,700per Week Excise, granted 1703 and 1704 -

More for Annuities 1705 - - - - . -

More for Annuities 1707 ——

Vol. 38. 9 B

500 ——

150 ——

59° ——

410 ——

5°o ——

19° —

650 ——

105 5 to

210 11 7

400 ——

280 ——

320 — — 83 7 —

More

S:xth Report of Commissioner* of Public Account.

736

i i° Februarii.

A. 178 a.

More for Annuities 1708, ill Act ——

More for Annuities 1708, ad Act -

To the Four Tellers, for the Business of Annuities charged on the gd. Excise, for 99 £. 300 per Ann. ——

M ore for Annuities on £. 3,700 j>er Week Excise granted 1703 and 1704

More for Annuities 1705 ——

More for Annuities 1707 ——

More for Annuities 1708, ift Act ——

More for Annuities 1708, ad Act ——

Years,

Exchequer, the 2d Day of December 1760.

£ ' d.

48 19 $

97 I. it

300 — —

560 — —

240 — ——

97 4 4

53 *7 4

i°7 *4 9

5»900 — —

A true Copy.

Lincoln.

E. Wilford, ift November 1781.

N* 32.

After our hearty Commendations, By virtue of His Majesty's General Letters Patent dormant bearing Date 4»tli November 1760: It appearing unto us, by your Certificate, bearing Date the 2d Day of December 1760, and which is hereunto annexed, that the several Fees, Salaries, and Allowances thercinmentioned, and amounting in the Whole to the Yearly Sum of One thousand Eight hundred and One Pounds Nine Shillings, have, as well by ancient Custom and by virtue of Letters Patent, Constitutions, or other Authorities, been paid to the several Officers and Ministers of the Receipt of the Exchequer therein described, either in Right of their respective Offices and Employments, or in Reward for #sundry Services in the said Certificate specified: Now, to the Intent that Payment may be made to the said Officers and Ministers, of all such Sums of Money as remained due to them on the said Fees, Salaries, and Allowances, on the Day of the Demise of his late Majesty King George the Second, and that they may continue to receive the said Fees, Salaries, and Allowances, as the same shall become due and payable unto them, for any Time from and after the said Day; These are, by virtue of the Letters Patent, Constitutions, or Authorities, whereby the said Officers and Ministers re-lpeftively held, or now do or shall hold, the said Offices and Employments, or of His Majesty's general Letters Patent dormant, bearing Date the 6th Day of November 1760, as the same may respectively relate to the Payments to be made in pursuance hereof, to pray and require your Lordship to make and pais Debentures, or draw Orders (as may be requisite) for paying unto the Officers and Mininers afore-mentioned, all such Sum and Sums of Money as remained due to them on or for any Time before the 25th October 1760, being the Day of the said Demise, for or upon any of the Fees, Salaries, or Allowances afore-mentioned, and «lfo for so paying from Time to Time hereafter, in the ufnal Manner, and at the accustomed Terms and Days of Payment, to such Officers and Ministers, all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall grow or have become due and payable to them, for any Time or Times from and after the said 25th 1760, on the said

Fees, Salaries, and Allowances: and let the Debentures to be made, or Orders to be drawn as aforesaid, for the Monies payable on the said several Fees, Salaries, and Allowances, for any Time before and for the said 25th Udober 1760, be satisfied out of any Monies in the said Receipt of the Revenues, which were applicable to the Uses of his said late Majesty's Civil Government; and let the Debentures to be made, and Orders to be drawn in pursuance hereof, for the Monies that shall become payable on the said Fees, Salaries, and Allowances, for any Time from and after the said 25th October 1760, be satisfied out of any Monies which shall from Time to Time remain in the said Receipt, appli-18

cable to the Uses of His present Majesty's Civil Government. And whereas it appears by the said Certificate, that there is also several Fees, Salaried, or Allowances (otherthan those above ment ioned) settled and allowed to the Officers of the said Receipt, in respect to the Labour, Pains, Charge, and Expence they are at in managing and performing the Business of Annuities payable there; which said (aft-mentioned Fees, Salaries, and Allowances together, according to the Particulars expressed in the said Certificate, amount to the Yearly Sum of Five thousand Nine hundred Pounds; These are, by virtue and in pursuance, as well of the Powers given unto us in this Behalf, by the several Aft# of Parliament passed concerning the said Annuities, or concerning the respective Funds appointed for orcharged with the Payment of the fame, as of any other Power# in us being, to pray and require your Lordship to make and pass Debentures, or draw Orders, as may be requisite for paying unto the said last mentioned Officers of the said Receipt, as well as all such Sums of Money as remain due to them in respect of the said last mentioned Fees, Salaries, or Allowances, on or for any Time before the said 25th of October 1760; as also for paying to such Officers, from Time to Time hereafter, in the usual Manner, and at the accustomed Terms or Days of Payment, all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall grow or have become due and payable to them for any Time or Times from and after the said 25th Day of October 1760, on the same Fees, Salaries, or Allowances; which said several Debentures or Orders are to be satisfied out of the Monies of the said respective Funds arisen or to arise in the said Receipt, and applicable to the Payment of the said Annuities, according to the Directions and true Intent and Meaning of the said respective Acts: And for so doing this shall be your Lordfiiip's Warrant.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, the Third Day of January 1760.

Hollis

B. Legge,

To Henry Earl of Lincoln, James Oswald.

Auditor of the Receipt

of His Majesty's Exchequer.

A true Copy.

E W, ift November 1781.

Si-

li

22 Geo. III.

11 0 Februari

N*33-

737

A TABLE of ancient, just, and legal Fees, taken by the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and his Clerks, as settled by the Lord Chief Baron and Barons of the Choir of Exchequer, and by them presented to the Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament, pursuant to an Act of Parliament of the Third

of IFilliamami Mary, and by

Ancient Custom.

For all Monies issued for the immediate Service of the Navy

— all Money issued to the Army ——

— alt Pensions, Annuities, Rewards, Free Gifts, Salaries, and Fees, without Account,

if the same be issued by Order or Debenture - - - - *

From the Mailer of the Ordnance ——

--- the Keeper of the Privy Purse ——

-- the Cofferer ——

---- Money issued under the Title of Secret Service, by which many Pensions, Free

Gifts, &c. have been paid; but under this Head, the Services not being known, the Fees could not be reduced to a proper Head, and therefore by Agreement were abated to Half Fees ——

To the Mailer of the Robes, by ancient Custom ——

— the Treasurer of the Chamber ——

— the Mailer of the Wardrobe, by ancient Custom ——

— the Paymaster of the Works, by ancient Custom ——

— the Mailer of the Horse ——

the Lieutenants of the Tower, for Quarterly Bills -

Ambaffarlors and Envoy s, for their Entertainment .---»,

_ «f *

D % for their Equipage and Extraordinaries ——

Judges and Barons ——

King's Goldsmith, for Plate -

King's Jeweller -

Mailer of the Mint ——

The Coal Farm Defalcations -

Services upon Account, except Navy and Forces ——

The King's Barber, for Barbing Linen ——

— Idler of the Receipt -

—— Ulher of the Court of Exchequer ——

Lord Privy Seal, for Diet -

Winifor Works -

Repairs of Lodges and Parks - - - -

Surveyors of the Highways -

Messengers Bills -

Tents and Toyls - - - - -

New Year's Gifts from the King ——

Queen Dowager's Treasurer ——

Band of Pensioners, per Quarter ——

For drawing, preparing, and examining all Orders for the Public Loans For directing and entering all Principal and Interest payable from the said Loans r For registering A Alignments of Orders upon all the said Loans -For making Books of Abstra&sof each Number and Sum payable, of the said several Orders of Loans, as they are directed Weekly, for Interest -For making other Books of Abstracts from each of the Registers, of every particular Order and Sum lent, denoting what Sum each particular Order Hands registered and payable after, and endorsing the same on the Back of every Order of Loan -For making Accompts thereof, from Time to Time, for the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, touching the same - ....

For entering Privy Seals (or Copies) - -

— entering Letters Patent (or Copies) of One Skin ——

— entering Assignments of Pensions -

— entering Powers of Attorney and Probates of Wills for Pensions *

— entering Bills of Disbursements or Allowances, per Quarter :-

— entering Warrants or Copies ——

— entering Sign Manuals or Copies -

— all Imprest Accounts (except Army or Navy) Yearly -

— Army and Navy Imprest Accounts Yearly, or at so much Roll -

— making Copies of loft Orders ——

— Money issued to pay the old Bankers Debts, for each £. i,oooo, which is Part of the 2 d.per Pound detained by the Tellers ....

— entering Assignments, Probates, and Administrations, relating thereto -

— Copies of Entries of original Assignments relating thereto -

— entering Letters of Attorney relating thereto ....

— Copies of Entries of Probates, Administrations, and Letters of Attorney, relating thereto ——

— entering a Dormant Warrant ——

— Certificates of Pensions ----.....y.

Auditor, per Cent.

£ s- d-Nil.

— 2 IO

Nil.

Nil.

Nil.

— to —

Nil. 5 ~

— 5 —

— i3 4

— - io —

— 15 —

Nil.

— 5 —

— io —

— i 6

— io —

— io —

Nil.

— io —

— 10 —

— 4 —

— io —

— IO --

— 4 —

— IO --

— 10 —

io 15 --

Nil.

Nil.

Nil.

Nil.

Clerks, per Cent.

£. s.

Nil.

----- -8

d.

Nil.

Nil.

Nil.

Nil.

2

1

6

3

----- 6

Nil.

— 1 3

4

6

9

Nil.

Nil.

Nil.

Nil.

Nil.

— 10 — -

Nil.

Nil,

Nil.

Nil.

Nil.

— 10 —

Nil.

Nil.

Nil.

Nil,

Nil.

3

2

3

t

2

5 2 2

— 2

— 2 — - 1

— 2

— 2

— 5

— 1

— 2

to

Nil.

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

Nil.

Nil.

Nil

Nil.

Nil.

Nil.

-46

4

10

5 2 2 2

4

lo

6

6

6

6

i 2 6

3

Nil.

Nil.

— 1 — — 2 b

— 26

2 6

5 —

2

Exchequer, 27th September 1781, V8L. 38.

Newcastle.

N-34.

Sixth Report of Commissioners of Public Accounts.

Sixth Report

of Co 'vni!-' fior»e:\s of Public Accounts.

738

i i° Februarii.

N* 34-

A. 1782.

Adhuc Coia de Termio Sci Micins Anno Quarto Regis Gulielmi et Reginas Marias. Adhuc Reed'd.

Srrmm } Compertum eil in quodam Libro Ordinacon five decret liujus Sccij. (vis.') Inter Ordin five decret

f) tenore cniuftlm Ordin Pctirhirn.a /rle hoc Termio Sci Michis Anno Quarto Regni Regis et Reginae Gulielmi et Rrgbifp Marisb Fol in Sccio remaneu & ibm in Custod Rememator dcor Dnor Regis et

Ei-ru nmn Deni Su.nar / Reginae existen tft fequitr. ff Martis viceflimo quinto die Oftobris fi. Whereas in ivihmemi a, IC*t\imaby an Act of this present Parliament, made in the Third Year of the Reign of Rpciii r.:i tenio ^their present Majesties King William and Queen Mari), intituled, An Act for granting an f* , A,*ii & Aid to their Majesties, of the Sum of Sixteen hundred Fifty-one thousand Seven hundred and

Supplement X J ~ . XXT . _ _» .

hie irr. / Two Pounds Eileen Shillings, towards the carrying on a vigorous War against France, it is ' provided and enacted, That no Fees should be demanded or taken by any Officer of the Exchequer, or of any the Officers thereof, for the receiving or issuing any of the Money granted by the said Act, or any other Act of this present Parliament, for Aids and Supplies to their Majesties, but such ancient and legal Fees as shall be allowed by the Lord Chief Baron and Barons of the Coife at the Court of Exchequer, to be Cuch and not other wise; and that the said Chief Baron and Barons fJiall, and are thereby required to present a Table or Schedule of the said Fees so by them allowed, to the Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament, at the next Session to be holden for this or any next succeeding Parliament In pursuance therefore of the said Act of Parliament, we have called before us the Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, and received Information of the Fees demanded or taken by the said Officers for the receiving and issuing of the aforesaid Monies; and upon hearing of them, and Consideration of the whole Matter, we do allow the Fees mentioned in the Tables or Schedules hereunto annexed, and no other, to be ancient legal Fees, and from henceforth to be demanded and taken by the said Officers, for the receiving or issuing any of the Money aforesaid. And we do present a Table or Schedule of the said Fees so allowed as aforesaid, to the Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament, and according to the said Act of Parliament.

The Auditor.

A TABLE or Schedule of the ancient and legal Fees allowed by the Lord Chief Baron and Barons of the Coife of the Court of Exchequer, to be demanded and taken by the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the receiving or issuing any of the Monies granted by an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to their Majesties, of the Sum of Sixteen hundred Fifty-one thousand Seven hundred and Two Pounds Eighteen Shillings, towards the carrying on a vigorous War against France, or any other Act of this present Parliament for Aids and Supplies to their Majesties.

For the receiving of Money*

For every Tally upon Land Taxes or Polls, be the Sums more or 7efs

For every Thousand Pounds paid iu for Excise by Tally, being the like Fee which hath been paid }

for Monies paid in for Customs.....j

Memoranda That all Aids and Supplies are comprehended under these Two Heads.

iiij4

vjd

For issuing of Money*

For Three Millions and One hundred thousand Pounds, expressly by the said Acts appropriated 7 to the Navy, and for all other Sums that have been issued, or what shall hereafter be issued to>

the Navy - - j

For all Monies arising by thele Aids and Supplies, which have been appropriated or issued to the Land Forces, according to an Agreement made in the Year One thousand Six hundred and Sixty-seven, by the then Lord Treasurer, Lord General, and Chancellor of the Exchequer, by ana with the Confect of the Officers of the Exchequer, attested by the Right honourable Sir Stephen Fox, Knight, One of the Lords Commissioners of their Majesties Treasury; by which \ Agreement, the Auditor's Fees are lessened from Two Pence in the Pound, which amounts to ( Sixteen Shillings Eight Pence per Cent, and were die ancient legal Fees for Services of this Nature, to id = tVbV per Pound, which is his Share of 1 per Pound, settled by the aforesaid Agreement for all the Officers of the Exchequer; so that his and his Clerks Share amount to

Memorand. That these Fees are deducted from the Soldiers out of their Pay, and are not placed upon the King's Account.

Nil.

ijj'vj* per Ceni.

' For

22 Geo. III.

tr FebruariL

739

For all Pensions, Annuities, Rewards, Free G'fts, Salaries, Fees, fife. without Ac-7 count, if the same be paid by Order or Debenture - -

For the fame, if the same were paid by Tally of Alignment de regardo *

For Money issued under the Title of Secret Service, by which many Pensions, Free! Gifts, hie. have been paid; but under this Head, the Services being not known, I the Fee could not be reduced to a proper Head, and therefore by Agreement I v. ere abated to Half Fees - -J

The Fees hereafter mentioned, are attested by a Tabla of Fees received from Mr. William Burges, in the Year One thousand Six hundred Seventy-six* who had been a long Time a Clerk in the said Office, asserted upon the Oath of Mr. George Raynton, now a Clerk in the said Office; whichuFees were anciently brought under the Head of Pensions, Salaries, Wages, fife, the Officers hereafter mentioned making divers Payments to those Uses, and then paid the Fee of Five and Twenty Shillings per Cent, as before* but for, many Years last pall were brought under particular Heads, and the Fees were, by Agreement or Usagein the Exchequer, lessened according to several Proportions; viz.

The Keeper of the Privy Purse ——

The Cofferer - -. -

The Treasurer of the Chamber ——

The Mailer of the kobes -

The Paymaster Of the Works - - - - -. - -

The Mailer of the Wardrobe ——

The Office of the Ordnance -

The Mailer of the Horse -

The Lieutenant of the Tower per Quarter for his Bills -

Ambassadors and Envoys, for Equipage and Extraordinary -

Ambassadors and Envoys, for their Entertainment ——

Judges and Barons ——

Judges of Walts -

Goidsmith for Hate ——

The Jeweller -

The Mint -

The Coal Farmers Defalcations ——

Services upon Account, expejrt Navy and Foroeis -

The Kings Barber, for Barbing Linen

The Tiber of the Receipt ——

The Ullier of the Court of Exchequer -

The Lord Privy Seal's Diet ——

Windsor Works ——

Repairs of Lodges and Parks ——

Surveyor of Highways - - - -

Meflepgers Bills -

Tents and Tovles ----- -- - - - . - -

New Year's Gifts from the King ——

The Queen Dowager's Treasurer ——

The Clerk of the Pells.

For the receiving of Money.

For every Tally upon Laud Taxes or Polls, be the Sum more or less -For every Thousand Pounds upon Tallies for Excise or Customs -

For issuing of Money.

For Three Millions and One hundred thousand Pounds, expressly by these Acts appropriated to the Navy, and for all other Sums that have been issued, which are much more, or what shall hereafter be iffned to the Navy -

For all Monies arising by these Aids and Supplies, which have been appropriated or issued to the Land Forces, 444* of a Farthing per Pound, which is -

For all other Monies arising by these Aids and Supplies, which have been issued to other Uses than before mentioned, the CJerk of the Pells hath received Fees acbording to the Heads of the Uses for which they were iffned; a Particular Of which Heads, with the Fees belonging to them, are asfblloweth,

For all Pensions, Annuities, Rewards, Free Gifts, Salaries, Fees, fife, without Account, to the Mailer* per Cttii. - - - -'

Vol. 38. 9 C

mj

vjj*

Tpthe Auditor, per Cent. Sixth Report To his Clerk, of Commit- rmt* fioneis of t Public Accounts*

* i

xvj\ viij4 ii*- xi*

X. u'- xi4>

T

Nil. Nil.

Nil. Nil.

Nil. NU.

Nil. Nil.

Nil. Nil.

Nil. Nil.

Nil. NU.

j'- Hi4-

xiij*. ihj4. iij*. iiij 4

XV*. iij*. ix.4.

X*. ii'- xi4-

Nil. Nil.

X*. j'- xi4-

v*. i- »ifr

X*. ii'- xf*

.)* XJ4. Nil.

j1- v*.

k\ H*. xi4-

X*. ii'- xf*

Nil. NU. '

X*. ii*- xi4-

X*. XJ4-

j1-

X*. ii'-g4*

X*. ii*- xi4*

j1. V*.

iiij*. j'.

X*. ii*- xi4-

X*. ii*- xj4-

Nil.

j*. vij". per Cent.

To

740 11° Februarii.

"SUth Report To the Clerk " ——

of Commis- f or t^e same Canfes, if paid by Tally of Assignment de regardo, Pound -Public Ac- To the Clerk, per Cent. ——

counts. There hath been, for many Years last pall, an Issue out of the Receipt, under the Title of Secret Service, by which many Pensions, Salaries, and Free Gifts, have been paid; but had their Services been known and specified, then the Fees had been due according to their proper Heads, but now, by this Method and Agreement, they pay only, per Cent. ——

The Privy Purse, per Cent. ——

The Cofferer ——

The Treasurer of the Chamber - -

The Master of the Robes -

The Wardrobe, per Cent. - -

The Payraafter of the Works, per Cent. ——

The Treasurer of the Navy ——

The Victualler of the Navy -

The Office of the Ordnance ——

The Mailer of the Horse, per Cent. ——

The Lieutenant of the Tower, for Quarterly Bills, per Quarter -Ambassador3 and Envoys, for Equipage, Extraordinaries, and Entertainment Judges and Barons ——

The Goldsmith, for Plate, per Cent. -

The Jeweller ;wr Cent. ——

The Mint, per Cent - -

Sea Coal Farmers Defalcations, per Cent.

The Usher of the Court of Exchequer, for every Order, being Three in a Year The Ulher of the Receipt ——

The Lord Privy Seal's Diet, per Cent. -

Repairs of Lodges and Parks, per Cent. ——

Surveyor of the Highways, per Cent. ——

Messengers Bills, per Bill -

Tents and Toyles ——

The Queen Dowager's Treasurer, per Cent. ——

- The Four Tellers.

For the receiving of Money.

Upon receiving the Money for all Aids and Supplies granted to their Majesties, the Tellers receive -

But their Clerks have for some Time Ia.fl pall taken for every Bill upon which a Tally is struck, for Land Taxes or Polls, be the same more pr lese, One Shilling, which is now reduced to - -

For every Thousand Pounds paid in for Excise, being the like Fee which was anciently paid for Cultoim -

A. 1782.

For the ilfuing of Money.

For all Monies appropriated or issued to the Navy ——

For all Monies appropriated or issued to the Land Forces, according to an Agreement made in the Year One thousand Six hundred Sixty-seven, by the then Lord Treasurer, Lord General, and Chancellor of the Exchequer, by and with the Consent of the Officers of the Exchequer, attelled by the Right honourable Sir Stephen Fox, Knight, one of the Lords Commissioners of their Majesties Treasury; by which Agreement, the Tellers Fees are lessened from Sixteen Shillings Six per Cent, to % -romper Pound, which is Seven Shillings Four Pence Cent, which is their

Share of the One Penny Halfpenny per Pound settled by the aforesaid Agreement, for all the Officers of the Exchequer; so that the Four Tellers and their Clerks Share amounts to ——

Memorand. That these Fees are deducted from the Soldiers out of their Pay, and are not placed upon the King's Account

For all Monies arising by the Aids and Supplies which have been issued to other Uses than before mentioned, the Four Tollers have anciently received Fees according to the Heads of the Uses for which they were issued.

A Particular of which Heads, with the ancient and legal Fee belonging to them, are as followeth; viz.

To the Mailer of the Horse ——

The Keeper of the Privy Purse

Mailer of the Wardrobe -

The Mailer of the Robes - - - .

The King's Cofferer -

ij*. vj4.

ij‘- vj‘-

vij*. vj4.

j*.

Nil.

Nil.

Nil.

j'-

j*-

Nil.

Nil.

Nil. ii*- vj".

vj*. viij4. vij*. vli4. Nil.

v*.

V*.

j'. ij*. vi4. Nil. vij*. vj4. v*.

Nil.

j*-

Nil. vj*. iij4.

Nil.

vnj

j »y

To the Four Tellers,

V11J"

To their Clerks per Cent.

Vllj4

57t*

x*.

iij* j'- vj4

'j* vjJ

viij

:a

1

‘j*- vj4.

'J4*

i‘.

iiij4.

Tha

— --5

22 Gfib. lit.

11° Febntarii.

*74 i

The Trraftirer of the Chamber * -

The Paymaster of the Works ——

The Lieutenant of t he Tower, for Wages ——

The Lieutenant of the Tower, for Diet of Prisoners ——

The Lieutenant of the Ordnance - -- -- -,-

Ti»e Queen's Treaftirer ——

The Prince's Cofferer -

The Paymaster of the Band of Pensioners ——

Tiie Warden of the Mint s... ——

The King's Goldsmith ——

The King's Jeweller- ——

Gunpowder, with such like Eruptions -

'flic Mailer of the Ceremonies ——

Farmers of Sea Coal Defalcations - -

Ambassadors and Agents, on their Ordinary. -

Ambaffors and Agents, on their Extraordinary ——

The Secretaries of State, for Intelligence ——

The Knight Harbenger -

Annuities, Rewards, Free Gifts, and such like - - - - .

For Money issued under the Title of Secret Service, by which many Pensions, Free Gifts, Kc. have been paid; but under this Head, the Services being not known, the Fees could not be reduced to a proper Head, and therefore by Agreement were abated to Half Fees ——

Repayment of Loans, and Interest -

The Judges and Barons - - - , -. -

The Deputy Chamberlains in the Tally Court

f To the Four Tellers, per Cent. To their Clerks* per Cent.

j*- tf-

ii'- yjd-

j‘. yj4-

j*. X*.

ii'- j‘-

iij*. iiij4. j*. viij4.

j‘- yi4- ' vi4.

j'- iiij4. iiij4.

ii*. yjd-

;j‘- .

iiij'- . J'-

ij‘- yj j'-

x\ V*.

>1 >jl J VJ- Nil;

x*. V*.

j1. X*.

X*. V*.

X*. V*.

ij‘. X*.

x*.

Nil. Nil.

Nil. Nil.

Sixth RepoH ot Com mif-(ioners of Public Accounts.

For Tallies upon Customs, for every Thousand Pound -

For Tall ies upon Duties laid on Wine, Vinegar, Tobacco, Goods, and I

other Merchandize, for every Thousand Pound -

This is the Establishment taken in Anno One thousand Six hundred Thirty-eight; and it also appears, by a Table of Fees written at the Beginning of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

For Tallies llruck upon Excise, for every Thousand Pounds -For Tallies on Duties laid on Spirits, Brandy, Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for every Thousand Pound ——

‘ Excise is the like great Revenue with Customs, and for that Reason, the same Fee hath been paid, ever since it was granted.

For Tax Money upon Land, and for Polls, for every Tally -

yj4.

yi‘-

vj‘.

t»iij

«u

The Deputy Chamberlain's Tally Joiners.

For all Tallies of Monies lent ——

For all Tallies of Excise per Tally ——

For all Tallies of Customs and New Impositions, per Thousand Pound -For allTallies of Receivers, for Taxes, being the same Fee which hath been anciently demanded and taken of all Receivers, per Tally - -

Tally Cutter.

For Tallies struck upon Customs, for every Thousand Pounds -For Tallies upon Duties laid on Wine, Vinegar, Tobacco, East India Goods, and other Merchandizes, for every Thousand Pound -

This is in the Establishment taken in Anno One thousand Six hundred Thirty-eight; and it also appears, by a Table of Fees written at the Beginning of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

For Tallies struck upon Excise of Beer, Brandy, and other Liquors, for every Thousand Pound -

Excise is the like great Revenue with Customs, and for that Reason, the same Fee hath been paid ever since it was granted.

For Tax Money upon Land, and for Polls, for every Tally - . -

Nil.

U*-

j-

yj4-

yj4-

yj

mj

Vol. 38

J

rn-f

p

(&'

f — h

n'

1

cr

n

8

OQ

FT

N*J5.

Av ACCOUNT of the Salaries, Allowances, Fees, and Gratuities, received by each Officer and Clerk in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, with the Deductions paid by, and the Nett Receipt of each, for the Year 1780 j distinguishing the Sums paid by the Public from those paid out of the Civil List, and by Individuals}, with the Nett Annual' Receipt in Time of Peace.

Offices.

Auditor -

First Clerk,

Clerks, - <

Name*.

Duke of N,

For Veftments, -

E. Wilford

J. Hughjon,

ti. Jennings,

II. Pynyot, -

J. Fi/her, -

D. Moreau,

N. Paxton,

W. Moon, -

E. IVrench

A. Haicorth

K. Finnes,-M. Cocks, -J. Paddy, -IE. IIucks, -R. Edmonds, IE. Cray croft,

F. Craycroft,

J. Hayes, -II. Saxby, -J. Mehettx,

A. Ackxvorth, IV. Jones, -P. Moubray,

Deduct Salaries and Allowances\ received by the Auditor and ( his Clerks, and paid over to ( other Clerics, - - )

<7*

Salaries *nd J* Allowances. Fee* and Grtkui tiea. Total of Salaries, Allowances, Fees, and Gaftuitits, \ By whom paid. Deductions. Nett Receipt, 1780.

{By the Public.: Out of the Gtvil Lift. By Individuals, 'Payments for Taxes, j Pay merits for Clerks. Payments for' Contingencies*

3,766 I *

4 J7 ~ *

3.770 18 — ijiioq 8 3 16,880 6 3 11,626 10 9 #35 — 9 4,4*8 *4 9 872 12 — r vfi6z 10 — 329 — 2 14,016 4 1 /»

100 3^44 *3 8 3.244 *3 '*.957 5 *° 174 i6! 8 1,112 ip 2 52 IO — 43+ l5 *' 5 5 — *,752 3 6

244 *5 *93.18 - 438 13 2 29 2 — - -- - .- 409 11 2 22 IO — 60 - 356 3 2

IO© IO 2.35. 18 6 336 81 6 - *5 3 6 70 — —: 251 5 — II 15 — 20 — — w 3°4 *3 6

IOO — 39 6 - *39 6 — - *39 6 — - 10 10 — 2 12 — 126 4 —

9° IO 3 3- 93 13 — - 93 *3 *3 — -

80 — _ m m 80 80 80 — —

200 — — 2719 6 227 19' 6 - - „ w 227 l9 6 227 *9 6

So — 11 8 6 92 8 6 - 92 8 6 - - - 92 8 6

5° — — m ~ 50 — — - > m 5° — — , r v ~ + m - 50

60 — — TO 6 60 10 6 i p 4p - — w 60 10 6 60 10 6

200 — . - - 200 — - m w w 200 — — 200 — —

80 — — 24. — 9 104 — 9 -: - 104 9 - - 15 — - - I9 — 9

80 _ — - tfo m mm — > 80 - w w 20 — — ' - - " 60 — *

60 — — 24 — 9 84 — 9 84 -e — 9 - - - i5 — r9 — 9

60 — — m 60 1 - . 60 _ m mm - — m 60 — —

200 — — 108 17 — 308 17 — 86 IO — 228 7 — V - - 308 17 —

xoo — ~ 5 5 — 10 5 5 — - . *°5 5 w v v . *°5 5 —

185 — — m * — - . 185 — 8 m v m 2 7 — 174 *3 —

137 10 — 9 *37 10 — - — *37 10 — 12 — — - 3 10 6 121 *9 6

40 — — , 40 — — > - 40 - > 40 —

227 3 3 268 9 4 495 12 7 - *07 3 3 388 9 4 19 18 — no — — I ~ 364 *4 7

7° — — . sm m 7° — — - m 70 — , 70 r ~

40 — — 176- 57 6 - - m + 57 6 — 57 6

6,356 < 5 *7*5 4 9 23.57* 11 2 i3.7°8 12 I 1,187 — 8 8,675 18 5 999 5 — 2,347. *5 2 343 *4 8 19,880 16 4

2,297 15 2 - 2,297 *5 2 - - - m 2,297 *5 2 2,297 15 "

4,058 3 17>2,5 4 9 21,273 16 — *3.7°8 12 1 1,187 " 8 6,378 3 3 666 5 - 50 343 *4 8 19,880 16 4

Nett Receipt in Time of Peace.

£. 7,000 — —

£ 9°° ——

-fc.

w.

r

i.

<1

00

N

22 Geo. III.

ii

fabruarii.

74$

N* 36;

An exact STATE of the Salaries, pees, and Gratuities, received by the Right honWe Sir Edward Walpole % K. B. Clerk of the Pelts, with the Total Amount thereof, for One Year, from Michaelmas 1779 to Michaelmas 1780.

Sixth Report of Commissionera Of Public Account

Allowances

for

Annuities.

90 Years and Survivorship

1703 ..

1704 -

1705 ..

1707 -

1708 — - ill AS -

1708 — 2d AS -Lives — 1745 -J — 1746

----- --1757 -

SuiV' — 1766 Lives — 1778 ----- --1779 '

Total per Annim Deductions of 1 6 d. per £.

Allowances

by

Constitution

For his own Fee -For his Clerk's Fee For his Constitution Fee

Total per Annum Deductions of r s. 6 d. per

bvLettereS fjor.lockinS up Tceafure P-1 \ For'attending on Coitfmissioners of the Treasury

Dormant 1 ^or a^*Bnd*n8 Terms and Vacations

Total per Annum Deductions of 1 s. 6d. per£.

Nil.

Nil.

Nil.

Nil.

Nil.

Nil.

£. s. d. 400 — — 200 — —

80 ——

0 20 - —

88 7 7

4* 19 5 97 18 11

i>*35 5 fi

92 >5 11

9° *3 4

20 — —

61 *3 4

172 6 8

12 *9 8

50

100 — —

45 8 4

195 8 4

14 13 4

£. s. d.

1,142 10 —

[59 7 ~

180 15 —

£. f. dt

Fees to the CICrk of the Pells (and his Clerk in the Tally Court) for receiving Money.

One Fourth Part of the Tally Court Fees belong to the Clerk of the Pells and his Clerk, with some very trifling- Exceptions.

Fees for all Tallies struck for Monies received at the Exchequer, fdrCustoms, Stamps, Excise, Land Tax, Houses and Windows; Servants, Salt, Hawkers and Pedlars, Hackney Coaches, Seizures, and other smaller Duties ——

Allowance from the Treasury for Tallies struck for Monies received for Contributions to Annuities and Lottery, for which no Fees are taken -Fees for Tallies of Pro or Assignation -Fees to the Clerk upon Conftats for Monies pud into the Exchequer ....

Annual Gratuities to the Clerk from various Public Offices, on New Year's Day -Ancient Allowance to the Clerk, from the Treasury, by Debenture, per Annum -The like for attending in Time of Vacation -

i-

Total to the Clerk of the Pells

Clerk of tho Pells. His Clerk. Total.

99 7 — 0 H 1 vo 366 7 IO

94 4 4 47 2 2 141 6 6

— 14 6* — 1 9* — 16 4

- - - 710 — 7 10 —

m M P-4 01 1 16 15 —

- - - 5 5

5 " — 5

194 5 lOf 348 9 9* 542 15 8 -

- - .

1,482 it +*

*94 5 10f

VojL. 38.'

9d

fee*

SixtliReport of Commissioners, of Public Accounts.

744

ii

Fihnarii.

A. 17^2.

Fees to the Clerk of the Pells for issuing Money.

Issued, Treasurer of the Navy.

----- --Paymaster of the Army, for voted Services, at)

16 s. per Thousand - - - j

— ---- — D* ----- —; — for Extraordinaries, at)

ioj. 8 rf. per Thousand - - *3

Treasurer of the Ordnance -

— Paymasters of Exchequer Bills

— Bank of England.

— 'South Sea Company -

— East India Company -

— Koval Family -

— Cofferer of the Household, and Treasurer of the)

Chamber - - - - 3

— Chancellor, Judges, and Makers in Chancery -

— Officers of the Treasury and Exchequer

— ----- ----- House of Lords and Commons

— Usher of the Receipt of Exchequer

— Exchequer Life and Long Annuities

— Various Issues of divers Natures

— Annuities, Pensions, Free Gifts, Rewards, Fees,)

or Salaries, at 10 per Cent. - - - J

Secret Service -Special Service Expences -Foreign Minifle Agents, fife. Welsh Judges

£ s. d.. £. s. d.

59,869 1 4i 224 10 5

I35,56o 611 507 16 10

87,946 13 10 . at 329 !5 5

s 61,556 10 0 7 s.6d. 231 — 2 \

70,544 11 34 per 264 10 8 f

5,375 Cent. 20 2 5

420,852 4 1,577 To 1L

Paymaster of Pensions, late Queen Caroline's Servants, and) late Princess of Wales's Servants, at 6s. 3 per Cent. Matter of the Robes - at 4*. per Cent.

Matter of the Horse - at is. 6d. per Cent.

1

Mint

Privy Purse -Works -Wardrobe King's Goldsmil

£ s. d.

17,322 16 OO

60,000 — —

52,13° 2 7 v

19,104 19 4

5,194 15 9

153,752 14 W

at 1 s. per Cent.

£ s. 8 12

d.

6

30 ——

26 1 6

9 12 2 12

3

76 18 3

s.

6,404,962. *5 5

3,199,564 x9 *1

4,010,291 *3 *

i>329>778 6 2

8,033,37* " ® 5,002,457 4 5* 794,642 9 5

127,687 10 — HL795 - 226,746 13 8fcNiI 37,607 18 5I

£. s. d.

Nil.

2»559 *3 — 2,138 8 16

11

21,833 1 — f

4,500 2 6 1

14440 "3 6 I

197,252 19 3 i

35,°53 6 61

M7,743 1 6* -1

420,852 4 2\

Nil.

Nil.

Nil.

Nil.

Nil.

Nil.

Nil.

737 11 10

i>577 15 11

76,935 5 8

3,942 — 2f 20,000 — -

153,75* 14 4t

Paymaster of the Band, Usher of the Court of Exchequer,) and Chancellor of Garter, at £.1. 2 6d. each Order 3

For entering the ' Messengers of the Court of Exchequer,) 18 Bills, at is. each Bill - - - - 3

— inrolling of Patents, Constitutions, and Contracts -

— entering 228 Privy Seals, and Sign Manuals, at 4 )

each - - - - 3

— entering 1,690Warrants, Bills, Certificates, Petitions,)

and Memorials, at zi. 6d. each - - - 3

Examining, entering, and signing Imprest Certificates Total Amount of Money issued in this Year

Gratuities to the Clerk of the Pells.

From the Paymaster of the Army -

- — ----- -- Treasurer of the Navy -

----- ---- Treasurer of the Ordnance -

...- Cofferer of the Household

— ----- --- King's Stationer ..

9,626 — 3

30,384,838 3 2

240 7

7 18

25 ----- -1

76 18 3

11 5 —

— l8 —

16 15 —

1 6 —

211 5

45 ——

7,700 2 8

55 1 —

7,700

55 ~

Allowances

2i Geo. III. 11* Februarii. 745

Allowances - - - £. s. d. Fees on receiving Money - 194 5 10O Fees on issuing Money - ] 7,700 2 8 j Gratuities - 1,482 12 — 7,894 8 6} 55 1 ~

Total Amount of Allowances, Fees, and Gratuities, to the-) Clerk of the Pells - - - - 3 Disbursed for Taxes, Salaries to the Deputy and Clerks, Engrossing Pell Office Records, and various incidental t Charges - - -,) 9>432 1 6* 1,834 9 6

Nett Produce to the Clerk of the Pells £. 7,597 12 — f

Ed. Roberts, Deput. Cler. Pellium.

37-

The Examination of Edward Roberts, Esquire, Deputy Clerk of the Pells; taken upon Oath, the 23d, 25th, 30th and 6th of

November, 1781.

This Examinant faith, That he executes the Office of Deputy and Fir (I Clerk to Sir Edward Walpole, Clerk of the Pells; it has not been usual, as he believes,' everfince the Beginning of this Century, for the Clerk of the Pells himself to transact any Part of the Business of this Office; it is now, and has been as long as he remembers, carried on solely by the Deputy. This Office confiiis of the Clerk of the Pells, his Deputy and First Clerk, and Fourteen under Clerks, One of which (the Clerk of the Introitus) has Fees, but no Salary; Thirteen of them have Salaries at his Pleasure; and to the Clerk of the Declarations he allows a Portion of his own Fees, for entering, examining, and signing Imprest Rolls.

It is the Business of this Office to enter and record all Money paid into or issued out of the Exchequer; to record all Instrumenls that relate to the ilfuing of Money; and to take Care that no Money is issued without a proper Authority. He has in his Custody a Key to , the Tellers Chelts, and attends Daily the opening the fame, whenever the Tellers receive or pay Money; he examines into the State of the Calli, and every Week makes up an Account of the Receipts, I flues, and Remains, on every particular Head of Revenue, of which there are now above Two hundred and [Seventy, and transmits it to ihe Treasury. Every Half Year he makes a Declaration, engrossed upon Parchment, of all the Receipts and Issues during that Half Yalf, of which One Copy is kept in the Office, and One transmitted to the Treasury: Helikewife, Twice a Year, examines, enters, and ligns the General Imprest Roll of all Persons who have received Money upon Account; likewise the particular Imprest Roll for every Accountant who applies for it.

The Emoluments, accruing to the Clerk of the Pells from this Office, comfift of Allowances and Fees, and some small Gratuities; all of which arc received by the Deputy, and accounted for to the Principal. The Allowances are certain Payments; some, for the Management of Annuities created by various Acts of Parliament, and paid out of the Funds applicable to the Payment of those Annuities; others;by Constitution or ancient Usage, and paid out of the Civil List: All of these are paid to him by Order or Debenture, made out, some Annually, some Half Yearly, some Quarterly, by virtue of the General Letters Patent dormant. The Sum Total received by the Clerk of the Pells, under this Head of Allowance, from Michaelmas 1779 to Michaelmas 1780, amounted to One thousand Six hundred and Three Pounds Eleven Pence; out of which were deducted for the Duties of One Shilling and of:; Vol. 38.

Six Pence in the Pound, One hundred and Twenty Pounds Eight Shillings and Eleven Pence; which reduced it to One thousand Four hundred and Eighty-two Pounds Twelve Shillings. He is entitled to Fees, either upon the Receipt or the Issue of Money; those upon the Receipt-arise from the levying of Tallies, are receiver I in the Tally Court, and consist of nearly One Fourth Part of the whole Receipt in that Court: The Total of these Fees amounted, in the Period above-mentioned, to One hundred and Ninety-four Pounds Five Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny. The Fees accruing to him from the Issue are at various Rates on, the various Services for which Money is issued: They are either according to the Rates Rated in the Barons Report, or, in some Instances, at a lower Rate, and are paid by the Persons receiving, OHt of the Sums they receive. There are also some other certain small ancient Fees, paid by. the Persons who apply for the Entry or Inrollment of various particular Initruments relating to the Issue of Money. The Amount of all these Fees was, in the Time above mentioned, Seven thousand Seven hundred Pounds Two Shillings and Eight Pence. There are likewise some small Gratuities received Annually by the Clerk of the Pells, at the Option of the Persons who give them, amounting to Fifty-five Pounds One Shilling. The Sum Total of all these Allowances, Fees, and Gratuities, received by the Clerk of the Pells, for One Year, ending at Michaelmas 1780, was Nine thousand Four hundred and Thirty-two Pounds One Shilling and Six Pence Halfpenny; out of which he paid for One Year's Land Tax, One hundred and Sixty Pojunds; for the One Shilling Duty, One hundred and Thirty-five Pounds; for Salaries to his Deputy and Clerks, One thousand Two hundred and Sixty Pounds; and for other incidental Expences, Two hundred and Seventy-nine Pounds Nine Shillings and Six Pence; making together One thousand Eight hundred and Thirty-four Pounds Nine Shillings and Six Pence; w'hich reduced the Nett Income of his Office for that Year, to Seven thousand Five hundred and Ninety-seven PoundsTwelve Shillings and a Halfpenny: Which Sum, he verily believes, was all the Money received by the Clerk of the Pells for the whole Profits of his Office during that Year. He believes, in Time of Peace the Nett Profits of this Office do not exceed Three thousand Three hundred Pounds a Year.

This Examinant further faith. That he is appointed to the Office of Deputy, by Deed under the Hand and Seal of the Clerk of the Pells;.he is constituted his First Clerk, by a separate Instrument under his Hand, and approved of, and sworn into that Office, by the Commissioners of the Treasury.

The Profits of his Office arise from a Salary, Fees, and Gratuities. His Salary is Four hundred aml Twenty Pounds a Year, paid him Quarterly by his Principal out of his Gross Receipts. This has been the usual Salary

paid.

Sixth Report of Commissioners of

Public

Accoqnts.

ii* Februarii.

A- 1782:.

Sixth Report of Commissioner* of Public Accounts.

aid to the Deputy and First Clerk ever since he has nown the Office, and depends on the Will and Pleasure of the Principal. His Fees consist of a Rate of Two Shillings and Six Pence Cent, upon One certain Issue, according to the Barons Report; and Ten Shillings a Skin for inrolling and signing Patents, and such like Instruments; and One Pound One Shilling for every Constat of Seizures; and a small Annual Allowance from the great Wardrobe, in lieu of Liveries. The Gratuities are received by him on New Year's Day, from various Offices, at their Option. The Sum Total of these Emoluments is Seven hundred and Three Pounds Six Shillings and One Penny; out of which was paid Twenty-two Pounds for Taxes, which reduces the clear Receipt of this Office for One Year, ending at Michaelmas 1780, to Six hundred and Eighty-one Pound Six Shillings and One Penny.

Edward Roberts.

Guy Carlelon,

T. Angui/h,

A. Piggott,

Richd Neave,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N*38.

The Examination of Mr. Henry Thomas, Clerk of the Introitus, in the Office of the Clerk of the Pells; taken upon Oath, lft November 1781.

This Examinant faith. That he is Clerk of the Introitus, in the Office of the Clerk of the Pells, and appointed by him. It is his Business to attend constantly in the Tally Court; to take an Account of and enter the Sums received by the Tellers from the Bills thrown down by them into that Court; te write " Recorded" upon each Bill; to charge the Tellers with the Sums they receive; to examine and compare with the Entry the Tallies when read by the Chamberlains, to see that they agree; to enter these Receipts in a Book kept for that Purpose, and afterwards to inroll them.

There is hung up in the Tally Court, a Table of the

Fees due to the Officers and Clerks; the Clerk of the Pells, and his Clerk in the Tally Court, sire entitled to One Fourth Part of those Fees; except in the Article of Sheriffs Proffers, and some other trifling Exceptions, in which there is some Variance from that Rule of One Fourth. All these Fees arise from the levying of Tallies, and are paid by the Persons applying for them. He and his Clerk are also entitled to One Fourth Pirt of the Allowance made by the Treasury to the Officers of the Tally Court, for Tallies of all Loans levied without Fees.

The Tally Court Fees are received by the Junior Deputy Chamberlain, and divided by. him frequently. The Clerk of the Introitus receives from the Deputy Chamberlain the Fourth belonging to the Office of the Pells, and accounts with the Deputy Clerk of the Pell* for the tJfe of his Principal, for Four Pence each Tally. He keeps the Remainder himself, which has always been considered as belonging to the Clerk. The Treasury Allowance is received from the Teller by the Deputy Clerk of the Pells, who pays to the Clerk of the Introitus One Third as his Share: He is also entitled to some small Fees for Tallies of Pro or Assignments and Constat^ and to Two small ancient Allowances of Five Pound* each, and receives some small Annual Gratuities from some public Offices.

The Sum Total of all these Profit* received by him, from Michaelmas 1779 to Michaelmas 1780, amounted to Three hundred Forty-eight Pounds Nine Shillings, and Nine Pence Halfpenny; out of which he paid, frw Taxes Nine Pounds Seven Shillings, which reduced hi* clear Receipt to Three hundred and Thirty-nine PouftH* Two Shillings and Nine Pence Halfpenny: He receivM no other Profit whatever for the Execution of this Office. He believes, in Time of Peace the Income will hot exceed Three hundred Pounds a Year.

Henry

Guy Carleton,

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Richd Neave,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drutnmotid.

N* 39.

A TABLE of Fees payable to the Clerk of the Pells and his Clerks, for issuing Money.

Annuities, Pensions, Free Gifts, Rewards, Fees, or Salaries - '

D° to the First Clerk - * - - - - .

Ministers Abroad, Lord Privy Seal's Diet, Secret Service, Expences, Sc.

Queen Dowager's Treasurer, Paymaster of Pensions]

Jeweller, Repairs of Lodges and Parks, Coal Farmers Defalcations Robes -

Matter of the Horse, for the Stables and Works at Mint, Privy Purse, Works, and Wardrobe -

Tallies of Pro, or Assignment, for Pensions, Sc.

D* to the Clerk ——

Monies voted for the Army

Extraordinaries for the Army ——

Ulher of the Court of Exchequer j -

Paymaster of the Band - - .

Lieutenant of the Tower, each Quarterly Bill -

The Messengers, 9 Bills each -

Inrollment of a Patent, or Constitution - -

Privy Seal, or Sign Manual - -

Probate of a Will, Letter of Administration, Certificate, Bill, or Single Warrant A Dormant Warrant ——

per Cent.

- Ditto Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto per Libr

Ditto per Thousand Ditto per Order per Quarter

per Skin

s.

10

2

1

5

4

2 1

6

6

3

— 26

16 — 10 8

2

t

6

t

6

6

8

I — —

— < 16

ri »

V'd V

fen

12 Geo. III.

ix* Februarii.

For examining, entering, and signing Imprest Certificates, viz*.

Paymaster of the Forces ——

Treasurer of the Navy ——

Treaftxrer of Ordnance ——

Other Accountants ——

747

/. s. d. $i*th Report

of Commif-

l Q — fioneri of

r ___ ____ Public Accounts.

2 IO —

2 — —

Mem4m. On receiving Money in the Exchequer, TaMies are levied by the Officers of the Tally Court, for which they are entitled to Fees at various Rates, as specified in a Copy of the Table of Tally Court Fees, delivered to the Commissioners. One Fourth Part of those Fees belong to the Clerk of the Pells (and his Clerk in the Tally Court) and are Hated in the Account annexed.

Ed. Roberts.

Deput. Cler. Pellium.

N* 40.

The Particulars Commissioners of the Sum of £. 1,834. 9.?. Sd. stated in the Clerk of the Pells Account (and delivered to the s of Public Accounts) as the Disbursements in his Office, for the Year 1780, are as follows:

Land Tax, affelled at £. 80 o per Annum Duty of 1 Jh. per Lib. assessed at £. 2,700 per Annum - -

Salaries to Deputy and 13 Clerks -

Paid to Clerks, by Sir Edward Walpole's Order, for some extraordinary Business

Engrossing Pell Office Records - -

Entering Warrants, Sic. - -

New Year's Gifts - -

Bonfires - -

Expended for maintaining Soldiers during the Riots in June and July 1780

/. d.

160 —

135----

1,260----

3146 qz 11 6

f 9"

64 1 —

4 -

45 3 6

1,834 9 6

Ed. Roberts, Deput. Cler. Pellium.

N* 41.

An exact STATE of the Fees and Gratuities-received by the Officers and Clerks in the Office of the Clerk f the Pells, with the Total Amount thereof for One Year, from Michaelmas 1779 to Michaelmas 1780.

Deputy and First Clerk, Mr. Edward Roberts.

Fees. On Annuities, Pensions, Free Gifts, Rewards, Fees, or Salaries, amounting in this Year to £. 147,743. 1. 6£, at 2 6d. per

Cent.

*- — For- enrolling and signing Patents, Constitutions, Contracts, Sic.

« — For signing Conflats of Seizures - — From the-Great Wardrobe, in Lieu of Liveries

Gratuities. From various Offices on New Year's Day r — By Halfpence, from £. 6. to £. 10 per Annum

l- s. d.

184 2 7

J5 —

4 4 —

2 7 6

59 17 —

8

s.

d

2I5. 9

67 17

Clerk in the Tally Court (Clerk of the Introitus) Mr. Henry Thomas. Vide Clerk of the Pells AooooUnt of FeeB for receiving. Money -

Clerk of the Exitus, Mr. Charles Roberts.

Fees. By Yearly Order, apd Half Yearly Debenture.

Gratuities. From various Offices, and on various Issues

Clerk of the Declarations, Mrw William Kingstnan.

Fees. For making opt and entering. Imprest Rolls ... Gratuities. From various Offices -

f. d.

1 i©£

33 *9 ~

6

£. s. d. 22 10 — 8 8 —

Mr. Blake, principal Clerk in the Old Annuity Pell Office, Mr. Barron, Clerk of the Patents, and Mr. Cotton, Assistant Clerk, receive each of them Four Guineas annually from the Bank

of England

Two Guineas is given annually at Christmas amongst Four Annuity Clerks, by the Directors of the Million Bank ——

Total Amount of Fees and Gratuities, received by the Deputy and Clerks in the Pell Office -

483

348

9 9*

40 —

30 18 —

12 12 —

717 8 9

N. B. No Clerk in the Pell Office has any Fee or Gratuity whatever but as here Hated; and the Salaries of the Deputy and the Clerks are allotted by the Clerk of the Pells himself, and paid by him out of his Gross Receipt every Quarter.

Ed. Roberts Deput. Cler. Pellium.

Vol. 38. 9 E

SixthRcport

Of C'OTl-

mitFiouers of

Public

Accounts.

748 n0 Februariu A. 1782.

N" 42.

The Names of the Deputy and Clerks in the Pell Office, and the Salaries paid them by the Right honourable Sir Edward Walpole, K. B. Clerk of the Pells for One Year, ending at Michaelmas 1780.

Salaries per Annum.

Deputy' and First Clerk, Mr. Edward Roberts - - - - 420 — —

Clerk of the Introitus, Mr. Henry Thomas ----- ----- - - Nil.

Clerk of the Exitus, Mr. Charles Roberts - -- 120 — —

Clerk of the Declarations, and Engrossing Clerk, Mr. William Kingsman - - - 60

Clerk of the Patents, Mr. William Augustus Barron 5°

Assistant Clerk, Mr. Joseph Colton 5° — -

Principal Clerk of the Old Annuity Pell Office, Mr. William Blake - -- 120 — ' —

Four Annuity Clerks, - — James Mills - .- - - -John Kingsman ----- ----- - «P Ox Ox Ox Ox 0000 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1

Principal Clerk of the New Annuity Pell Office, Mr. Lewis Theobald - -- 80 — —

Three Annuity Clerks, Meffi* Hammond Clement - -- - John Touchet - -- William Home - ----- ----- U* 01 <yx 000 1 i 1 1 1 1

Mr. William Oram, for binding the Pell Office Records - - - - m £. 1,250 IO

: Total of Salaries at Michaelmas 1780 - - - - -; Since which is added, by Sir Edward Walpole's Order - m m £. 1,260 too — —

Present Total - £. 1,360

The Deputy and Three of the principal Clerks in the Pell Office died within the Year from 1779

to Michaelmas 1780 -, and One Clerk was removed for Misconduct; thoi'e Vacancies occasioned several Alterations which cannot with any Accuracy be Rated to the Commissioners.

I have therefore given the Names and Salaries of the Deputy and Clerks as they Hood at Michaelmas 178a; since which Time, One of them (Mr. Hammond Clement) is dead, and is succeeded by Mr.

N. B. At Michaelmas 1780 Sir Edward Walpole ordered £. 100 per Annum to be added to the Salaries of his Under Clerks j Six of them were raised to Spcty Pounds, and Two to Seventy Pounds per Annum.

- Ed. Roberts, Deput. Cler. Pell turn.

IO

o

r*

co

An ACCOUNT f° by, and the

N* 43-

NT of the Salaries, Allowances, Fees, and Gratuities, received by each Officer and Clerk in the Office of the Clerk of the Pells in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, with the Dedu6tions*paid e Nett Receipt of each, for the Year 1780; distinguishing the Sums paid by the Public stora those paid out of the Civil List, and by Individuals; with the Nett Annual Receipt in Time of Peace. (* J

____ . M

OFFICES.

Clerk of the Pells

Deputy and First Clerk -

r

Clerks

o

cq'

I — H

n'

CD

Q.

cr

NAMES.

Sir Edward Walpole Allowances for Annuitie: Allowances by Consti- 7 tution - - -I

Allowance by Letters 7 Patent dormant - J

Ed. Rober -

H. Thomas C. Roberts W. Kingsm W.A. Barron J. Cotton W. Blake W. Oram J. Mills B. Kennett J. Kingsman -L. Theobald -H. Clement -J. Tuuchet W. Home

o

o

o

?r

Deduct Allowances received by the Clerk of the Pells, and paid over to Clerks.

el

1

By whom paid. Deductions.

Salaries and Allowances. Fees and Gratuities. Total of Salaries, Allowance*, Fees, and Gratuities. By the Public. Out of the Civil List. By Individuals. Payments for Taxes. Payments to Clerks. 1 j Payments for 1 Contingencies. Nett Recept 1780.

1,235 5 11 172 6 8 195 8 4 1,603 — XI 7*94 9 9 6^ 9*552 10 51 5,964 4 9 686 9 9 2,901 15 415 8 11 1,260 — — 1 1 279 9 6 7,597 12 — 1

420 — — 283 6 I 703 6 1 - - 2 7 6 700 18 7 22 — — - - 681 6 1

- - - 348 9 348 9 9l - 57 2 2 291 7 7* 9 7 - - - 339 2 9j

120 40 — 10^ 160 — io£ - - 6 1 iof T53 *9 — 1G0 — iof

60 30 18 ' 90 18 - 9° 18 — - - " - " - " 90 18 —

50 4 4 — 54 4 - - - m m 54 4 — 54 4 —

50 4 4 — 54 4 - - - — 54 4 — 54 4 "

120 4 4 — 124 4 — - - - a. _ 124 4 — 124 4 —

60 10 6 60 10 6 - - - 60 10 6

50 — 10 6 50' 10 6 - - - 50 10 6 50 10 6

5° — 10 6 50 10 6 - - - 5° 10 6 - " - m m - - 50 10 6

5° — 10 6 50 10 6 - - - 50 10 6 5010 6

80 - - - 80 — — - - m — 80 — — 80

50 - - 50 - - - - 5° — 50

50 - - 50 - - - 50 50

5° — — - - 50 - - — m 50 — 50

2,863 — 11 8,666 18 3$ 11,529 19 2f 5*964 4 9 75* 1 3 4,813 *3 2 446 15 11 1,260 279 9 6 9*543 13 92

1,260 — — - - 1,260 — V - - m 1,260 — — - 1,260 ——

J 1,603 — 11 8,666 18 3a 10,169 19 5,964 4 9 75* i 3i 3,553 13 2 446 15 11 m m mm 279 9 6 9*543 13 95

Nett Receipt in Time of Peace.

> ? 9. S, <£

« 230-o — o o sr

O rs 3 73

2. o

jv*

r

a

\o

75°

ii* Februarii.

A. 1782.

£i*t!i Report of Commissioneri of Public Accouuu.

N* 44.

To the Commissioners of Publio Accounts, Gentlemen,

In Obedience to your Precept, bearing Date on the 14th of Jubf 1781, we the Deputy Tellers of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, transmit to you the following Account; being an exact State of the Salaries, Fees, and Gratuities received by each of the Four Tellers of the Receipt of Exchequer, and the Officers and Clerks in their Offices, with the Total Amount thereof received by each of the said Officers and Clerks during the Year 1780.

First, A State of the Salaries.

Each Teller has a Patent Fee; the Eldest, £.33.

6s. 8d.; the rest have £.31. 13.?. 4 The Tellers have likewise Allowances for Clerks employed to pay the following Annuities; which Allowances cease, as soon as the respective Annuities for which they were granted are determined.

A Particular of the Annuities payable at the Exchequer, with the respective Allowances to the Tellers for the Payment of Clerks.

1693.

1704.

1706.

1707.

1708.

1708.

Annuities 14 Cent, and Sup vivorlliip

Week - J D*, on ad. Excise D", on Vellum -D°, on Siirplufl'es ] Sic. - - J

D % on Subsidy

Allowances. D* to each Teller.

300 75

! 560 — 140 — —

240 — - — 60 — —

97 4 4 24 6 i

; 53 17 4 n 9 4

T°7 14 9 ±6 18

*>358 16 5 339 i4 ii

There are also many other Annuities granted for hives and Terms of Years, viz1. 14 per Cent. Excise 1693, 4 Tonnage 1694, 9 per Cent. 1709, Life Annuities in 17.45, *746, 1757, Lives and Survivorship in 176$, and Lives ,1778 and 1779; which are paid at the Exchequer to a very considerable Amount, for which the fellers and Clerks have bo Allowances whatever.

The First and Second Clerks have no Salaries, but have Fees and Gratuities as herein after mentioned.

The Under Clerks, being at present Three in each Office, receive Salaries from the Tellers in such Proportions as their respective Principals think proper to allow them. These Salaries are often varied, according to the Merit and Service of each Clerk; and these Clerls have no Establishment in the Office, and receive no other Emolument than their Salaries from their Tellers, and same faiall Gratuities, which will bestated in the following Account.

Secondly, A State of tire Fees.

The Authority under which Fees are claimed by the Tellers, and their Clerks, is ancient Usage.

In order to explain the Manner and the Proportion in which these Fees arc taken, it will be necessary for us to refer you to the following Fable of Fees, extracted verbatim from the Report of the Barons of the Exchequer, presented by them to the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled, pursuant to an Act of the Fourth Year of King William and Queen Mary, and to make some Observations upon the present Practice of the Office, in Cafes where we deviate from the Rates set forth in the Barons Report.

Here follows so much of the Barons Report as relates to the Tellers Office.

We mull observe, that these Fees are paid by the Persons who receive the Monies, and are not carried to the Account of the Public: And we mull add an old Table of Fees, taken by the Clerks for receiving Monies, to which the Barons seem to refer in their Report. This Table contains several Heads, not mentioned by the Barons, which consist chiefly of Branches of the old Revenues of the Crown, which did not come under the COnsideration of the Barons of the Exchequer, because their Report related to the Aids and Supplies granted and to be granted by the Parliament then lilting. These Fees form a very inconsiderable Part of the Sum dated ' in this Account, as the Amount of the Fees taken for receiving Money, called Bill Money.

For receiving Money.

Sheriffs Remains of Accounts, Bishops Tenths, and some others, for each Bill Fines of Leases, Sales of Wood, Coropofi-tions for Forfeitures of Merchants Goods seized -Lands passed from the Crown-with Proviso of Redemption - -

Sales of Lands, Fines for Alienation and Chief Butlerage -

Farmers of Licences upon new Revenues, as they are more or less troublesome ——

Ulnage of Cloth per Ann.

Rents received for transporting Lamperns Purchasing Fee Farm Rents -Rents for Hackney Coaches -Rents of Giants reserved Farmers of the Customs and Excise, for each £. 1,000....

For each BtlL

£. s. d.

2 6

— 10 —

-S

5 -2

or

5 "

5

5

2

5

5

6

6

— 1

The Table of Fees allowed by the Barons of the Exchequer for issuing Money, is the Rule of our present Practice; except in the following In (lances, where Fees are either abated by old Agreements, or abolished by Acts of Parliament.

First, The Fee allowed by the Barons, for Monies issued to the Land Forces, is now taken only for such as are issued for the voted Services; and, by an Agreement, made in the Year 1744, the Officers of the Exchequer, in Consideration of the Iocrease of the Army Services, and of their Fees thereupon, tonfented to remit One Third Part upon the Extraordinary Services of the Army, which reduces the Tellers Fee to^*-. 9 per Cent, and the Clerks to is. z\d. per Cent.

Secondly, For Monies issued for Pensions to the Pay-master of the Pensions (an Office created in the Year 1702, since the Barons made their Report) the Tellers and their Clerks have, by Agreement, abated th< ir Fees, and have always taken the same Fee as the Queeu's Treasurer formerly paid.

Thirdly, AH Monies issued to the Queen's Treasurer. Prince's Cofferer, or to any of the Royal Family, are exempted from Fees, and all other Charges, by Acts of Parliament.

Fourthly, The Commissioners and Officers of the Treasury, and many others, are excused from paying Fees, by Courtefv; and Fees are frequently remitted in the Whole or in Part, upon Sums issued for charitable Uses.

We come now to the Account required by your Precept; namely, an exact State of the Fees received by each of the Four Tellers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, and the Officers and Clerks in their Offices, with the

2 2 G£o- III. 11°

75 r

live Total Amount thereof received by each of the said Officers and Clerks, during the Year-1786, reckoning the Ycarfrom Michaelmas 1779 to 1780, in

order to make it conformable to the Method of making up the Accounts, according to the ancient Course of the Exchequer. And we beg Leave to prenrife, That the present Tellers, not being considered merely as executive Officers of the Administration of the Revenues, but holding their Offices by Grants made to their Ancestors in Consideration of Services rendered to the Crown, and to the Public, are impowered by their Patents to execute them by themselves, or by sufficient Deputies; which Deputies have no Emohurient as fuclg but only the Profits arising frotn their Fees, as First Clerks: That the Tellers Fees are equally divided among the Four Tellers; and that the Clerks Fees, for bluing Itlbney, are divided in the same Klahner among the Four I*'irft and Four Second Clerks, thfe Four First Clerks referring the Fees for receiving Monies called Bill Monty, which are equally divided among them.

In the Account which we now lay before yon, we give you an exact State of the Receipts into the Exchequer, from Michaelmas - to Michaelmas 1780, amounting to the Sum of £.31,821,195. 10 4

including Exchequer Bills deposited in the Tellers

Offices as Caffi; and of the Issues from thence Sixth Report

during the same Period amounting to the Sum of of.£om'. , /. a o o , . millioners of

£.30,384,838. 3-r. lid. pIlblic

We have distinguished such Issues as are subject to Aceourtt*. Fees from such as are exempted from Fees by Usage,

Courtely, or Acts of Parliament; and we hope that you will not think it improper for us to remark, that the Amount of the Fees, from Michaelmas 1779 to Michaelmas 1780, is not to be considered as an Estimate by which you can judge of the Annual Value of these Offices.

The great Increase of the Fees arises from the very extraordinary Issues to the Army, Navy, and Ordnance, as well as to the additional Circumstance, that near Five Quarters of the Civil Lilt were paid during that Period.

In 1768, the Tellers Fees amounted to no more than £.2,541. i8r. 6d. to each Teller, Und thb Clerks Febs' to £. 470. 4* 8 d.to each of the First and Second Clerks; and whenever, by the Reftofation of Peach, thtf public Expences are reducer! to the iWmC Establifluhenf, the Profits of these Offices, which depend Upon thb Aif-nuai Supplies granted in Parliament, will not exceed* the Amount of the Fees taken in the Year 1768.

Receipts froth Michaebnas 1779 to Michaelmas 1780.

Monies received into the Exche-"I £. s. d.

quer during that Period, in-J- 31,821,195 10 4J eluding Exchequer Bills J

Fees taken for receiving ^fonieS, divided atnohgft the Four First Clerks -

3

729

Division to each First Clerk

- i8iz f

1

S

VL* 38.

9?

ISSUES

ISSUES OF MONIES FROM MICHAELMAS 1779 TO MICHAELMAS 1780.

I flues of Monies upon which no Fees were taken,

tn

Services for which the Monies were issued.

To the Paymaster of Exchequer Bills

To the South Sea Company - .

To the Bank - - - - , - -

To the East India Company -

----- Exchequer, Life, and Long Annuities ——

To the Royal Family, Judges, Officers of the Treasury and Exchequer, and to many others who are exempted from Fees by Usage, Cotirtcfy, or Acts of Parliament -

Allowance for an Error in this Account, amounting to ——

Total Amount of Issues upon which no Fees were taken,

Sums issued.

£ 8,033*372 — 8 794,64*2 9 5

5,002,457 4 5i 127,687 10 — 197*252 19 3

231,962 9 9f

----- - 5 3l

H»387*374 18 10

Issues of Monies upon which Fees were taken.

D

(Q

« — h

n'

0

Q_

cr

o

o

eg

FT

Rate per Cent.

Tellers. , Clerks.

£ s: d. s. d.

5 7-rb 1 9t6

— 3 9 1 2*

8 — 8

2 10 — 10 _ -

1 10 —

- — 10 — 5 —

— 10 — 2 6

— 3 4 1 8

— 3 ~ 1 ——

— 2 6 1 —

— 2 — 1 —

— 2 — — 6

— 1 6 — 6

— 4 — 4

— 1 — — - 6

8 he Clerks, a or each J rder - J — 4

10

Services for which the Monies were issued.

Army, on voted Services, per Mille, £.1. 16s. Tellers; i8j. Clerks D°, on Extraordinaries, per Mille, £.\. 17s. 4<f. Tellers; 125. Clerks Navy, per Mille, 6s. 8d. }

6s. Sd. f " ~

Annuities, Reward?, Free Gifts, and such like -

ItTues for Secret and Special Service, and to reimburse Expences, and to Ai Ambassadors and Agents on their Ordinary Mailer of the Horse -

Paymaster of Pensions -

Privy Purse.

Matter of the Robes -

Ordnance -

King's Goldsmith, Mint, and Board of Works Matter of the Wardrobe -

Paymaster of Band of Pensioners -

Treasurer of the Chamber King's Cofferer ..

Usher of the Court of Exchequer, 3 Orders

mbafladors and A

Total Amount of KTucs on which Fee* were taken DJ of Issues on which Fee* were not taken

Total Amount of Issues from the Exchequer, from Michuebnas 1779 to Michaelmas 1780 £.

gents o

their Extraon

Sums issued.

£. s. d.

- 3,199.564 19 a

- 4,010,291 13 if

- 6,404,962 15 5

m 148,067 19 ioj

ies - 382,327 3 7f

- 48.334 ' ' 3j

- 20,000

- 60,923 14 —

- 60,000

- 3,942 — 2}

- 1.329.778 6 9

- 74»647 >5 H

- 19,104 19 4

- 7,500

- 75.989 3 10

- '50.75- 9 '"I

1,270 12 9

'5.097>463 4 4f

»4.387.374 '8 >°

£ 30,384.* 38 3 a|

Amount of Fees taken by Tellers.

Amount of Fees taken by Clerks.

£. d. d.

8.959 5 ' 2,879 19 9

7-+85 >8 3 '2,4.0(1 4 2

2,134 >9 9 2,134 >9 9

3.7°' 5 »

3.823 3 7

241 1o 11

100 ——

101 13 4

90 ——

5 ——

1,329 16 —

74 H ~

14 9 6

5 ——

38 ——

50 4 8

----- -Nil.

1 10 —

Total Amount of Fees taken by Tellers and Clerks,

£. 5. d.

11,839 4 10

9,89 2 2 5

10 —

28,155 — 2 11,036 16 8 39,191 16 10

S

25

22 Geo. III.

11° Februani.

State of the Gratuities.

The Tellers pay New Year's Gifts to the Amount of 22. 17-r. each* to the Lords and other Officers of the Treasury, but receive no Gratuities whatever for theiu-selves.

Their First Clerics receive New Year's Gifts in the following Proportions:

From the Bank - £.21 ----- --To each First Clerk.

From the South Sea

Company - - 21 ----- --To D*

From the Paymaster of the Army - 4 4 — To D*

46 4 — To each First Clerk.

The Gratuities to the Under Clerks are so inconsiderable, that no regular Account is kept of them. By the bell Information which we can get, they do not amount to Four Score Pounds a Year to the Four Offices.

The Bank give Annually Two Guineas each to Eleven Under Clerks; and Four Guineas to the Junior Clerk in Mr. Pratt's Office, for his daily Attendance at locking up the Office where their Cash is kept.

Amount of Tellers Fees from Michael- £. s.

mas 1779 to Michaelmas 1780 - 28,155 — 2$

Division to each Teller, being Four in

Number - 7,038 15 — £

So that the eldest Teller received for

his Proportion of Fees 7*°3 % 15 x

For his Patent Fee - 33 6 8

For his Allowances for Clerks 339 14 11

Total 7»4i* »5 9*

Each First Clerk received for his Proportion of Fees on the Issues i,379 12 1

D" on the Receipts called Bill Money 182 % 9 —

Gratuities - . 46 4 —

Total 1,608 5 1

The South Sea Company distribute Annually Twenty Guineas amoftg the Twelve Under Clerks.

The Million Bank give a Guinea and a Half to the Clerks in Mr. Pratt's Office, and Half a G uinea to those in Lord Northington's; in which Offices their Annuities are paid, for their Trouble In entering their Accounts, and taking Care of their Orders.

The Receiver of the Sixpenny Duty, and the Receiver of the Land Tax upon Offices assessed in West~ ininjier, give each of them Ten Guineas Annually to be distrilmted among the Under Clerks, for their Trouble in deducting those Duties upon Payments in the Exchequer. The Receiver of the Tax upon Places and Pensions has sometimes given them a small Gratuity for their Assistance in the same Kind of Service.

There are no Fees taken by any of them for expediting Business, dr demanded upon any Pretence; and what they receive from the Companies and Persons above mentioned, are merely voluntary Gifts for any extraordinary Trouble.

S:xt!i Report of Commit rtonew of Public Accounts.

Having now given you an exact State of the Salaries, Fees, and Gratuities, we conclude with giving you the Amount which each of these Officers received for their Proportions.

Amount of Clerks Fees during the same Period -Division to each Clerk, being Eight in Number -

The other Three.Tellers received each For their Patent Fee -For Allowance for Clerks

Total

Each Second Clerk received only his Proportion of Fees on the 1 flues -

s. d.

11,036 16 8

L379 12 t

7.038 *5 -I

31 i3 4

339 14

7,410 2 5 i

i»379 12 s I

Memim: The Account here stated, gives the Gross Amount of the Profits of the above-mentioned Offices: which are subject to the several Taxes annually paid by all the Officers under the Crown, and to the Payment of the Twelve Under Clerks.

It is to be observed, that the Tellers give Security to the Crown for all Losses and Deficiencies 5 and that the First Clerks (for whose Appointment the Approbation of the Lords of the Treasury is neoeffiuy} in like Manner give Security to their respective Tellers, to indemnify them from the very great Hazards uttending the Execution of Offices, which are charged with the Receipts and Issues of Monies to so considerable an Amount.

We the underwritten Deputy Tellers of the Exchequer, deliver the foregoing Account, as an exact State of the Salaries, Fees, and Gratuities received by each of the Four Tellers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, and the Officers and Clerks in their Office, with the Total Amount thereof received by each of them, and by each of the said Officers and Clerks, during the Year 1780.

Daniel.

William Price.

Rich? Welles.

Cha.

Here follows on Account of the Names of the Tellers of the Exchequer, and of their respective First and Second Clerks; the Total Amount of Fees, Salaries, and Gratuities received by each of them, and the Amount of the Sums paid by each of them for Taxes, Gratuities, Incidental Expences, and for the Salaries of Under Clerks; signed by the respective Deputies of each Office.

Vol. 38. Earl

754

Sixth Report of CommissionKr& of Public

Account?. Fbes

r i* Februarit.

Earl of Hardwicke, First Teller.

A. 1782.

Receipts.

Nett Produce of Patent Fee -Debentures for paying Clerks

7,038 15 — \ 31 8 —

339 r4

7,409 17 U

Payments.

Debentures for paying Clerks -Taxes -

New Year's Gifts at Treasury Porters and other Christmas Boxes, Poor and Scavenger's Rates, Grey Coat Hospital, and Bonfires

339 14 1*

328 12 3

22 17 ——

22 2 —

7>3 5 4*

6,696 11 9*

7.409 '7 if

Earl of Hardwicke's Deputy and First Clerk, Daniel Wray.

Fees, Bill Money, and Gratuities Debentures for pay ing Clerk*

Of Second Clerk -

1,608 5 i

339 H —

230 ——

2,177 19 r

Taxes

Box Money to Porters Three Under Clerks Salaries

56 -

11 —

400----

457 1 — Cash to Balance 1,720 18 1

2,177 19 r

Ffees'

Earl of Hardwicke's Second Clerk, Mr. Joseph Yorke.

Taxes

Box Money to Porters Allowed to First Clerk

Receipts.

Fees *

PktentFfee

Debentures fof'paying Clerks Rent of his House -

- 1 >379 *2 1

42 10 —

— 5 — 230 ——

' 272 15 —

Cash to Balance 1,106 17 1

Earl of Nortliington, Second teller.

7,038 15 — i 31 13 4

339 *4 ii 40 — —

7>45° 2 5f

Daniel Wray.

Payments.

1,379 12 1

Annual Taxes, Gratuities, and other incidental Expences Salaries to Under Clerks

Balance -

382 16 6

39° ----- -_

772 16 6

6,677 5 "i

7>45° 2 5f

Fees

Bill Money -Gratuities -

Mr. William Price, Deputy and First Clerk.

Annual Taxes, Gratuities, 8Cc.

Balance -

ia379 12 1

182 9 —

46 4 —

1,608 5 1

51 >4 —

i>556 11 *

1,608 5 1

Fees

Edward Woadcock, Esquire, Second Glerfc.

r,379 it 1

Annual Taxes, and incidental Expences 4-2 15 —

Balance -

William Price.

1,336 !7

i,379 11 1

Earl

13 Geo. III.

ii* Februarii.

755

Earl Temple, Third Teller.

Receipts.

Payments.

Tees - -

Patent Fee -Rent for his House - -

Te Allowance for under Clerks

- 7*°38 *5 — a

t3 4 40 ——

- 339 H *4

7,450 2 5*

Annual Taxes, Gratuities, and other incidental Expences -Salaries paid to Clerks -

Balance

382 17 —

360 — *

742 *7 _

6,707 5 54

7,450 £ H

Mr. Richard Welles, Deputy and Firil Clerk.

Fees -

D* on Receipts called Bill Money Gratuities -

1,379 12 1 Annual Taxes and Gratuities

182 9 Balance

46 4 —

i,6oS 5 1

utrrr -r-rsgrjsar

53 5 6

i»554 19 7

1,608 5 1

Fees -

William Wyndham Grenville, Esquire, Second Clerk.

Annual Taxes

Balance

1,379 12 1

42 10 — - i,337 2 1

1,379 12 1

Richd W.

The honourable Thomas Tmcn/hetid wa« Senior Teller of the Exchequer from Michaelmas 1779 to 21st Map 1780, when he died, and was succeeded by the honourable John Jeffreys Pratt.

Mr. Townshend's Receipts. For his Proportion of Fees, from Michaelmas \y-, C) to 21 ft May 1780 - 4,148 14 — i D° of his Patent Fee as Senior Teller 2114 4 P* of Rent for his House - - - 62 4 9 D° of Allowances for Clerks - - 211 8 i£ Mr. Townjhends Payments. For his Proportion of the Annual Taxes and Gratuities, and for incidental Expences 258 13 10 D* of the Salaries to under Clerks - 211 8 1 { Total Deductions - - 470 1 11S Cash to Balance - - 3,973 19 3

Total Receipts - 4,444 1 4,444 1 2

Mr. Pratts Receipts. For his Proportion of Fees, from 21st May to Michaelmas 1780 - - 2,890 l — D° of his Patent Fee, as Jugior Teller 11 fc — 2 D® of Rent for his House - - 37 15 3 D® of Allowances for Clerks - - 128, 6 — Mr. Pratts Payments. For his Proportion of Annual Taxes and Graluities, and for incidental Expence? 172 la if D® of Salaries to under Clerks - - 123 — "1 -.t* r Total Deductions - - 300 18 if Balance - s - 2,766 4 3

Total Receipts - 3,067 2 5 3,o67 2 5

Vol. 38. 9 Q Mr.

Sixth Report of Commis*

(i oners of Public Accounts.

I i° Februarii.

75J

ixrh Rcjvirt of Commis-fiorer* of Hublic Accounts.

Mr. Chai'les T'civnjhendy Deputy arid First Clerk. His Receipts.

For his Fees on the Issues of Money - i,379 12 1 D° on the Receipts called Bill Money 182 9 —

For Gratuities - - - - 46 4 — -

Total Receipts - 1,608 5 1

A. 1782.

Mr. Charles Tozvnjhends Payments.

For Annual Taxes and Gratuities - 53 5 6

For additional Salaries to under Clerks, at the Rate of £. 100 per Ann. from 2iii of May to Michaelmas 1780 - 37 12 — *

Total Deductions - 90 7 6 i

Balance - -1.517 7

1,608 . 5 I

Mr. Jones, Second Clerk, from Michaelmas 1779 to 21st May 1780. His Receipts.

For his Proportion of Fees on the Ilfues of Money, from Michaelmas 1779 to 21st 1780 - - - 801 2 1

Mr. Jones's Payments.

ForhisProportion of Fees, from Michaelmas to 21st May 1780 -Balance -

26 10 6 774 11 7

801 2 1

Mr. Greenland\ Second Clerk, from 21st May to Michaelmas 1780. His Receipts.

For his Proportion of Fees on the Issues of Money, from 2 ift May to Michaelmas 1780 ----- 578 10 —

578 10 —

Mr. Greenland's Payments.

For his Proportion of Taxes and Gratuities, from 21st May to Michaelmas

1780.....15 19 6

For additional Salaries to Under Clerks,

at the Rate of £. 400 per Ann. - 15° 8 aj

Total Deductions - 166 7 8i

Balance - - 412 2 3*

578 10 —

Charles Townshend.

Earl of Hardivicke, First Teller, his Dedu6lions by Taxes.

By Land Tax -

By is. Duty on Fees -

By D° on Debentures for paying Clerks ——

By D* on Patent Fee ——

Mr. Daniel Wray, Deputy and First Clerk.

By Land Tax -By 1 s. Duty on Fees

By 6d. Duty on Debentures for paying Clerks

Mr. Joseph Yorkey Second Clerk.

By Land Tax -

T3y is. Duty on Fees -

Daniel Wray.

d.

£ * d‘

l6o — —

15° ——

17 ——

I 12 3

328 12 3

20 ——

27 IO —

8 10 —

56 ——

20 ——

22 10 —

42 10 —

Earl of Northington, Second Teller, his Deductions by Taxes.

By Land Tax -.....-

Bv 1 s. Duty upon Fees ——

p,y D® on Debentures for paying Clerks ——

By D° on Patent Fee ——

.By 6rf. Ditty on Debentures ——

Bv D® on Patent Fee ——

By New Year's Gifts to the Treasury - -

160 — ' —

150 ——

17 ——

1 11 8

810 — — 15 10 22 17 —

360 ‘Sir.

j

'll Geo. III. i i°

Mr. William Price, Deputy and First Clerk.

By Land Tax.

By i y. Duty upon Fees ——

757

Mr. Edward Woodcock, Second Clerk.

By Land Tate -Bv i s. Duty upon Fees Christmas Boxes

jr.

20 — 27 IO —

Sixth Report f d. Commissioners of

Public Accounts*

William Price.

Earl Temple, Third Teller, his Deductions by Taxes.

By Land Tax ——

By 1 c. Duty upon Fees -

By D® on Debentures for paying Clerks

By 6 </. Duty on D° -

By 1 s.Duty on Patent Fee

By 6d. Duty on D* - -

By New Year's Gifts to the Treasury -

20 — —

22 10 —

Mr. Richard Welles, Deputy and First Clerk.

160 — —

15° ——

17 ——

810 — in 8

— l5 10

22 17 —

By Land Tax

By 1 s. Duty upon Fees

20 —

27IO —

Mr. William WyndhamGrenville, Second Clerk.

By Land Tax -By 1 s. Duty on Fees Christmas Boxes

Rich1 Welles.

Mr. Totcnjhcnd's and Mr. Pratt's Deductions for Taxes.-

_ ' v- ' *

Mr. Toxonshend paid for his Proportion of the Land Tax - -

Mr. Pratt paid for his Proportion of D® - - - .

Mr. Toxonfhendpaid for his Proportion of the Tax of 1 s. per Pound on his, Fees

Mr. Pratt paid for his Proportion of D® ——

Mr. Toxtmshend paid for his Proportion of the Tax of 1 s.per Pound on his Share of the Allowances for Clerks, 211.8 y. i\d. ——

Mr. Pratt paid for his Proportion of D®, on £. 1 a8. 6 s.

Mr. Tonmfliend paid for his Tax of 1 s. per Pound, and his Tax of 6 d. per Pound

on his Share of the Patent Fee, £.21. 14 s.4 d. - -

Mr. Pratt paid for D®, on £. 1 1. 2 y. - -

Total of Tellers Taxes

Mr. Charles Tozcnjhend, Deputy and First Clerk, paid Land Tax D® for the 'fax of 1 s.per Pound ——

D* Gratuities ——

20 — 22 10 — 5

47 10 —

15

360 14 6

100 4 '

59 15 7*

93 19 4

56 — 10$

Mr. Jones, Second Clerk, from Michaelmas 1779 to 21 ft May 1780, paid for his Proportion of the Land Tax -

Mr. Greenland, Second Clerk, from 21st May to Michaelmas 1780, D*

Mr. Jones paid for his Proportion of the Tax of 1 s. per Pound - Mr. Greenland for D® -

Mr. Toion/hend'sand Mr. Pratt's Taxes -

Mr. TotonfliemTs New Year's Gifts -

Mr. Tozvnjhend's and Mr. Pratt' Gratuities and Incidents

Cha. Townshend.

Vol. 38.

47 10 —

42 15 —

10 11 6 8 8 4

1 13

— 16 6

20 _

27 IO —

5 15 6

12 IO 6

7 9 6

14 — —

8 10 —

329 9 6

22 17 —

78 19 6

43* 6 —

160 — — .

15° :--

17 -

296

319 9 6

53 5 €

20

22 10 —

.V V-

758 ii° Februarii. 1782.

45.

The Examination of Daniel Esquire, Deput)'-and First Clerk to the Earl of One of the Tellers of the Exchequer; token upon Oath, the iith, 13th, and 15th November 1781.

This Examinant faith, That he is Deputy and First Clerk to the Earl of Hardwicke, the Senior of the Four Tellers of the Exchequer: He was appointed by Deputation, dated the 7th of October 1745; and, as First Clerk, was approved of and sworn into his Office by the Commi (boners of the Treasury, according to the Act of Parliament.

The Teller is appointed by the King, by Letters Patent, for the Term of his Life; and gives, as he is informed and believes, Security to the Crown, if of Age, himself in Three thousand Pounds, and Two Sureties in Two thoustmd Pounds each. The Office of Teller was granted to the prefect Pofteflbi's in Rever-fion, and during tlteir Miuonity. The Teller is empowered by his Patent to make a Deputy, which Deputy transacts all the Bufeness of the Office; the Teller himself does not, nor has it Ireen usual for him to execute any Part of it whatever. The Deputy gives Security to the Teller as Deputy and First Clerk, by Bond, himself in Five thousand Pounds, and Two Sureties in Two thousand Five hundred Pounds each.

It is the Business of this Office, to receive, keep, and pay the Money 1 belonging to the Public; every Person who jwys Money into the Exchequer, enters in the Wade Book, the Name of the Person who is to pay it, the Sum, and upon what Account; the Deputy Tc4ier transcribes this Entry in the Walle Book in Latin, upon a Piece of Parchment, called a Bill, signs it, and trans-niits it through a Pipe into the Tally Court.

I'pon Production of an Order or Debenture directed by the Auditoiyaud recorded by the Clerk of die Pells, the Deputy Teller pays to the Person applying, the Sum therein mentioned, taking his Receipt; these Receipts and Payments are all entered in various Books every Day, the Receipts are agreed with the Clerk of the Pells, and the Payments with the Examiner of the Teller's Vouchers: the Teller agrees the weekly Certificate which is transenilted to the Treasury, with the Auditor and Clerk of the PeHs; the Half Yearly Certificate is agreed in like Manner. The Public Money is kept in Obefts, to which there are Three Keys, One kept by the Teller, One by the Clerk of the Pells, and One by the Chamberlain; these Three attend whenever it is neccftary to open the Chests.

Thts Office consists of the Teller, the Deputy, and First Clerk, the Second Clerk, and Three 'Under Clerks, all of whom are appointed by the Teller. The Emoluments received by the Officers in this Office, conSIt of a Salary, Allowances, Fees, and Gratuities. The Tellers have each lan ancient Salary or animal Fee, the Senior Thirty-tiiree Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence, and the Three Juniors Thirty-one Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence, paid to them by Debenture Half Yearly: Each Teller has also a Fourth Part of certain annual Allowances, for the Payment of Clerks, madetothem by the Commissioners of the Treasury, by virtue of several Acts of Parliament, as a ilcoonipenoe for the Trouble which the Management oft he Annuities created by those Acts, give to the Office; -which Fourth Part amounts to the Sum of Three (hundred and Thirty-nine Pounds Fourteen Shillings and One 'Penny Farthing; these Allowances are paid -Quarterly fey Debenture. The Teller has no Fee upon the Receipt of Money; his Fees arise from the Issue, and are grounded upon ancient U'sage; they are paid to him by the Perfotis receiving, according to a Table of Fees inferred initlie Barons Report, with the following Variations; for Money issued to the Army, the Rate in the Barons Table is Five Shillings

and Seven Pence Two Tenths p which is the Rate now used for the voted Services; hut for the Extraordinaries, the Fee taken for the Teller, is Three Shillings and Nine Penceper Cent, only; for Annuities, Rewards, Sfc\ in the Barons Report, in which Pensions are urfderstood to be included, the Rate is Two Pounds Ten Sh illings per Cent,; but the Fees taken by the Teller for the Payments made to the Paymaster of the Pensions, is only Three Shillings and Four Pence per Cent, being the Rate for the Queen's Treasurer in the Barons Report. Money issued to the Queen's Treasurer and the Prince's Cofferer, though included in the Barons Report, are now exempt from Fees by Acts of Parliament, as is likewise Money issued to the Royal Family. The Fees arising from these Ifl'ues, are divided equally amongst the Four Tellers every Quarter; One Fourth Part of which amounted, in the Year ending Michaelmas 1780, to Seven thousand and Thirty-eight Pounds Fifteen Shillings and One Halfpenny. The Salary, Allowances, and Foes amounted together, to Severn thousand Four hundred and Eleven Pounds-Fifteen Shillings and Nine Pence Three Farthings, and are the only Emoluments to which the First Teller was entitled in that Year. The Earl of did not

receive the Whole of the Salary of Thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence; Mr. 'Cozen/kend, the then Senior Teller, dying within that Year, his Executors became entitled to a final 1 Part of the Difference between the Salary of the Senior and a Junior Teller. The Deputy Teller receives all the Profits to winch the Teller is entitled, and accounts for them with his Principal every Quarter; there are several Services, for which Sums amounting to above FourteenMillions were i(Tiled, upon which no Fees were taken in the Tellers Office, being exempt either by Acts of Parliament, Usage, or Courtesy.

The Taxes paid in the last Year by Lord for his Office, amounted to Three hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds Twelve Shillings and Threepence; he also paid for Clerks and other Expences, Three hundred and Eighty-four Pounds Thirteen Shillings and One Penny Farthing, amounting together to Seven bundled and Thirteen Pounds Five Shillings -and Four Pence Farthing: which reduced the Nett Profits of the Office of the First Teller for the Year above-mentioned, to Six thousand Six hundred and Ninety-six Pounds Eleveu Shillings and Nine Pence Halfpenny. To the heft of his Knowledge and Belief the Earl of Hardzvicke received no other Fee, Gratuity, or Emolument whatever, for the Profits of his Office during the said Time, except as above-mentioned.

Upon the Payment of Money, the Deputy dedufits all the Fees due to the Tellers and Clerks: he detains also the Laud Tax, and the Shilling and Sixpenny Duties. The Fees are divided every Quarter equally among the Four Offices; the Taxes are paid to the several Receivers, upon their Application.

The Fees paid at this Time by the Pa vmaster General of the Forces, for all the Officers of the Exchequer, for the voted Services, is One Penny Halfpenny in the Pound; and for the Extraordinaries, One Penny in the Pound. The Fee of One Penny Halfpenny is grounded upon the Barons Report which authorizes the same Fee for all Money issued for Army Services: Bnt he has heard, that fence the Year 1744, a Fee of One Penny only has been taken for the Extraordinaries of the Army, in Consequence of some Agreement entered into at that Time between the Treasury and the Officers of the Exchequer.

The Profits of the First Clerk and Second Clerk arise from Fees and Gratuities; the Deputy has no Emolument as such, but only the Fees and Gratuities belonging to the Ollice of First Clerk. L'pon the Receipt, the Fees due to him are called Bill Money, and are in Consideration of his writing the Bills; they are received of the Persons who pay in Money, either at

a

Sixth Report of Commissioners of Pifbtic Accounts.

21 Geo. III. i i° Februarii. 759

a certain Rate per Bill, or at the Rate of Sixteen Pence

per Thousand Pounds, according to an ancient Table of Fees used in the Office. These Fees belong to the Four First Clerks only, and are equally divided amongst them: The Share of each Clerk amounted in the Year endingat Michaelmas 1780, to One hundred and Eighty-m two Pounds Nine Shillings. Upon the Issue, the Fees due to the Clerks are a certain Rate per Cent, similar to those due to the Teller, according to the Services for which the Money is issued, as inserted in the Barons Report, with the like Variations and Exemptions.

These Fees are received from the Persons to whom Money is paid; and are divided in equal Shares amongst the Four First and the Four Second Clerks. These Fees amounted, in the Year ending at Michaelmas 1780, to Eleven thousand and Thirty-six Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eight Pence; One Eighth Part of which to each Clerk, was One thousand Three hundred and Seventy-nine Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Penny. Each First Clerk has also an Annual Gratuity from some of the Public Offices, amounting to Forty-six Pounds Four Shillings a Year: These Fees and Gratuities received by him, as First Clerk to Lord Hardwicke in the Time above-mentioned, amounted to One thousand Six hundred and Eight Pounds Five Shillings and One Penny; he also received from his Principal, Three hundred and Thirty-nine Pounds Fourteen Shillings, which was the Allowance received by him for the Payment of Clerks; in consideration of which he pays the Three Under Clerks; the Second Clerk, likewise, by Direction of the Teller, allowed out of his Share of his Fees to him as First Clerk, Two hundred and Thirty Pounds, to make up the Deficiency of the Salaries paid by him to the Under Clerks, and as an additional Recompence for his Care and Trouble in the Execution of his Office. The Total of these Sums is Two thousand One hundred and Seventy-seven Pounds Nineteen Shillings and One Penny: Out of which he paid, for Taxes, Fifty-six Pounds; and to the Three Under Clerks, Four hundred Pounds; and to Porters [One Pound One Shilling; which reduced his clear Receipt to One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty Pounds Eighteen Shillings and One Penny; the Whole of which Sum was received by him for his own Use, and was the Total Sum received by him for the Execution of this Office, during the Period above-mentioned.

This Examinant further faith, That ever since he has been in the Office, which is upwards of Thirty-six Years, the Second Clerk has never attended or done any Business in the Office; he always paid to the Person, nominated by the Teller as the Second Clerk, the Share of the Fees belonging to that Office, retaining to his own Use the Sum directed by the Teller, except during a Vacancy, when he paid it to the Teller himself.

The Second Clerk's Fees amounted in the last Year to One thousand Three hundred and Seventy-nine Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Penny; which was reduced by the Payment of Forty-two Pounds Ten Shillings for Taxes, and Two hundred and Thirty Pounds Allowance for the First Clerk, and Five Shillings to the Porter, to One thousand One hundred and Six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and One Penny; which Sum he paid to the Father of Mr. Joseph who is

the Second Clerk, and under Age.

Daniel Wray.

Guy Carle ton,

T. Angui/h,

A. Piggott,

Richd Neave,

Sam1 Beaclicroft,

Geo. Drummond.

VOL. 38.

' N4 46.

The Examination of William , Esquite, Deputy and First Clerk to the Ear!

One of the Tellers of the Exchequer; taken upon Oath, the 16th of November 1781.

This Examinant faith, That he is Deputy and First Clerk to the Earl of Northing ton. One of the Tellers of the Exchequer, and receives for him all the Emoluments which he is entitled to as Teller. For the Year ending at Michaelmas 1780, he received for Lord Northington, his Patent Fee of Thirty-one Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence; his Proportion of Fees being Seven thousand and Thirty-eight Pounds Fifteen Shillings and One Halfpenny; his Share of the Allowances, paid pursuant to the Annuity Acts, Three hundred and Thirty-nine Pounds Fourteen Shillings and . One Penny Farthing; and for the Rent of the Houflb belonging to him as Teller, Forty Pounds; making togetherSeven thousand Four hundred and Fifty Pounds Two Shillings and Five Pence Three Farthings: Out of which he paid for Taxes, Three hundred and Thirty-seven Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence; and for Salaries to Three Under Clerks, Three hundred and Niuety Pounds; and for Gratuities and incidental Expences, Forty-four Pounds Nineteen Shillings; amounting together to Seven hundred and Seventy-two Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Six Pence; which reduced his Profits, as Teller, for that Year, to the Sum of Six thousand Six hundred and Seventy-seven Pounds Five Shillings and Eleven Pence Three Farthings; all of which he has either paid to or received for the Use of Lord Northington; and, to the belt of his Knowledge

and Belief, is the Total Amount of the Profits of his Office, as Teller, for that Year.

He further faith. That as First Clerk in this Office, he received, during the same Period, One thousand Three hundred and Seventy-nine Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Penny, as his Share of the Fees; and One hundred and Eighty-two Pounds Nine Shillings, as his Share of the Bill Money; and Forty-six Pounds Four Shillings, for Gratuities; making together One thousand Six hundred and Eight Pounds Five Shillings and One Penny: Out of which he paid, for Taxes, Forty-seven Pounds Ten Shillings; and other Expences, Four Pounds Four Shillings; together, Fifty-one Pounds Fourteen Shillings; which reduced the Whole Profits received by him from his Office for that Year, to One thousand Five hundred and Fifty-six Pounds Eleven Shillings and One Penny; the Whole of which he received to his own Use.

The Second Clerk is appointed by the Teller, under his Hand and Seal. The Fees of the Second Clerk are received by the First Clerk, and amounted, for the Time above-mentioned, to One thousand Three hundred and Seventy-nine Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Penny: Out of which he paid, for Taxes, Forty-two Pounds Ten Shillings, and Five Shillings for Expences; which reduced the clear Amount to One thousand Three hundred and Thirty-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and One Penny; which Sum he paid to Woodcock,

Esquire, as Second Clerk in this Office, who was appointed in 1763; but has not, that he knows of, attended or done any Business in the Office since his Appointment.

Price.

Guy Carleton,

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

RichdNeaie,

Sam1 Beaclicroft,

Geo. Drummond.

9 II

Sixth Report of Commit sioners of Public Accounts.

ii" Februarii.

A. 1782.

Sixth Report of Commissioners of Public Accounts.

N* 47.

The Examination of Richard Esquire, De-

puty and First Clerk to Earl Temple, One of the Tellers of the Exchequer; taken up on Oath, the 16th of November 1781.

N® 48.

The Examination of Charles Townshend, Esquire, Deputy and First Clerk to the honourable John Jeffreys Pratt, Fourth Teller of the Exchequer; taken upon Oath, the 19th November 1781.

This Examinant faith. That he is Deputy and First Clerk to Earl Temple, the Third Teller of the Exchequer, and receives for him all the Proftts of his Office: That during the Year ending at Michaelmas 1780, the Gross Profits of this Office amounted to Seven thousand Four hundred and Fifty Pounds Two Shillings and Five Pence Three Farthings: Out of which he paid, for Taxes, Three hundred and Thirty-seven Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence; for Three Under Clerks, Three hundred and Sixty Pounds; for other Expences, Forty-four Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Six Pence; making in all Seven hundred and Forty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings; which reduced his clear Receipt, as Teller, to Six thousand Seven hundred and Seven Pounds Five Shillings and Five Pence Three Farthings; which Sum he paid to Lord Temple.

He further faith. That the Fees as First Clerk, were One thousand Three hundred and Seventy-nine Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Penny; the Share of the Bill Money, One hundred and Eighty-two Pounds Nine Shillings; and the Gratuities, Forty-six Pounds Four Shillings; together, One thousand Six hundred and Eight Pounds Five Shillings and One Penny: Out of which he paid. Taxes, Forty-seven Pounds Ten Shillings; Expences, Five Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Six Pence; making together. Fifty-three Pounds Five Siblings and Six Pence; which reduce the Profits of the Office of First Clerk to One thousand Five hundred and Fifty-four PoundsNineteen Shillings and Seven Pence; out of which he retained to his own Use, Four hundred Pounds, being the Allowance made to him by Lord Temple for the Execution of this Office, and the Gratuities of Forty-six Pounds Four Shillings: He received no other Fee, Gratuity, or Reward whatever, for the Execution of this Office, during the said Period; for the Remainder, being One thousand One hundred and Eight Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Seven Pence, he paid to Lord Temple.

Ever since he has been in the Teller's Office, which is upwards of Twenty-six Years, the Second Clerk has never to his Knowledge attended or done any Business in the Office; and ever since 1773, when he was appointed Deputy Teller, he has received the Fees of the Second Clerk, and remitted them to Lord Temple. During the last Year, the Second Clerk's Fees amounted to One thousand Three hundred and Seventy-nine Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Penny; out of which was paid Forty-two Pounds Ten Shillings for Taxes; the Residue, being One thousand Three hundred and Thirty-seven Pounds Two Shillings and One Penny, he remitted to Lord Temple. He did not know who was the Second Clerk until after the Precept of this Board was received at the Exchequer, when he applied to Lord Temple for the Name of the Second Clerk in this Office, who gave him the Name of his Youngest Brother.

Welles.

Guy Carle ton,

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

RichdNeave,

Sam1 Beachcro/t,

Geo. Drummond.

This Examinant faith. That he is Deputy and Fit ft Clerk to the honourable John Jeffreys Pratt, the Fourth Teller of the Exchequer; that he held the same Office under Mr. Townshend the late Teller, who died in May 1780.

The Gross Profits of this Office for One Year, ending at Michaelmas 1780, consisting of the Patent Fees, the Fees of IfiTue, Allowance for Clerks, and the Rent for the Teller's House, amounted to Seven thousand Five hundred and Eleven Pounds Three Shillings and Seven Pence Three Farthings: Out of which was paid, for Taxes, Three hundred and Twenty-nine Pounds Nine Shillings and Six Pence, and for Two Under Clerks, the whole Allowance received by the Teller for Clerks, beingThree hundred and Thirty-nine Pounds Fourteen Shillings and One Penny Farthing; and for incidental Expences; One hundred and One Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Five Pence Three Farthings; amountingto-gether to Seven hundred and Seventy-one Pounds One Shilling; which being deducted from the Gross Profits, leaves the Sum of Six thousand Seven hundred and Forty Pounds Two Shillings and Seven Pence Three Farthings, as the clear Profits of this Office during the said Time; which Sum he received and paid to Mr. Townshend and his Executors; and to Lord Camden, the Father of Mr. Pratt, in Proportion to the Time Mr. 7or onjhendand Mr Pratt held this Office.

He further faith, That as Deputy he receives no Payment whatever; but as First Clerk his Profits, confining, of the Bill Money, Fees upon the Issues, and Gratuities, amounted to One thousand Six hundred and Eight Pounds Five Shillings and One Penny: Out cf which he paid, for Taxes, porty-seven Pounds Fen Shillings; and for Gratuities, Five Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Six Pence; and since Mr. s Appointment to the Office of Teller, in Addition to the Pay of the fe-nior Under Clerk, at the Rate of One hundred Pounds a Year, he paid to him Thirty-seven Pounds Twelve Shillings and a Farthing; which Deductions, amounting to Ninety Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence Farthing, reduces his clear Receipt to One thousand Five hundred and Seventeen Pounds Seven Shillings and Six Pence Three Farthings; which Sum he received to his own Use, and is the whole Amount of the Profits of this Office received by him during the said Period.

Ever since he has been Deputy Teller, which is about Twenty-three Years, during the Time Mr. Townshend was Teller, the Second Clerk attended and executed Part of the Business of the Office, and received, to his own Use, all the Fees of the Second Clerk, subject to the Payment of the Taxes only; there were then but Two Under Clerks, who were paid between them the whole Allowance for Clerks, deducting the Six Penny Duty; and the Second Clerk, Mr. Jones, received all the Second Clerk's Fees that accrued in the Year above-mentioned, till the Time of Mr. Death,

which amounted to Eight hundred and One Pounds Two Shillings and One Penny, out of which he paid his Proportion of the Taxes, being Twenty-six Pounds Ten Shillings and Ten Pence, which reduced his clear Receipt to Seven hundred and Seventy-four Pounds Eleven Shillings and Seven Pence. Mr appointed

Mr. Greenland to the Office of Second Clerk, but lie has not attended the Office since his Appointment: The Share of the Second Clerk's Fees for the Remainder of the said Year, amounted to Five hundred and Seventy-eight Pounds Ten Shillings: Out of which was paid for the Share of the Taxes, Fifteen Pounds Nineteen

a 2 Geo. III. 11* Februarii.

teen Shillings and Six Pence; and to Mr. Jones, the Senior of the Under Clerks, One hundred and Fifty Pounds Eight Shillings and Two PenceThreeFarthings, being so much of the Sum of Four hundred Pounds allowed to Mr. Jones, out of the Second Clerk's Fees, as accrued between the Time of Mr. Pratt's Appointment and Michaelmas 1780; which reduced the Second Clerk's ' Fees for that Period, to Four hundred and Twelve Pounds Two Shillings and Three Pence Farthing; which Sum he paid to Lord Camden.

There are now Three Under Clerks, all of whom give Security to the Deputy Teller, by Bond, themselves and Sureties in Two thousand Pounds; the Senior, Mr. Jones, has a clear Salary of Five hundred Pounds a Year, One hundred Pounds paid him by the First Clerk, and Four hundred Pounds out of the Second Clerk's Fees; the Two other Clerks have divided between them the Whole of the Allowance to the Teller for the Clerks, deducing Eight Pounds Ten Shillings a Year, being the Amount of the Sixpenny Duty.

The Gratuities received by the Under Clerks are chiefly from Public Offices; and do not, as he is in-

formed and believes, exceed iti the Whole, In all the Sixth Report Four Offices, Eighty Pounds a Year. The usual Hours "f Commis-of Attendance at this Office, are from before Ten until p^ilc Ac-after One, Holidays excepted. counts.

He believes, that in Time of Peace, the Nett Profits of the Office of Teller do not exceed Two thousand Six hundred Pounds a Year; and of the Office of First Clerk, Seven hundred Pounds a Year; and of Second ;, Five hundred Pounds a Year.

Cha. Tofwnjkend.

Guy Carleton,

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Richd Neave, t Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Tot. 3S.

N'

40

t

r

w

w e <n

n c o

g‘ft

F ^3-3

71 a

N° 49.

Os

An A CCO UNT of $e Salaries, Allowances, Fees, and Gratuities, received by each Officer and Clerk in the Office of the Tellers of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, with the Deductions paid by and the Nett Receipt of each, for the Year 1780$ dillinguidling the Sums paid by the Public from thofepaid out of the Civil List, and by Individuals, with the Nett Annual Receipt in Time of Peace.

OFKICES.

O

cq'

n'

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

c§

FT

k

cn

O

First Teller

Deputy and ift Clerk -

td Clerk Second Teller -

Deputy and 1st Clerk d Clerk

Third Teller

Deputy and I ft Clerk > ftd Clerk -

Fourth Teller

Deputy and ift Clerk ad Clerks j

NAMES.

Earl of Harfou'ickt)

Share of Patent Fee -Allowance for Clerks

Daniel Wray.

For paying Clerks -Of Second Clerk

fork

Earl of Worthington.

Patent Fee

Allowance for Clerks For House Rent

William Price Edward Woodcock* -

Earl Temple.

Patent Fee -

Allowance for Clerks For House Rent From ift Clerk From Second Clerk

Pickard Welles -

William W. Grenville

T. Totonpxndy deceased.

Share of Patent Fee D° of Allowance for Clerks D® of House Rent

J. J. Pratt.

Share of Patent Fee D° of Allowance for Clei ks D° of House Rent -

C. Tent)njl end *

William Jonet

— Greenland

Deduct Allowances received by the Tellers and Clerks, > Mid paid over - - y

Salaries and Total of Salaries, By whom paid. Deductions.

riet and Allowances. Fees and Allowances, Fees, and Gratuities. 1. «ett Receipt

Allowances. Gratuities. r By the Public. Out of the Civil List. \ By Individuals. Payments for Taxes. Payments to Principals. i Payments to Clerks. Payments for Contingencies. 178c.

JI 8 -339 >4 t\ % 7,038 ts -H 7»4°9 X7 5*3*7' i\ 181 1 6 x.911 13 *1 3*8 ia 3 339 T4 4 44 19 — 6,696 11 9i

371 4 H

339 *4 — 230 — — 1,608 5 1 2,177 *9 x,o 14 19 z\ 1,010 15 21 37 4 37 8 4| 1,125 11 c 56 400 — — 18

14 — t 0 1,106 x

" 1,379 22 1 *379 12 1 331 8 6 42 10 — " 230 — — *7 1

3* *J 4 139 *4 H

40 4X1 7 Si 7,038 13 — i 7.45° 2 5»3X7 2 ij 181 6 xo i>95* >3 6* 337 17 4 390 44 19 ~ 6,677 5 T il

5* *

- - 1,608 5 X 1,608 5 1 1,014 19 2j 37 8 4i 555 *7 6 47 xo — .44 — 1,554 IX X

1,379 22 1 1,379 12 1 1,010 15 2| 37 8 4 33* 6 42 10 — - " " 5 1,336 17 I

3* *3 4, 339 14

4o 1,108 15 7 1.337 1 »,857 7,0351, -j 9,896 5.317 2 1$ 181 6 10 4*397 xx 4 337 17 6 - 360 — — 44 >9 4 9*53 H

5 4 4 3

- 1,608 5 x 1,608 5 1 1,014 19 a* 37 8 4 555 i7 6 47 10 — Ii,lo8 15 7 - 5 15 6 446 4

" 1.379 22 1 1,379 12 1 1,010 1J z\ 37 4} 331 8 6 42 10 — i,337 2 1 " " " . "

at 14 4 211 8 i£

6a 4 9 295 4,148 14 — 1 4.444 3,151 xo 6 107 12 — 1,184 18 8£ 206 8 i\ 2x1 8 i\ S* J *1 3,973 H

7 2k 4 *9

it — 128 6 —

37 15 1 177 2,890 t — 3,067 a 2,148 14 — 73 *4 xo 844 13 123 1 128 6 — 2,766 ‘I1- 4

X 5 5 7 - - 49 10 to 4

‘ - - 1,608 j 1 1,608 j 1 1,014 19 2\ 37 8 4* 555 17 6 47 10 — - - 37 X2 — 1 5 15 6 X.5X7 7

- - 801 2 t Sot 2 1 508 7 — 28 3 3 164 IX 10 26 10 6 - - 774 11 7

" - I 578 10 — 578 10 420 3 — 9 5 149 x 10I 15 19 6 - - 150 8 2$ ‘ 4J2 2 3i

+,63x 17 3 40,106 8 10 44.788 6 1 29,272 3 4 1,024 9 — 14.49 x 13 9 1,702 6 8 2 >44 5 17 8 2,247 8 s£ 254 4 38,138 13 4

3,015 11 8 - 3,015 n 8 - - 3.015 11 8 " 2.445 17 8 569 14 — - -

t,666 1 7! 40,106 8 10 41,77a 14 5 29,272 3 4 1,02 9 — 11,476 2 1 1,702 6 8 - - x.477 *4 51 254 i 38,138 13 4

Nett Receipt in Time of Peace.

£. 2,600. — —

700 500

o©

22 Geo. III.

110 Februdrii.

N* 50.

To the Commissioners appointed to examine* iake, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

An Exa6t STATE of the Salaries, Fees, and Gratuities received by the Chamberlains of the Exchequer and their Deputies, with the Total Amount thereof received by them, and each of them, from the 29 th oiSeptemb& 17 79 to the 29 th of September 178a.

MontagueBurgoyne, Esquire, Chamberlain ——

Land Tax, and 6d. per Pound Civil Lilt deducted -

The honourable Frederick North, Chamberlain -

Land Tax, and 6d. Pound Civil List deducted -

9alary.

52 3 4 5 6

Wardrobe Money. 1366

52 3 4

5 6

4 - Dedu6t Fees 168

- 46 17 ——

11 19 10

4 -

- 46 17

- 13 6 6

Deduct Fees 168

93 M

11 1910

93 14 —

Salaries and Fees of the Deputies, on the Receipt Side of the Exchequer, for striking Tallies.

Ahraliam Farley, Esquire, Deputy.

By Debenture

iyr ermly Orders from the Treasury ——

By an ancient Allowance from the Treasury for Attendance in Time of Vacation For locking up His Majesty's Treasure as Senior Deputy Chamberlain

Deduct 6d. per Pound Civil List, and is.per Pound -

For Talliekftruck on the Customs - - -.-

----- Stamps ——

----- Excise - r'' ——

For Tallies on Land Tax, Window Duties, Servants, Sheriffs Proffers, Salt Duties, Hawkers and Pedlars, Hackney Coaches, Seizures, and other small Duties, the Fees of which cannot be particularly ascertained ——

Allowance from the Treasury for Tallies struck on Contributions to Annuities and Lottery - - * .

Gratuity from the Paymaster of the Army ——

Land Tax deducted

Abram Farley,

William Hammond, Esquire, Deputy.

By Debenture - -

By Termly Orders from the Treasury ——

By an ancient Allowance from the Treasury for Attendance in Time of Vacation

Dedu6t 6d. per Pound Civil List

For Tallies struck on the Customs - -

- Stamps ——

- Excise ——

For Tallies on Land Tax, Window Duties, Servants, Sheriffs Proffers, Salt Duties, Hawkers and Pedlars, Hackney Coaches, Seizures, and other small Duties, the Fees of which cannot be particularly ascertained -Allowance from the Treasury for Tallies struck on Contributions to Annuities and Lottery -

Gratuity from the Paymaster of the Army ——

Land Tax deducted

Vol. 38.

W. Hammo

10 — —

7 — —

40 "4"‘‘

9l 18 6

9° 1 6

47 3 6

14 H 6

89 1 6

42 *7 11

70 *3 3

3 13 6

358 12 5 8

346 5 8

10

O

57 — - —

1 8 6

55 11 6

47 3 6

»4 M 6

1 6

/X *► 11

70 13 3

3 *3 6

323 *5 8

*7 7 —

306 8 8

346 5 8

652 M 4

TOTAL.

ii7 13 8

Salaries

Sixth Report of Coninilffioners of; Public Account

764

l i# Februnrit.

Sixth Report

Salaries and Fees of the Deputies on the Court Side of the Exchequer, fof Public Ac* joiuing Tallies.

cotiHta.

James Galloway, and George Ro/e, Esquires, Deputies*

By Debenture each -

Excise Fees, each, for the Year's Account ending Mid-Jammer 1779 ——

Custom Fees, each, for the Year's Account ending January 1778 - -. - - * -

Stamp Fees, each ——

Tallies on Contributions to Annuities and Lottery* each* -

Land Tax, Window Duties, Sheriffs Proffers, Salt Du ties, Hackney Coaches, Hawkers and Pedlars, Seizures, and other small Duties, including -the Mid-J'ummer Custom Fee of £. 1 o. 4r. -

joined within the Period of this Account, each

each

5 — — 10 — —

88 8 9 176 17 6

105 1 — 210 2 ,

21 9 '6 42 19 —

86 18 9 173 17 6

41 15 8 83 11 4

4* C7Y CO 811 4

I 705 18 8

► 16 2 b to N. <Ln 1

Total of the Deputies on the Court Side Total of the Deputies on the Receipt Side

Total of the Chamberlains and their Deputies

James Galloway. George R

A. 1782.

TOTAL*

673 13 8 652 14 4

1,444 t 8

This Sum includes' the Fees on the toan Tallies for Two Years, but as they happened to be received within- the Time for which this Account was directed to be made out, they are both included. £. 83. 21. 6d. was received 08. 12th. 1779, for the Loan Tallies nr 1778; and £. 90. 15*. was received Au^ujl 3d 1780, for the Loan Tallies in 1779.

The Chamberlains, <or their Deputies, are not entitled to any Fees on the Issue or Payment of any Monies whatsoever out of the Exchequer.

N. 51.

The Examination of Abraham , - Esquire,

Deputy to Montague Burgoyne, Esquire, one of the Chamberlains of the Exchequer j taken upon Oath, 21st and I2d November 1781.

This Examinant faith. That he is Deputy Chamberlain in the Receipt of the Exchequer to Montague -goyne, Esquire, one of the Chamberlains of the Exchequer. The Chamberlain is appointed by the Crown, by Letters Patent, to hold his Office for Life, and to exercise it by himself, or his Deputy or Deputies. Mr. Burgoyne does not execute any Part of the Business of this Office himsel£ but the whole of it by his Deputies. He has been Deputy Chamberlain ever since the Year 1735, to Three successive Chamberlains, none of whom ever executed any Part of the Business themselves.

This Office, on the Receipt Sjde, consists of Two Chamberlains and Two Deputies, and no other Officer} it is called the Tally Court, whose Ifcifiness it is, to strike Tallies for the Persons who pay Money into the Exchequer. ThiaTally is an Acquittance, and consists of Two Parts; the Tally, which is delivered to the Person who pays; and the Counterpart, called the Foil, which the Deputy Chamberlain on the Court Side takes and keeps until the Person paflesdiis Accounts; the Sum paid in being cut upon the Tally, and the Name of the Person, the Date, and the Head of Duty, being wrote on each Side by the Tally Writer; and the Tally being split into Two Parts, the Senior of the Two Deputy Chamberlains, both of whom constantly attend* reads the Tally, the other holds the Foil, and fees that it agrees with the Tally, and the Clerk of the Introitus fees that it agrees with his Entry of the Receipt. In this Office are kept the* Standard Weights and Mea-fiires; the Weights and Measures delivered to the Sub->4

jests are here sized and sealed; this happens but feldorn. The Chamberlains al'so have each a Key to the Treasury, where the Standard Pieces of Gold and Silver are kept, and attend at the Trial of the Pix, which happens once in Five or Six Years.

The Chamberlain is entitled to a Salary of Fifty-two Pounds Three Shillings and Four Pence a Year, paid him Half Yearly by Debenture, by virtue of the Dormant W arrant; which Salary is reduced, by the I and Tax and Six Penny Duty, to Forty-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings; this Sum the Deputy receives, and pays to the Chamberlain.

He further faith. The Deputy is appointed by Deed, under the Hand and Seal of the Chamberlain: He is entitled, as Senior Deputy, to Four ancient Salaries of Ten Pounds, Forty Pounds, Seven Pounds, and Forty Pounds a Year, making together Ninety-seven Pounds, paid to him by Order or Debenture. He is also entitled as Deputy in general, to One Eighth, and in a very lew Instances to a greater Share of the Fees paid by the Persons paying Money into the Exchequer for firiking their Tallies, which Fees are estimated, in feme Cafes, by the Tally, and in others by the Sum paid in, according to an ancient Table of Fees hung up in the Tally Office. When the Tallies are taken from the Office, which is frequently many Days after the Payment in, the Person applying pays the Fees, which Fees are divided generally Twice a Week into Four Parts, One for the Auditor and his Clerk, One for the Clerk of the Pells and his Clerk, One for the Tally Cutter, and One for the Two Deputy Chamberlains, in equal Shares j in One or Two trifling Cafes this Division is not adhered to: This has been the Usageever since he has been in the Office. His Share of these Fees for the Year ending at Michaelmas 1780, amounted to One hundred and Ninety' Three Pounds Seventeen Shilling? and Five Pence.

The

SB

12 Geo. ill.

11

0 Februafii.

The Fees arising from the Tallies Itruck on the Contributions to Annuities and the Lottery, and for some other small Payments, are allowed by the Treasury, and amounted in that Year to Seventy Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Three Pence; he also received a Gratuity of Three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Six Pence; which several Sums amounted to Three hundred and Sixty-five Pounds Four Shillings and Two Pence: Out of which he paid, for Taxes, Eighteen Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six Pence, which reduced his clear Receipt to Three hundred and Forty-six Pounds Five Shillings and Eight Pence, out of which he paid to his Principal Seventy Pounds, being the Sum he pays to him annually by Agreement, out of the Profits of his Office; the Remainder, beingTwo hundred and Seventy-six Pounds Five Shillings and Eight Pence, he kept for his own Use. and received no other Salary, Fee, or Gratuity whatever; for the Execution of this Office, during the said Time. He further faith. That the One Shilling and Six Penny Duties are deduced in the Teller's Office, and the Land Tax is paid to the Collector.

As Senior Deputy Chamberlain he keeps One of the Keys to the Tellers Chests, and attends whenever they are opened, for which Service, he receives One of the Salaries of Forty Pounds a Year above mentioned,

Farley.

Guy Carleton,

T. Anguish,

Geo. Drummond.

n*52.

The Examination of Mr. William Deputy to the honourable Frederick , one of the Chamberlains of the Exchequer; taken upon Oath, 26th November 1781.

This Examinant faith. That he is Deputy Chamberlain in the Receipt of the Exchequer to the honourable Frederick North, One of the Chamberlains of the Exchequer; he was before Deputy to Sir Simeon who never executed, nor does the present Chamberlain execute, any Part of the Businessof the Office. He receives as Deputy; the like Salaries and Fees as are received by the Senior Deputy, except tfieSalary of Forty Pounds a Year for locking up the Treasure. These Salaries and Fees amounted in the Year ending at Michaelmas 1780, to Three hundred apd Twenty-five Pounds Four Shillings and Two Pence; out of which he paid for Taxes Eighteen Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Six Pence, which reduced the Nett Receipt to Three hundred and Six Pounds Eight Shillings and Eight Pence. He does not receive this Sum to his own Use, but accounts for the Whole of it (except the Gratuity of Three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Six Pence from the Paymaster General of the Forces, and another small Sum of about Ten or Fifteen Shillings) to his Principal; and receives from him a Salary of Fifty Pounds a Year, and no more, for the Execution of this Office; which is the Salary that has been paid to him ever since he has been Deputy.

W. Hammond.

Guy Carletoni

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

1 r

derick North, one of the Chamberlains of the Exche- Sixth Report quer: He is appointed Deputy by Deed, and exebutes the Business of this Office; the Principal executes no guyic Part of it. . Account*.

This Office on the Court Side consists of the Two Chamberlains, Two Deputies, and a Clerk $ and the Business is to receive from the Tally Court, and keep the Foils, until an Account is brought to bejuliified, at which Time the Tallies for the Sums paid into the Exchequer are produced with the Account, and left with the Deputy Chamberlain, who compares the Tallies with the Foils, and if they agree, a peculiar Mark is made on each, by an Inilrument kept for that Purpose, by which Mark the Officers of the Pipe know that the Tallies have been examined and approved in this Office.

The Deputy certifies upon the Account., that the Tallies are received and joined ',an Entry of them is made in a Book, the Account is delivered back, and the Tab lies kept till called for by, and delivered to, the Clerk of the Pipe. The Foils continue in the Office. Unless the Tally is produced, the Account never is, and cannot be, passed in this Office.

The Chamberlain is entitled to an ancient Salary of Fifty-two Pounds Three Shillings and Four Pence, paid by Debenture, and subject to Taxes, amounting to Five Pounds Six Shillings and Four Pence; he is also entitled to Thirteen Pounds Six Shillings and Six Pence, in lieu of Veftures, subject to One Pound Six Shillings and Eight Pence for Fees: The clear Sum arising from these Two Payments, is Fifty-eight Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Ten Pence; which Sum he receives and pays to the Use of Mr. North.

He receives, as Deputy, an ancient Salary of Five Pounds a Year, payable by Debenture and Fees from the Accountants or their Agents, for joing Tallies, according to an ancient Tablehungup in the Office. The Fees oh the Loans are paid by Order of the Treasury at the Exchequer; all the Fees are equally divided between the Two Deputies.

The Salary and Fees received by him in the Year endingat Michaelmas 1780, amounted to Three hundred and Fifty-two Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Four Pence: Out of which he paid, for" Taxes Sixteen Pounds Two Shillings and Six Pence, and to the Clerk Twelve PoundsTen Shillings; which reduced the clear Receipt* during that Year, to Three hundred and Twenty-four Pounds Six {Shillings and Ten Pence; this Sum be paid,

Part to the Representatives of Sir Simeon , and

Part to the Use of Mr. Norths who was appointed Chamberlain during that Year, deducing therefrom Fifty Pounds, being the annual Salary allowed to hirp> both by Sir Simeon Stewurt and Mr. North, for the Execution of this Office; besides which he received no other Fee or Gratuity whatever.

It is not necessary that both the Deputies should always attend, in general the Business may be done by,

One; but for greater Expedition, the Attendance of both is sometimes necessary. The Clerk is paid a Salary of Twenty-five Pounds a Year,

James Galloway.

Guy Carletoni T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond.

N' 53-

The Examination of Mr. James Deputy

to the honourable Frederick North, one of the Chamberlains of the Exchequer; taken upon Oath, 26th November 1781.

This Examinant faith. That he is Deputy on the Court Side of the Exchequer, to the honourable Fre-Vofc. 38.

N-54.

The Examination of George Boje, Esquire, Deputy to Montague Burgoyne, Esquire, one of the Chamberlains of the Exchequer; taken upon Oath, 28th November 1781.

This Examinant faith, That be is Deputy Chamberlain on the Court Side of the Exchequer, to Montague Burgoyne, Esquire, One of the Chamberlains. He receives for Mr. Burgoyne a Payment of Thirteen Pounds

Six

7 66

110 Febru.

A \ 1784.

lioners of Public Accounts.

Sixth Report Six Shillings and Six Ponce a Year, out of the Great of Commit Wardrobe, for Veftures; reduced, by One Pound Six Shillings and Eight Pence paid for Fees, to Eleven Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Ten Pence. As Deputy, he receives a Salary of Fiv^Poutfds a Year (which lie reserves to himself) and a Moiety of the Fees, which amounted, in the Year ending at Michaelmas 1780, to Three hundred Forty-seven Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Four Pence: Out of which he paid, for Taxes Sixteen Pounds Two Shillings and Six Pence, and some incidental Expences not exceeding Three Pounds, which reduced the clear Receipt to about Three hundred Twenty-eight Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Ten Pence: This Sum, together with the Wardrobe Money, he paid to his Principal; and was allowed by him, for the Execution of this Office, Seventy-two Pounds Ten Shillings a Year, out of which he paid Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings to the under Clerk; He believes the Produce of the Year above-mentioned, exceeded the Average Produce of former Years by about Forty Pounds, the Loan Tallies of a former Year being received in that Year.

George Rose.

Guy Carletoriy T. Angaish,

A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond.

N'55.

To the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and (late, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

An exact STATE of the Salary, Fees, and Gratuities, received by Thomas Lamb, Esquire, Tally Cutter in His Majesty's Exchequer, and by his Deputy Charles Alexander, from the 29th September 1779 to the 29th Day of September 1780; viz.

x- 56.

By Salary or Annual Payments out of the

Civil List....

By Allowance from the Lords of the Trea-fury out of the Civil List, for cutting Tallies on the Contributions By Amount of Fees for cutting Tallies on the Monies paid in on the several Duties ——

Salary to his Deputy for grinding Tools Gratuities received by his Deputy

Land Tax paid by the Tally Cutter

Total - - £.

£ A. 5 7 3

141 6 6

366 7 10

1 10 —

1 3 6

515 lS 1

14 10 —

501 5 1

Ar. B. The above Sums paid out of the Civil List is the Nett Money received after the Deduction of 6d. in the Pound*

Ch* Alexander Depi*

Exchequer, the 10th Day of October 1781.

The Examination of Mr. Charles Alexander, Deputy Tally Cutter in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer; taken upon Oath, 29th November 1781.

This Examinant faith, That he is Deputy Tally Cutter to Thomas Lamb, Esquire, who holds the Office of Tally Cutter, under an Appointment from the Lords of the Treasury, during Plea lure; he has been Deputy about Seven Years, and has executed the whole Buli-nefsofthis Office himself, with occasional Affiliance Mr. Lambhas not executed, nor has it, as he believes, been usual for the Principal to execute any Part of it.

This Office consists of Two Persons only, the Tally Cutter and his Deputy y the Business is to take from the Tellers Bills the Sums received, and to prepare the Tallies by squaring them and cutting upon them the Sums in Notches, after which he delivers them to the Tally Writer. The Profits of this Office to the Principal consists of Two Payments, of Five Pounds Ten Shillings a Year, payable by Order and Debenture, and of an Allowance for cutting Tallies on Contributions, payable by Warrant from the Treasury; this Sum varies as the Loans vary, and amounted in the Year ending at Michaelmas 1780, to One hundred and Forty-one Pounds Six Shillings and Six Pence; these Sums are paid out of the Civil List; He is affo entitled to One Fourth Part of the Sums paid for Tallies (with a few Exceptions) received by the Deputy Chamberlains in the Tally Court from the Persons taking out their Tallies; this Fourth Part amounted in the same Year to Three hundred and Sixty-six Pounds Seven Shillings and Ten Pence: These Sums together amount to Five hundred and Thirteen Pounds Four Shillings and Four Pence; out of which he paid, for Land Tax Fourteen Pounds Ten Shillings, the Sixpenny Duty on the Salary Two Shillings and Nine Pence, and Allowances to his Deputy, Fifty-seven Pounds One Shilling and Three Pence, which reduced his clear Receipt for that Year to Four hundred and Forty-one Pounds Ten Shillings and Four Pence; which Sum he received for, and paid to Mr. Lamb. The Deputy has a small Annual Payment of One Pound Ten Shillings from the Uiher for grinding Tools, and some small Gratuities, amounting to One Pound Three Shillings and Six Pence; he was allowed by his Principal a Salary of Fifty Pounds a Year, and Five per Cent, on the Treasury Allowance, all which amounted in that Year to Fifty-nine Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Nine Pence.

Ch* Alexander*

Guy Carletoriy T. Anguijhy

A. Piggott, )

Geo. Drummond

32 Geo. JII.

ll° Februariii

7*7

N- 57.

TABLE of Fees payable to the Officers and Clerks of the Tally Court.

Sixth Report* of Commissioners of Public Accounts*

Alienations - -

Baronets - -

Corapositions ——

Customeand Excise, Salt, Hides, and such like Duties, £. 1,000 Escheators of Counties and Cities Farmers of Licences upon new Grants -Fines of Leases and First Fruits -

Hawkers and Pedlars -

Imprest Money repaid, 2 s. per £. 1,000, or per Tally -

Innovate Tally - - -

Land Tax, Houses, Me.

Proffers for Year -

Proffers for a Bailwick, yearly -

Purchased Lands -

Redemption of Lands -

Remainders of Accounts

Rents of Grants per £ Year. -

Rent of Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and such like Duties

Rent of Lands ——

Reward for the Chaplains and Converts at the Rolls

Reward to the Sheriffs - -

Sale of Recusants Goods and of forfeited Estates for Treason

Sale of Woods ——

Seizures ——

Sheriffs Remainders of Accounts -

Tenths of the Clergy, for each. Year - -

Wine Licences ——

Brewers Forfeitures, and such like Forfeitures -

£. s. d.

- 10

- I 10

- - mmm I

- - ~ 2

- - — 6 8

- - 1 — 10 —

- - - — 6 -p.

- - — 10 —

- - — 10 —

— 14 8

m — 6 —

m — 22

- — 10 —

m 1 -. —

- w- 6 —

- — 10 —

- — 10

- — 2 —

- — 13 4

m — 12 —

— 10 —

m — 6 —

- — 2 6

m — 2 —

- - — 2 — *

m — 10 —

Commissioner -10 — — 3 4

Hie Fees m4he Tally Court are divided as follows, with some trifling Exceptions:

One Fourth to the Two Deputy Chamberlains.

One Fourth to the Auditor and his Clerk.

One Fourth to the Cleric of the Pells and his Clerk,

One Fourth to the Tally Cutter.

IKHamZwld} DePnt? Chamberlain*

Wm Jones, Clerk to the Auditor.

Henry Thomas, Clerk to the Clerk of the Pells. Ch‘ Alexander, Deputy to the Tally Cutter.

V01. 38.

9K

X9 58.

768

11 ® Februarii.

A. 1782*

Sifth Report of Coinmiffi oners of Public Accounts.

N* 58.

TABLE of Fees of the Deputy Chamberlains of His Majesty's Exchequer, on the Court Side.

For Sheriffs Proffers of Counties, for a Year -

D* — ..... of Cities, for D*

Tally for Liberty, each Year Fee Farm Rent -

Composition - -

Pro Tally - -

Seizure of Sheriff, or Distringas Remainder of Account -Baronets Tally -

Great Farm, each Year's Rent Tallies of Excise, per Hearth Money Customs and ImpoGtions, per£. 1,000 Salt Tallies -

Tallies of Receivers of Land Tax and Houses Stamps - -

Post Office - - - -

Hackney Coaches - - *' -

Hawkers and Pedlars -

Civil List Duty, 6 d. -Imprest Money repaid *

First Fruits and Tenths -

Alienation -

Treasury Loans, per Tally, or£. 1,000 Sale of Lands -

-Fines of Leases, each Rent Certificate - -

Tallies for 1 s. Deduction on Places, ttc.

Innovate -

Tally altered -

Search - -

Sale of French Prizes, p 1,000 «

- £ * i.

tm m -L 6 8

m - — 3 ♦

m m — X 8

m — 1 8

— 1 S

- X 8

- — I —

m — I —

- mm — 13 4

- - - — io —

- - - 3m —

- - - — 2 —

- - - - — 2 —

- Mi — 1 —

- - ~ m - X —

- - — I —

- - m J X —

- — I —

ft - - — I —

- - - — I —

- - X —

- - ~ m - — I —

- _ m — — 3

- - - — 6 S

— 1 —

- - — 2 6

- mm I —

I —

- m — l6 S

m 2

George Ro/e, James Galloway.

D

cq'

N

CD

CL

cr

N* 59.

r An ACCOUNT of the Salaries, Allowances, Fees, and Gratuities, receivedby each Officer and Clerk in the O.Tice of the Chamberlains of His Majesty's Exchequer; with the Deductions paid t»j by, and the Nett Receipt of each, for the Year 1780; distinguishing the Sums paid by the Public from those paid out of the Civil List, and by Individuals.

OFFICES. NAMES. Salaries and Allowances. Total of Salaries and Allowances. Fees and Gratuities* Toral of Salaries, By whom paid. Dedu ions. Nett Receipt, 1780.

Allowances, Fees, and Gratuities. r By the Public. Out of tha Civil List* > By Individuals. Payments for Taxes. Payments to Principals. Payments to Clerks. Payments^ for Contingencies.

Senior Chamberlain Montague B -Wardrobe Money -From Mr. Farley -From Mr. Rose - 52 3 4 13 6 6 70 25 6 6 10 391 16 8- 592 1 10 97 57 1 5 5 5 10 — 57 3 - 391 16 8 592 1 10 365 4 a 325 4 2 352 19 4 352 19 4 ' 513 4 4 59 M 9 65 9 10 65 9 10 167 13 3 127 13 3 9* 18 9 91 18 9 146 16 6 i 10 — 326 6 10 526 12 — *93 *7 5 *93 *7 5 261 — 7 261 — 7 366 7 IO 58 4 9 564 _ c . * 168 168 m m m 385 3 585 8 10 276 5 8 54 3 6 50 65 441 10 4 59 *4 9

J unior Chamberlain Frederick North - -Wardrobe Money -From Mr. Hammond From Mr. Galloway 52 3 4 1366 252 5 2 274 6 10 m m m

Senior ('Deputy - Deputies - Tally Cutter Deputy Abraham Farley - -(William Hammond -I James Gafloroay - -[George RoJ'e - -Thomas.Lambe - -Charles Alexander 97 57 5 5 5 10 — 57 1 3 268 4 2 268 4 2 347 19. 4 347 *9 4 507 14 4 2 13 6 3 13 3 *3 6 — m 5 b 4 1818 6 1815 6 16 a 6 1626 14 12 9 70 252 5 2 274 6 10 256 6 10 12 10 — 12 to — 57 1 3

Deduct Fees and Gratuities received by Principals and 1 Deputies, and paid over ..... .1,210 9 9 910 — X 1,742 14 10 «a *953 4 7 910 — 1 7 7 — 758 iO 2 m 2,187 7 5 910 — 1 195 4 5 t 852 18 IO 852 18 10 82 1- 3 57 3 5 *3 4 i,9*7 $ 9

I 300 9 8 1,742 14 10 2,043 4 6 7 7 — 758 IO 2 1,277 7 4 95 4 5 ► 25 5 *3 4 1,917 6 9

ts>

O

w

o

0\

VO

o 4 2 -3

rS

77°

ii

Februarii.

A. 1782.

Sixth Report of Commissioners of Public Account*.

N° 60.

To the Commissioners of the Public Accounts.

Gentlemen,

In Obedience to your Precept, bearing Date 24th, 1781, the following Account is an exact State of the Salaries, Fees, and Gratuities received by the Ulher of the Exchequer, his Deputy, Clerk, and Yeoman Ulher, in the Year 1780, reckoning from Michaelmas 1779 to Michaelmas 1780.

Michaelmas Term 1779, and Hilary Term 1780.

Ulher's Patent Fee Liberate Fee -Diets in the above Terms, at Day -Diets in the above Vacations, at per Day -For Two Grooms attending the said Receipt ... - -

For a Winter Livery from the Cham-berlain's Office in the City -For Rent of a Cellar (now given up) For Rent of the Engine House Profits upon the Service of the Treasury and Exchequer, with Stationary of all Sorts, and Fees -

Ulher's Deputy.

Salary and Fees -

Ulher's Clerk.

Salary, Fees, and Gratuities -

Yeoman Ulher.

Liberate Fee -

Diets in the above Terms, at |

Day....

Diets in the above Vacations, at id.

per Day -For Care of the Clock in the Tally Court, and opening and shutting the Portcullis -For keeping a Dog, in the above Terms and Vacations, at 6d. per Week -For sweeping the Tally Writer'sOflice For carrying Tallies from the Old Pells to the Tally Court Salaries, Fees, and Gratuities

Easterand Trinity Term 1780.

Ulher's Liberate Fee -

Treasury Order -

Diets in the above Terms, at |

Day -Diets in the Vacations, at id. Day

For Two Grooms attending the Exchequer -For Rent for the Engine House Profits upon the Service of the Treasury and Exchequer, with Stationary of all Sorts, and Fees -

£. s. d. 6 13 4

— 29!

— 16 8

— 13 4

3 ——

6 6 —

3 ——

1,674 7 i©£

1,700 ——

244 12 2

67 9

19 8 — I

5 — —

— 2 8$

196

— 13 4

3 -

2,484 14 si

Ulher's Deputy.

Salary, Fees, and Gratuities

Ulher's Clerk.

Salary, Fees, and Gratuities

Yeoman Ulher.

Liberate Fee -

Diets in the above Terms, at id. per Day -

Diets in the Vacations, at 2d. per Day For Care of the Clodc in the Tally Court, and opening and shutting the Portcullis -For keeping a Dog, in the above Terms and Vacations, at 6d. per Week For sweeping the Tally Writer's Office For carrying Tallies from the Old Pells to the Tally Court -Salary, Fees, and Gratuities For sealing Coal Sacks, in the whole Year, about -

£ *d. 278 18 3

58 12 —

- 2 H

196

» 5-

— 16 —

13 19 6

17 -

39 12 8l

Gentlemen,

I beg Leave to observe, that the Ulher's Profits were more in the above Year, than they ever were before or have been since, and that the Salaries of his Deputy, Clerk, and Yeoman Ulher, are paid by him.

Cha Bedford, Depy Ulher,

N® 6

1.

— 2 9I

— 16 8

5 ~

— 10 7

12 3 —

2,500 ——

The Examination of Charles , Esquire,

Deputy to the honourable Horace Ulher of the Exchequer taken upon Oath, the 3d, 5th,_and6th December 1781.

This Examinant faith, That he is Deputy Ulher of the Receipt of the Exchequer to the honourable Horace Walpole, the Ulher; he was appointed by Deed, under the Hand and Seal of the Ulher, and has been Deputy Seven Years. The Ulher is appointed by Letter* Patent for Life, to exercise his Office by himself, or his Deputy or Deputies. He believes it has always been usual for the Ulher to execute his Office by Deputy; the present Ulher transacts no Part of the Bufinefc himself, it is all done by the Deputy.

The Office consists of the Ulher, his Deputy, and a Clerk, who is now also Yeoman Ulher; the Ulher appoints them all.

It is the Business of this Office to supply the Treasury and Exchequer with all Kinds of Stationary Ware, Tables, Delks, and Turnery Ware, and the Exchequer with Coals; to keep the Keys of the Doors of the Exchequer, and to employ the Persons who do Repairs to the Exchequer, and the Inside of the Treasury. The Advantages to the Ulher arise either from certain small Half Yearly Payments, or from the Profits he makes by his supplying the Treasury and Exchequer with these Articles, at a Rate according to an ancient Table of allowed Prices, kept in the Offices of the Ulher and Auditor. He has a Profit of Forty per Cent, upon extraordinary Articles not included in the Table, and Three Shillings and Six Pence in the Pound on Bills for Repairs. He delivers nothing to any Office without a Note, specifying the Article wanted; and every Half Year he makes out an Account for each Office of every Article he has served to that Office, which Accounts

12 Geo. III. i \° Februarii. 77 r

counts are both compared with the Notes, and signed by the Deputies or First Clerks in each Office, and are the Uther's Vouchers: Two Liberates are then made out, one for the old, the other for the new Offices; these Liberates contain all the Articles in those Vouchers, with the Prices; they are carried with the Vouchers to the Auditor; they are there examined and signed by him, then signed by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, after which they are paid, by Orders under the General Letters Patent dormant. All these l ees and Profits, that accrued to the Uhl ter during the Year ending at Michaclmns 1780, amounted to Five thousand Two hundred and Ninety-three PblmdsSixSliillings and One Farthing: Out of which he paid, for Taxes, Four hundred and Seventy-six Pounds and Five Pence Farthing; for Fees at the Tivafury and the Exchequer, Forty-six Pounds Eighteen Shillings; for incidental Exper.cts, One hundred and Five Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Ten Pence; to his Deputy, a Salary of One hundred and Forty-four Pounds, and One Third of the Poundage on the Bills for Repairs, Two hundred and Thirty-four Pounds Four Shillings and Six Pence, to the Clerk, a Salary of Fifty Pounds, and as Yeoman Ullier, Thirty-six Pounds Eight Shillings and Three Pence; amounting together to One thousand and Ninety-three Pounds Six Shillings and One Farthing; which reduced his clear Receipt for that Year to Four thousand Two hundred Pounds; whicirSuin he paid to Mr. Walpole. The Stuns contained in t he Four Liberates for t hat Ye.lr, amounted to Fourteen thousand Four hundred and Forty Pounds Three Shillings and Six Pence.

Me further faith, That as Deputy Ulher, be received from his Principal A Salary ot One hundred kind Forty-four Pounds, and a Third Part of the Poundage on the Bills for Repairs, Two hundred and Thirty-four Pounds Four Shillings and Six Pence; end Fees from the Stationer and others, Onfe hundred and Forty-five

Pounds Five Shillings and Eleven Pence; making together Five hundred and Twenty-three Pounds Ten Shillings and Five Pence, reduced, by Four Pounds paid for Taxes, to Five hundred and Nineteen Pounds Ten Shillings and Five Pence; which was the whole Nett Profits of this Office for that Year. That he hath been informed by the Clerk, and believes it to be true, that he is paid by the Usher, a Salary of Fifty Pounds a Year, and he received in Gratuities, Seventy-six Pounds, One Shilling, making together One hundred and Twenty-six Pounds One. Shilling; as Yeoman Usher he received from the Usher a Salary of Ten Pounds, for Incidents, Twenty-six Pounds Light Shillings and Three Pence, and in Gratuities from others. Twenty-three Pounds Two Shillings and Six Pence; together. Fifty-nine Pounds Ten Shillings and Nine Pence.

The Two Liberates for the old Offices amounted in the Year 1780 to Twelve thousand Three hundred and Thirteen Pounds Nine Shillings and Five Pence Halfpenny; of which, Three thousand Four hundred and Eighty-seven Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Seven Pence, was for Repairs, and Ninety-lix Pounds for Coals: These Liberates are paid out of the Civil List. The Two Liberates for the new Offices amounted to Two thousand One hundred and Twenty-six Pounds Fourteen Shillings and One Halfpenny, of which, Five hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven Pence, was for Repairs, and Eighty-five P winds Ten Shillings for Co&Is: These Two are paid out of other Funds.

Cha. Bedford.

Guy Carle ton,

T. Angui/h,

A. Piggott,

Bicld Neave,

Sain1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

Voi., 38.

9 L

Sixth Report of Oomnv.i-fioners of Public Ac-Cc unts.

4L

N* 62.

o e

~ a

H

An ACCO U NT of the Salaries, Allowances, Fees, anil Gratuities, received by each Officer and Clerk in the Office of the Uiher "of His Majesty's Exchequer, with the Deductions paid by, and the Nett Receipt of each, for the Year 1780; distinguishing the Sums paid by the Public from those paid out of the Civil LIII, and by Individuals.

D

ca'

n'

CD

Q_

C

o

o

eg.

FT

% By whom paid. Deduction?.

OFFICES. NAMES. Salaries and Allowances. Fees and Gratuities. 1 ot3l of Salaries, Allowances, Fees, and Gratuities. r By the Public. Out of the Civil List. 1 By Individuals. ft r Payments for Taxes. Payments to Clerks. Payments for Contingencies. Nett Receipt, .780.

Uiher Horace Walpole i 40 17 8 5>252 8 4* 5>293 6 -1 1,007 6 8j 4,285 19 4 - m 476 — 5* 464 12 9 I52 12 10 4,200

Deputy - Charles Bedford , 378 4 6 145 5 11 523 xo 5 523 10 5 4 - - - - 519 10 5

Usher's Clerk - William Harris 50 76 1 — 126 1 — - - - 126 1 126 1 —

Yeoman Uiher - William Harris XO 49 to 9 59 10 9 m m - - 59 10 9 59 10 9

479 2 2 5,523 6 — i 6,002 8 2i 1,007 6 8j 4,285 19 4 709 2 2 480 — 5i 464 12 9 152 12 IO 4>9°5 *

Deduct Allowances^] Sic. received by the Uiher, and I paid over to De- / puty Clerk and Yeoman Uiher. 1 - - - 464 12 9 464 12 9 mm m 9 464 12 9 - - - 464 12 9 — —

- 479 2 2 5.058 13 3i 5.537 15 5i 1,007 6 8f 4,285 19 4 244 9 5 480 — 52 152 12 10 4,905 2 2

K

CO

110 Februarli.

22 Geo. III.

11

Februariu

773

N* 63.

To the Commissioners of Public Accounts.

Gentlemen,

In Obedience to your Order of the 24th 1781, directed to the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills, requiring them to give an exact State of the Salaries, Fees, and Gratuities, received by each of them, and by the Officers and Clerks in their Office, with the Total Amount received by each of them, and by each of the said Officers and Clerks, during the Year 1780;

I do hereby transmit to you, an exa6l Account thereof, from the 5th April 178010 the 1781.

To Mr. Bott

— Mr. Ritzo S Paymasters - — Mr. Baricell,) - — - Mr. Thornton, Comptroller -

— Mr. Jones, Accountant -

— Mr. Cooke, Cashier

— Mr. JFannion,(cl,

— Mr. Ripley, jUeiks

— Mrs. Appleby, Housekeeper

— Mr. Pilfold, Messenger

Out of which the Paymasters pay Land Tax for them* selves. Clerks, and Substitutes - - - 60 — —

1 s. per Lib. Deduction by D* - - 42 10 —

Mr. Thornton, Comptroller

Land Tax - 24 ——

1 s. per Lib. Deduction by D* - - - 17 10 —

£. s. d. 283 6 8

283 6 8 283 6 8

350 ——

i5° ——

80 — — 60 — —

50 ——

40 ——

40 ——

1,620 — —

144 ——

1,476 ——

N. B. No Fees or Gratuities whatsoever are allowed or taken by any Person in this Office, except £. 2. 7 s. which has always been allowed to the Accountant for making up the Year's Account.

Exchequer Bill Office, July 28th, 1781.

W'n Jones, Accountant.

N* 64.

The Examination of Nathaniel Barwell, Esquire, one of the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills; taken upon Oath, 4th December 1781.

This Examinant faith. That he is One of the Pay-masters of Exchequer Bills: He is appointed by a Constitution under the Hands and Seals of the Commissioners of the Treasury, during Pleasure.

This Office consists of Three Paymasters, a Comptroller, an Accountant, a Cashier, Two Clerks, a Housekeeper, and Messenger; and at the Time the Public Bills are paying, as many Assistant Clerks as are wanted. The Paymasters appoint all the Officers and Clerks, except the Comptroller and Housekeeper, who are appointed by Constitution by the Commissioners of the Treasury.

The Business of this Office is to pay off and discharge the Principal and Interest due upon all Exchequer Bills.

When Public Bills are to be paid off, in consequence of a Letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, a Computation is made of the Principal and Interest due Vol. 38.

upon the Bills therein mentioned, from the Days they Report were severally issued to a given Day, of which public of

Notice is given by Advertisements; this Computation pubiic being sent to the Treasury, a Warrant and Order are Account*, obtained for the Payment of the computed Sum to the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills, which Sum is paid by the Tellers to the Bank, on the Account of those Pay-rnafters, and is drawn for from Time to Time by any Two of them, either payable to the Exchequer Bill Holders, or to their Cashier, to enable him to discharge Sums not exceedirigFive hundred Pounds.

The Bills taken by the Bank are some of them in h daily Course of being discharged by the Receipt of the Aids and Duties upon the Credit of which they ere . issued, and the Account of them usually settled every Week with the Bank: and others of them are discharged in consequence of Acts of Parliament for that Purpose, in like Manner as the Public Bills are paid.

The Exchequer Bills, when discharged, are cancelled, and kept in the Office, until sent to the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest, where the Accounts are passed every Year.

The Paymasters, and all the Officers and Clerks, are paid by certain, annual Salaries, which have been the same ever since the Year 1736: The Three Paymasters have Eight hundred and Fifty Pounds a Year equally divided between them; the Comptroller has Three hundred and Fifty Pounds; the Accountant, One hundred and Fifty Pounds; the Cashier, Eighty Pounds; the First Clerk, Sixty Pounds; the Second Clerk, Fifty Pounds; the Housekeeper and Messenger, Forty Pounds, each: The Sum to pay these Salaries is craved annually of the Treasury by Two Memorials. One thousand Four hundred Pounds, Part of it, is paid out of the Duties arising from the Malt, and the Remainder out of some other Public Fund, by virtue of the Authority vested in the Commissioners of the Treasury by the several Acts of Parliament.

The Paymasters, out of their Salary of Eight hundred and Fifty Pounds, pay Sixty Pounds for the Land Tax, and Forty-two Pounds Ten Shillings for the One Shilling Duty, for themselves and their Clerks, which, reduce their Salaries to Seven hundred and Forty-seven Pounds Ten Shillings. The Comptroller's Salary of Three hundred and Fifty Pounds is reduced, by the Payment of Forty-one Pounds Ten Shillings for Taxes, to Three hundred and Eight Pounds Ten Shillings.

No Fees or Gratuities whatever are taken by any of the Officers or Clerks in this Office, except a Sum of Two Pounds Seven Shillings a Year, allowed to the Accountant, for making up his Annual Account. The contingent Expences of this Office for the Year 1780 (except what, as he believes, was furnished by the Ulher of the Exchequer) including the Fees for passing the Accounts, amounted to One hundred and Sixty-nine Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Seven Pence, and no more.

Nath1 Barwell.

Guy Carleton,

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Sam1 Beachcrqft,

Geo. Drummond.

A. 1782.

774

11* Februarii.

"Sixth Report of Commissioners of Public Accounts.

N* 65.

FEES and DISBURSEMENTS in the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills Office for One Year, ending

April 1781. *

For advertising the paying off the Supplies, A91779 ——

To Six extra Clerks, their Attendance on the above Business -

To Six Imprest Rolls ——

To the Auditor of the Imprest, his Fees for preparing the said Account -To Warrants, and Orders ——

To James Pilfold, Doorkeeper and Messenger, and for securing the Cash the said Year -

To Fees to be paid at the several Offices, for passing the said Account -

To the Office Keeper's Bill, for Turnery, tic. ——

646

24 15 —

24----

40----

40 8 6

40----

27 3 —

767

An ACCOUNT of Disbursements for Officers for the said Year, which the Paymasters found

necessary to employ, as let forth in their Petition.

To Mr. Will" Jones, as Accountant, for One Year's Salary, ending the 5th April 1781 £. 150 — — To Mr. Will" Cooke, for Ditto - - . - - - 80 —

To Mr. Francis Wannion, for Ditto - - 60 — - —

To Mr. Richard Ripley, for Ditto - - 50 — —

340 ——

549 *7 7

After our hearty Commendations: Having considered the aforegoing Memorial, we think it reasonable that the Accountants be allowed the Incidents and other Charges, whereof they crave an Allowance, which they have particularized in the said Memorial, and which amounts in the Whole to the Sum of Five hundred Forty-nine Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Seven Pence. These are therefore to authprize and direct you to give Allowances to the said Accountants, on the said Accounts, of the Sums paid by them, or to be paid, accordingly; taking Care, nevertheless, that Receipts be produced to vouch the Payments, of such of the Particulars for which Receipts, are usually given; for which this shall be your Warrant.

' Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, Westcofe, !

4th April 1781. ' R.Sutlonj

J.

To William Aijlabie, Esquire, and Lewis Lord Sondes, Auditors of His Majesty's Imprest, or either of them.

Exchequer Bill Office,

5th December 1781. Wm J‘ Cooke, Cashier.

o

t*

co

CO

\o

U

eg'

r-H

n'

0

CL

O"

a

0

c§

ft

N‘66;

An ACCOUNT of the Salaries, Fees, and Gratuities, received by each Officer and CTerkin the Office of the Paynuflers of Exchequer Bills, with the Deductions paid by, and the Nett Receipt of each, for the Year 1780; and the Total Expence of that Office to the Public in that Year.

N® 67.

An ACCOUNT of the Totals of the Gross and Nett Sums received in the several Offices of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, with the Deductions paid thereout, during the Year 1780; distinguishing the Sums paid by the Public from those paid out of the Civil List and by Individuals.

C5

m

OFFICES. NAMES. Salaries, Fees and Gratuities* Total of Salaries, Fees, and Gratuities* Paid by the Public. Payments for > Taxes. ett Receipt 1780. M

Paymasters - - Comptroller Accountant Cashier - Clerks - - -1 Housekeeper -Messenger Edmund Bott -George Rifzo -Nathaniel Barwell - John Thornton -William Jones -William Cook -F. Wannion - - Richard Ripley - Mrs. Appleby - - - -James Pilfold -Contingent Expences - 283 6 8 283 6 8 283 6 8 350 t5o 80 60 5o 40 40 2 7 — m 283 6 8 283 6 8 283 6 8 350 152 7 — 80 60 — — 50 40 40 283 6 8 283 6 8 283 6 8 35o 152 7 — 80 60 50 40 40 169 17 7 34 3 4 34 3 4 34 3 4 41 10 — \" ‘ ‘ V. m - 249 3 4 ' 249 3 4 249 3 4 308 10 — 152 7 — 80 60 50 40 4°

1,620 2 7 — 1,622 7 — 1,792 4 7 144 M?S 7 - ~o-:

OFFICES. Gross Sum received. I By whom paid. Deductions. Nett Sum received.

r By the Public* Out of the Civil List. By Individuals. f Payments for Taxes. Payments ta Clerks. > Payments for Contingencies

Auditor of the Receipt - - . Clerk of the Pells Tellers - Chamberlains - Ulher of the Receipt Paymasters of Exchequer Bills - Total jJ, 21,273 16 — 10,269 29 2» 4X>772 J4 5 2,043 4 6 5»fi37 J5 5i 1,622 7 — 13,708 12 1 5 >964 4 9 29>272 3 4 7 7 — 1,007 6 8$ 1,792 4 7 1,187 — 8 75* i 3? J ,024 9 — 758 IO 2 4,285 19 4 + m 6>378 3 3 3*553 13 2. 11,476 2 1 L277 7 4 244 9 5 999 5 — 446 15 11 1,702 6 8 95 4 5 480 — 5^ 144 50 i*677 >4 5* 25 343 M 8 279 9 6 254 1 5 *3 4 152 12 10 19,880 16 4 9*543 13 9*: 38,138 13 2ii 1,917 6 9 4,905 2 2 L478 7 —

82,519 16 6| 51,751 18 5! 8,008 — 5! 2^*929 l5 3 3*867 12 5* i*752 M 5l 1,035 10 4! 1 75*863 19 .

s

vn.;

a (r.

9 c o 3*

E crj \

S =: 5 o a*

o w? q

>s> s *

TJ6

II

FebrUarii

tA. 1782.

'"Sixth 'Report of Commissioners of Public Accounts.

'N* 68.

N* 76.

'This Examination of Mr. Cmopets One of the Clerks of the Bank; taken upon Oath, the 22(1 November 1781.

This Examinant faith. That he is a Clerk in the flank, and appointed by the Directors to attend the Exchequer; which he does every Day, Holidays excepted, at the Teller's Office, with Two more of the Bank Clerks, in order to take an Account of the Principal SumsYeceived into, and paid by, the Exchequer* When a Person brings a Sum to be paid into the Exchequer, after he has entered it in a Teller's Book; the Sum is either brought or sent to the Bank Clerk, from that 'feller's Office; it is usually in Bank Notes, and seldom in Calli; the Bank Clerk examines the Notes, keeps them, arid gives Credit for them to the Teller from whence they come.

Where the Person who is to pay in Money keeps Calli with the Bank, he directs the Chief Cashier to pay it into the Exchequer; the Cashier gives the same Directions to the Bank Clerk: When the Bank has received the Public Loans, the Cashier gives the like Directions; and the Bank Clerk, when he comes to the Exchequer, makes the Entry into the respective Tellers Book, and gives them Credit for these Sums.

Where Money is paid by the Exchequer, the Teller gives the Bank Clerk Directions to pay such a Sum to such a Person; the Bank Clerk pays it usually in Bank Note's, and debits that Teller for the Sum: Where the Person receiving keeps Calli at the Bank, the Bank Clerk generally carries it to his Account. AH the Receipts and Payments at the Exchequer, where the Bank is concerned, are transacted in this Manner, unless where the Sums are small, in which same the Tellers pay or receive themselves.

After One o‘Clock, the Bank Clerk agrees and settles the Accounts with the several Tellers, and either pays to or receives from each Teller the Balance; if a large Sum, in Exchequer Bills of One thousand Pounds each, and the Remainder in Calli; otherwise in Calli, in Bags, labelled with the Sum therein contained, and the Initials of the Name of the Bank Clerk who delivered it; where the Balance is under One hundred Pounds, it is paid or received in loose Calli. The Customs, Excise, Stamp Office, Poll Office, Salt Office, and several of the Receivers of the Land Tax, the Paymaster General of the Forces, the Treasurer of the Navy, and Treasurer of the Ordnance, all keep Calli with the Bank.

A. Cowpert

Guy Carleton,

T. AnguiOi,

A. Piggott,

Rich dNeave,

Sam^ Beachcro/t,

Geo. Drummond.

N° 69.

An ACCOUNT of the Sums upon which Poundage Fees were paid to the different Branches of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, during the Tear 1780, with the Amdunt of the said Fees.

OFFICES. Sums upon which Poundage Fees were paid. Amount of the Poundage Fees.

Auditors - -Clerk of the Pells Tellers - - - 7,972,84° 8,033,081 i5>996>T92 11 7 15*48 7 14 — 7.547 39,190 6 10

62,225 — 10

An ACCOUNT of the Total of the Emoluments accruing, to the iiteffe6live Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, during the Year 1780.

'OFFICES* Nett Emoluments. 1

Clerk of the Pells - - -Tellers -Second Clerks -Chamberlains - - -Tally Cutter - - - -Usher 7,597 12 27.93° 2 51 4,192 18 6* 970 12 6 441 10 4 4,200

Total - - £. 45,332 *5

N* 71 .

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

The Memorial of John Esquire, Acting

Executor of the Right honourable Lord

Holland, deceased, late Paymaster General of H is Majesty's Land Forces, in Behalf of his Lordship's Deputy, of himself as Cashier, the Accountant, Clerks, and under Officers, employed in drawing out and settling his Lordship's Accounts with the Auditors of the Impreli.

May it please your Lordships,

I have the Honour to acquaint your Lordships, That his late Majesty was moll graciously pleased to appoint the Right honourable Henry Lord Holland, deceased, to be Paymaster General of his Land Forces, On the 15th of July 1757; and that he continued iii that Employment to the 1 ith of June 1765, being very near Eight Years.

That ,the Accounts of the Receipts and Paymetits of Henry Lord Holland, deceased, are made up and laid before His Majesty's Auditors of the Imprest, and his Lordship's final Account is near being closed.

Wherefore, I tnuft beg Leave to observe to your Lordships, That the very great Augmentation of the Army during the last War, and the extensive Operations thereof in all Parts of the World, naturally made the Accounts of the late Henry Lord Holland more intricate and voluminous than the Accounts of any of his Predecessors were; yet, by the Diligence and Attention of the Persons employed therein, the Accounts of his Lordship, amounting to the Sum of £.45,907,697. i6j. 4 were made up without any Expence to the Public for additional Assistance or Allowance.

In Consideration whgreof, and that Allowances have always been pnade to the Deputy, Cashier, Accountant; Clerks, and under Officers employed in this Business, I most humbly pray Your Lordships to move His Majesty for a Warrant, to authorize the Right honourable Lord Sondes, One of the Auditors of the Imprest, to pass and allow, on the final Account of Henry Lord

Holland, deceased, late Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, the Sums mentioned in the annexed Particulars, being for Pay or Allowances of the Officers, whose Names are therein set down, and likewise for the incidental Charges and Expences attending the fame, and for Allowances paid, and to be paid, for passing the Accounts through the several Offices.

Which is most humbly fubtnitted to your Lordships*

Pay-Office, Horse Guards,

15th May 1781.

24th January 1783.

PorceU.

(A true Copy.)

Phil. Deare, Depy, Aud*.

2 3 GEO; III*

I I

° Febru&rit,

«K* 72.

PAY and ALLOWANCES to the Deputy Paymaster General, Cashier, Accountant Genera), Clerks, and under Officers, together with the incidental Charges.and Expences attending the making up the Accounts of the Right honourable Henry Lord Holland, deceased, late Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces.

Sixth Repotf of Cornmif-(ioners of Public Ac* fcouaty

Deputy Paymaster General -Cashier -

Accountant General -

Ledger Keeper - -

Assistant D* -

Computer of Off-reckonings Cashier of Half Pay Accountant General's Clerk -

First Clerk - -

Seven Under Clerks - -

Office-keeper -

House-keeper - -

Messenger -Dnder Ditto -

Deputy Treasuret of Hospital

- Honkle Charles Hamilton -

- John Powell, Esquire

- Charles Bembridge Esquire - ,

- John AdamFrederick Hejfe, Esquire

- Peter Burrell, Esquire

- Thomas Bangham, Esquire -

- Robert Ran doU, Esquire - -

- Mr, John Cplborne -

- Richard Mole/worth, Esquire *

- Mr. Peter Burrell -

- Mrs; Martha Seymour

- William To-

- James Barker -

* Honble Fred. Vane >

Accounts through the several Offices

24th January 1782. (A true Copy.)

Phil. Deare, Dep. Audr,

£‘ d.

- 1,060 — —

- 2,650

- 2,650 — —

35°

350

700 — —

700 — —

- yoo — - —

- 500

300

1,450

m loo r —

- 10«j

- IOO —

* 70

3OO

£ 11,320

the

3,665 10 6

£ 14,985 10 6

N9 73i

&£6R&E R.

Whereas, upon taking into bur Royal Consideration ihe annexed Memorial of Our trusty and well-beloved John Powell, Esquire, Acting Executor of Henry Lord Holland, defceal'ed, late Paymaster General Of our

?orces, laid before Us by thfe Commissioners of Our reafury; Wfe ate pleased to condescend and agree, that the Sum of £. 14,985. ior. 6d. be allowed to the Rep refen tatives of the said Lord Holland, in his Accounts, to satisfy the several Allowances and iiicideot Charges and ExpenCes attending the making up. his Accounts as Paymaster General, and which are particularly specified in the Bill annexed to the said Memorial: Our Will and Pleasure therefore is, and We do hereby direct, authorize, and command, that you do give Allowance to the Representatives of the said Lord Holland, upon all his said Accounts, or upon some or one of them, of the said Sum of Fourteen thousaild Nine hundred Eighty-five Pounds Ten Shillings and Six Pence, or of such several Sums as together shall amount to the said Sum of £. 14,985. ior. 6rf. proper Acquittances, and other authentic Vouchers, being produced to you of the Payments having been made by the said Lord Hollans Representatives, according to the Articles of the said Bill: And this shall be, as well to you, as to all others concerned in passing the said Accounts, for making the said Allowances accordingly, a sufficient Warrant. Given at Our Court at Saint James's, jthis First Day of September 1781, ij^ the Twenty-first Year of Our Reign.

By His Majesty's Command,

North,

' P aimerfion$

J. Bullet,

To Our right truiiy and well-beloved Lewis Lord Sondes, and John Lord Viscount Mountftuart, Auditors of

Our Imprefts.

24th January 1782.

A true Copy,

Phil, Deare, Dep* And*

Lord Holland?s Allowances in his final Account as Paymaster General.

Vol. 38,

778 Ji* Februarii. 1782.

N* 74.

ACC O UNT of the Totals of the Sums received by the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, for the Half Year ending the 25th of December 1768, arid of the Totals of the Sums received by him every Year from that Time to the 25th of December 1780 j distinguishing the Sums received by him out of the Exchequer and Treasury of Ireland, from the Sums received by him from other Persons in each Period. Prepared pursuant to a Precept from the Commissioners of Accounts, dated the 22d June 1781.

For what Time.' Total received at the Exchequer, and from the Treasury of Ireland. Total received from different Persons. Total received.

Half Year fending the 25th of December - 1768 8*9>3 53 16 6 829,353 t6 6

Yew - - *769 1,389,461 2 5 97,00 4 1,480,462 6 5

1770 1,660,035 7 11 67.35° *9 2 1,727,386 7 1

1771 *>675>378 *3 4 2.587 1 3 1,677,965 *4 7

1772 *>534.937 *9 1 37,000 — *,57*»937 *9 t

*773 M7*»354 9 1 833 '3 7 1,472,188 2 8

1774 1,648,485 8 6 1,672 18 4 1,650,158 6 10'

1775 2>379>730 18 8 2,379,73° 18 8

*776 4»573>6o7 — — m 4,573,67 — —

1777 4.673.915 *4 2 2,399 11 3 4.676,3*5 5 5

1778 6.336,037 10 7 - 6,336,037 10 7

*779 7,124,070 *7 10 53* 2 — 7, i 24,601 *9 10

1780 7.742.383 12 3 5,781 4 8 7,748,164 16 it

Piy Office, Horse Guards* Jn° Poivell,

gd July 1781.

Sixth steport ot Commit-fi oners of.

Publie Accounts.

Hindon

hleiftion.

N-75-

To the Commissioners appointed by Afet of Parliament

-to examine the Public Accounts of this kingdom.

Gerftleiflen,

In pursuance Of your Retjuifition to his Grace the Duke of Neu'castle, Auditor of the Exchequer, That

the proper Officer do forthwith transmit to the said Commissioners, at their Office iti Surry Street, an Account of the Total Sum issued to the Treasurer of the NaVv, from the 30th of September 178010 the 31st of December 1781; and an Account of the Total Sum issued to the Paymaster General of the Forces, from the 25th of December 17*80 to the 25th of December I aft;

In Obedience to fufeh Requisition, on examining the Books I find, That the Total Sum issued to the Right honourable IVclbore Ellis, Treasurer of the Navy, from the 30th of September 1780 to the 31st of 1781, amounts to the Sum of Teh Millions Six hundred Forty-seven thousand One hundred Eighty-eight rounds Grte'Shilling and Three Pence Halfpenny.

And that the Total Sum issued to Rigby,

Esquire, Paymaster General of the Forces, from the 25th of December 1780 to (ihe amounts to the Sum of Eight Millions Otie hundred Twenty-one thousand Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Two Pence Farthing.

Exchequer, the 24 th Day of

January 1782. John Hughjon.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

the Housewas moved, That the Order made upon the 21 ft Day o [ Januarylalt, for taking into Considera-

tion, upon Tuesday the jqth Day of this Instant February, the Petition of John Saunders, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, might be read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed, that Mr. Saunders was desirous to withdraw his said Petition;

And One of the Sitting Members, in his Place, having acquainted the House, That he consented for himself, and had Authority from the other Sitting Member to Consent, to the withdrawing of the said Petition;

Ordered, That the said Order for taking the said Petition into Consideration, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said John Saunders, Esquire, have Leave to withdraw his said Petition.

Ordered, That General Phave Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, on his private Affairs.

A Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending several Roads leading from the Borough of Truro, in the County of to

the Roads leading from Shortlanes End, in the Parish of Kenzvyn, to Callejlock Burrow, and from The Tzvo Burrows in the said Parish, to P err an Alms and from

The Three Burrows in the said Parish, to Saint

House, in the said County; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Roje-zvarne, Mr. Toicnjhend, See.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Earl of Lisburne, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,.

An Account of the Number of Ships of the Line launched between the ift of January 1756 and the ift of Januaty 1782; distinguishing the Number launched

in each Year, the Rates, and the Places where built.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session,

Mr.

Leitt of Abicctt,

Truro

Roads.

Account

Ship*

lauudair

rrcriham. c. Road.

-all of the House*

Lompleting the Militia.

Leave of Absence.

apers rejecting Mr tary Affairs a America.

22 Geo. III. 11* Februarii.

119

Mr. Filmer Honywood presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from The High Pojt Road near the Town of Faversham, by Bacon's Water, through Ashford, to the Town and Port of Hythe, in the County of Kentand from Bacon's Water to a certain Lane called Holy Lane, in Winckeap, near the City of Canterbury: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day for the Call of the House being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That this House becalled over upon this Day Fortnight, the 25th Day of this Inllant February;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { } 46.

Tellers for the Noes, \ "j; ^thread: } 53-

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motiou was made, and the Question was proposed. That the Order of the Day for the Call of the House be discharged;

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That this House be called over upon Thursday Seven-night, the 21st of this Instant;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes|

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for keeping the Militia Forces of this Kingdom complete, during the Time therein to be mentidhed: And, that JMr. Secretary at War, and the Lcgd. Beauchamp do prepare, and bring inj-the fame. ' *

Ordered, That Si^ Mobei-t SattiJburyXTotton have Leave to go into the Coudtry for Thrde Week's, on ftrsprivate Affairs.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty; .

N° 1. Extract dfa Letter from Sir William' Howe to Lord George Germain; dated Philadelphia, 20th November 1777. Received 7th January.1 77$: Annalfo,

N° 2. Extra# of a Letter from^Dltto to Dilfb, 'dated Philadelphia, 17th' Jdmdjy RBd6i^^ 14th

March: And also,

N° 3. Extract ofa Letter ffotn Dittoto'Distb, 4ated Philadelphia, 5th "Match 1778. ReCeivedk26lth April: And also, \ ' J 1 "

N° 4. Extract-of a Letter from Ditto to DFtto, dated Philadelphia, 5th March 1778. Received 26th April; inclosing,

N° 5. Extra# of a Letter from General

to Sir William Howe, dated Head Quarters, January 8th, 1778: And also,

N° 6. Extra# of a Letter from Sir William Howe to I.ord George Germain, dated Ph24th March 1778. Received 7th May; inclosing,

N° 7. Copy of a Letter from Sir William Hence to Lieutenant General Burgoyne, dated Philadelphia, SthNmwnber 1777.

N° 8. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Philadelphia, 14th November 1777'.

N° 9. Extra# of a Letter from Lieutenant General Vot. 38,

Burgoune to Sir William. Howe, dated Cambridge,

26th November 1777. w./f. „

N° 10. Extra# of a I setter from Sir William Howe in Amenta, to Lieutenant General Burgoyne, dated Philadelphia, 19th December 1777.

N° 11. Copy ofa Letter from Lieutenant General Burgoyne to Major General Pigot, dated Cambridge, 4th January 1778.

N° 12. Meftage from Lieutenant General Burgoyne to Major General Pigot.

N° 13. Copy of a Letter from Sir William Howe to General Washington, dated Philadelphia, 19th

January 1778.

N° 14. Extra# ofa Letter from Mr. Boudinot to Mr. Hugh Ferguson, dated January 10th 1778.

N° 15. Extra# ofa Letter from General WaJhing-. ton to Sir William Howe, dated 30th January 1778.

N° 16. Resolutions of Congress 19th December4 1777, and nit January 1778.

N° 17. Copy of a letter from Sir William Howe to General Washington, dated Philadelphia, 5th February 1778.

N° 18. Copy of a Letter from Major General Heath to Lieutenant General , dated

Bojton,3d January 1778. i N° 19. Copy of a Letter from General Washington to General Howe, dated Head , iotli

February 1778.

N® 20. Copy of a Letter from Sir William Howe to Lieutenant General Burgoyne, dated < ladelphia, 5th February 1778.

N° iv.Copy of U Letter from Sir William Howe

to General Washington, dated Philadelphia 14th February 1778.

N® 22. Extra# of a Letter froth Sir William Howe to General Washington, dated Philadelphia, 2 ill February 1778.

N® 23. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Philadelphia, 2d March 1778.

N° 1 4.'Copy of Power given to Colonels Charles O'Hara, Humpltry Stephens, and Captain -Richard Fitapatrick, dated Head,

Philadelphia, 5th March 1778. ' 1

N° 25. Copy of a Letter from General Washington ' > to Sir William Howe, dated Head,

9th Match 1778.

N® 26. Copy of a Letter from Sir William Howe ' ' - to General Washington, dated Philadelphia, lOtih'MarchijyS.

N* 2 7. Copy of a Let ter from General Washington to Sir William Howe, dated March 12th 1778.

‘r. N® 28. Copy of a Letter from Sir Wiltidm Howe !' to General Washington, dated Pk&edclpkiafa 5th March 1778. '' (1

N* 29. Copy of a- Letter1 from Mfijfcr General: Hedth to Lieutenant General Burgoyne', dated

:"-v ' Boston,3d January 1778.;

: N® 30. Copy of a Letter from' LieutOnant General Burgoyne to Major General Heal/i, dated bridge, 4th January 1778.

N° 3 i. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Cambridge, 5th January 177$.

N° 32. Copy of a Letter froth Major General . Heath to Lieutenant GenttsA Burgbyrie, dated*

Boston, 5th January 1778. 1

' N* 33. Copy of a Letter frOor Ditto to Ditto, dated Boston;6th January 1778'.

N® 34. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant General*

Burgoyne to Henry Laurens, Esqulrte, Presiddnt oftlieCongress, dated Cambridge, 1 ith Febhtary 1778. -

N® 35. Report of Lieutenant Noble, a#iftg Aid de Camp t6 ftlajor Getieral Phillips.

N® 36. Conversition between Major Geperfel and Lieutenant Colonel K-itigfion.

9N N®37«

780

II

Februarii.

A 1782.

P»p«s re- N* 37. Extract of a Letter from Major General

Uu 'Affairs Heath to Lieutenant General Burgoyne, dated

in America. Head Quarters21st January 1778.

N* 38. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant General Burgoyne to Majdr General dated Cam-

bridge, 24th January 1778.

N® 30. Remonstrance of the Officers of the British Army.

N® 40. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant General Burgoyne to Henry Laurens, Esquire, dated Cambridge, nth February 1778.

N° 41. Names and Rank of Officers for whom Passports are requelled.

N® 42. Resolution of Congress, 8th, 1778:

And also,

N® 43. Extract of a Letter from Sir William Hozce tp Lord George Germain, dated Philadelphia, 26th March 1778. Received 7th May: And also,

N° 44. Extract of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Philadelphia, 19th April 1778. Received ill June-, inclosing,

N* 45. Copy of a Letter from Sir William Howe to General Washington, dated Philadelphia, 2d March 1778.

N" 46. Copy of Powers given to Colonels O'Hara, Humphry Stephens, and Captain Fitzpa-

trick, dated Head Quarters, Philadelphia, 5 th March 1778.

N* 47. Copy of a Letter from General Washington to Sir William Howe, dated Head Quarters, March 9th, 1778.

N® 48. Copy of a Letter from Sir William to

General Washington, dated Philadelphia, 10th March 1778.

N® 49. Copy of a Letter from General Washington to Sir William Howe, dated Head 12th

Matxh 1778.

N® 50. Copy of a Letter from Sir William Howe to General Washington, dated Philadelphia, 15th March 1778.

N® 51. Copy, of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Philadelphia, 27th March 1778.

N® 52. Copy of a Letter from General Washing-ion to Sir William Howe, dated Head Quarters, 4th April 1778.

N° 53. Copy of a Letter from Sir William to General Washington, dated Philadelphia, 2d April ij-jZ.

N® 54. Copy of a Letter from General Washington to Colonel William Lieutenant Colonels Harrison and Hamilton, and Elias Boudinot, Esquire, Commissary General of Prisoners, dated Head Quarters, Valley Forge, 28th March 1778.

N* 55. Copy of Report of the Commissioners Colonels Charles O'/fara and and Captain

Fitzpatrick, dated Nero Town, 11th April 1778. i N® 56. Copy of Objections by the Commissioners on the Part of General Wa/hington, to treat with those appointed by Sir William Howe, dated New Town, 1 oth April 1778.

N® 57. Copy of Answer to Ditto, by Colonels Charles O'Hara, Me. fated New Town, nth April 1778: And also,

N® 58. Extract of a Letter from Lord George Germain to Sir Henry Clinton, dated Whitehall, 12th June, 78: And also,

1® 59. Extract of a Letter from Sir Henry Clinton to Lord George Germain, dated New York, the 15th September 1778: Received 25th October: And also,

N® 60. Extract of a Letter from Lord George Germain to Sir Henry Clinton, dated Whitehall, 4th November 1778: And also,

N® 61. Copy of a Letter from Sir Henry Clinton to Lord George Germain, dated New York, ad Ofleber 1778. Received 27th November-,inclosing, N® 62. Copy of a Letter from Sir Henry Clinton to

15

X

Mr, Laurens, President, and others, the Members of the American Congress at Philadelphia, dated New York, 19th September 1778.

N® 63. Copy of a Letter from Charles Thomson, Secretary to the Congress, to Sir Henry,

dated Philadelphia, 28th September 1778: And also,

N® 64. Extract of a Letter from Lord to Sir Henry Clinton, dated W, 3d March 1779: And also,

N° 63. ExtraCb of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Whitehall, ift April 1779: And also,

N® 66. Copy of a Letter from Sir Henry Clinton to Lord George Germain, dated Ne York, 2d April 1779. Received 26th; inclosing,

N® 67. Copy of a Letter from GerVeral Washington to Sir Henry Clinton, dated Head Quarters, Middlebrook, 14th March 1779 N® 68. Copy of a Letter from Sir Henry CliiHon to General Washington, dated New York, 31st March 1779: And also,

N® 69. Extract of a Letter from Lord George Germain to Sir Henry Clinton, dated Whitehall, 5th May 1779: And also,

N® 70. Extract of a Letter from Sir Henry Clinton to Lord George Germain, dated New York, 18th April 1779. Received 3d June: And also,

N® 71. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Neio York,4th May 1779. Received xoth June: And

also,

N® 72. Extract of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated New York, 1 ith May 1779. Received 22d June inclosing,

N® 73. Copy of a Letter from General Washington to Sir Henry Clinton, dated Head Quarters, Middlebrook, 14th March 1779.

N® 74. Copy of a Letter from Sir Henry Clinton to General Washington, dated Head Quarters, Nrw York, 31 March 1779,

N® 75. Powers given to the Commissioners Colonel Hyde and Captain Andre, 8th April 1779.

N® 76. Inliructions to Colonel Hyde and Captain Andrt, &th April 1779. c b 77* Copy of a Letter from Colonel Hyde and ‘ Captain Andre. to Sir Henry Clinton, dated Amboy, 14th April 1779.

N® 7.8. Copy of a Letter from. Colonel Hyde and , Captain Andre to Sir; Henry\CliHton, dated Amboy, 16th April 1779.

N® 79. Copy of a Letter from Sir Henry Clinton to Colonel Hyde and Captain Andri, dated New York, 17th April 1779 N® 80. Copy of a Letter from Colonel Hyde and Captain Andre to Sir Henry Clinton, dated: Amboy, 1.7th April 1779.

N® 81. Copy of a Letter from Sir Henry Clinton , to Colonel Hyde and Captain Jbidrc, dated New, York, 18 th April 1779.

N® flz. Copy of Report of Colonel Hyde and Cap-, tain Andre to Sir Henry Clinton.

N® 83. Sketch of a Cartel shewn to Colonels Davis and Harrison, and referred to in Report.

N®84* Copy of Proportion of Men for Officers of different Ranks in the Sketch of Cartel.

N® 85. Definitive Proposals to Colonels Davis and Harrison, Commissioners on the Part of General Washington.

N® 86. Copy of a Letter from Colonel Hyde and Captain Andre to Colonels Davis and Harrison, dated 22d April 1779.

N* 87. Copy of a Letter from Colonels Davis and Harrison to Colonel Hyde and Captain Andri, dated Amboy, 22d April 1779.

N® 88. General Washington's Powers to Colonels Davis and Harrison, dated Middlebrook, 10th April 1779: And also,

N® 8 0.

12 Geo. III. 110 Februarii. . 781

N® 89. Extra# of a Letter from Lord George Germain to Sir Henry Clinton, dated 25th June

1779: And also,

N® 90. Extra# of a Letter from Sir Henry Clinton to Lord George Germain, dated Head , James

Island, South Carolina, 9th March 1780. Received 26th April: And also,

N® 91. Copy of a Letter from Major General Phillips to Lord George Germain, dated New York, 1 It March 1780. Received 29th April: And also,

N® 92. Extra# of a Letter from Major General Phillips to Lord George Germain, dated New York, 25th March 1780. Received 28th A/mil: And also, .

N® 93. Extra# of a Letter from Major General Phillips to Lord George Germain, dated Nezo York, 25th March 1780. Received 27th April-, inclosing,

N® 94. Copy of a Letter from General Washington, to Major General Phillips, fated. 30th September 1779

N® 95. Copy of a Letter from Major General Phillips to General Washington, fat fa Bethlehem, 26th October 1779.

N® 96. Extra# of a Letter from Major General Phillips to Brigadier General Specht, dated Amboy, 16th March 1780.

N® 97. Copy of the Propofuls concerted between Major General Phillips and Colonels Magazo and Mattheios, and Lieutenant Colonels Ram-fay and Ely: And also,

N® 98. Extra# of a Letter from Lord George Germain to Sir Henry Clinton, dated Whitehall, 3d May 1780: And also,

N® 99. Copy of a Letter from Sir Henry Clinton to Lord George Germain, dated Charles Town, 13th May 1780. Received 15th June-, inclosing,

N® 100. Copy of a Letter from General Washington to Major General Phillips, dated Head . ters, West Point, 30th September 1779.

N® 101. Copy of a Letter from Major General Phillips to General Washington, dated Bethlehem, 26th October 1779.

N® 102. Copy of Powers to Major General Phillips send Lieutenant Colonels Gordon and Norton, 25th December 1779.

N® 103. Copy of Powers to Major General St. Clair and Lieutenant Colonels Carrington and Hamilton, 7th March i^o.

N° 104. Copy of Minutes of Proceedings of the Commissioners on the Part of Sir Henry Clinton and that of General Washington, closed at Amboy, 14th March 1780. '

N* 105. Copy ofaProposition made by the British Commissioners, 18th March 1780.

' N® 106. Copy of the American Commissioners Answer on the Subje# of the Proposition, 19th March 1780'.

N® 107. Proposed Plan for the Exchange of the First Division of the Troops of Convention, Amboy, 21st March 1780.

N® 108. Copy of a Letter from Major General Phillips to Sir Henry Clinton, dated New York, 30th March 1780.

N® 109. Proposed Plan for the Exchange of the Second Division of the Troops of Convention, Amboy, 21st March 1780: And also,

' N® 110. Extra# of a Letter from Major General Phillips to Lord George Germain, dated upon

Long Island, 4th July 1780. Received 25th August r inclosing,

N® hi. Copy of a Letter from Brigadier General Hamilton to Major General , dated 30th

March 1780.

N® 112. Copy of a Letter from J. W. Specht to Major General Phillips, dated Virginia, 12th April 1780: And also,

N* 113. Extra# of a Letter from Major General De

VOL. 38.

Riedefel, to Lord George Germain, dated Nezo York, Pipers te-GtUJuly 1780. Received 25th August:And also, iiu?y Affair*

N® 114. Extra# of a Letter from Major General in America. Phillips to Lord George Germain, dated York, 15th August, 1780. Received 25th September: And also,

N® 115. Extra# of a Letter from Sir Henry Clinton to Lord George Germain, dated Nezo York, 28th August 1780. Received 14th October: And also,

N® 116. Extra# of a Letter from Lord George Germain to Sir Henry Clinton, dated Whitehall, 9th November 1780: And also,

N" 117. Copy of aLetter from Major General Phillips to Lord George Germain, dated Nezo York, 1 tth September 1780. Received 13th November: And also,

N" 118. Extra# of a Letter from Major General Phillips to Lord George Germain, dated New York, 27 th September 1780. Received 13th November-, inclosing,

N® 119. Major Skinner's Proposal of Exchange to M r. Comm iflary General Loring, 21 ft September

1780.

N® 120. Mr. Commissary s Answer to

Major Skinner's Proposal, September 22d 1780.

N® 121. Copy of a Letter from Major General Phillips to General Washington, dated September 23d 1780.

N° 122. Sketch of the Strength of the Troops of Convention a#ually in Virginia, taken from the Returns from thence of the ift of August 1780:

And also,

N® 123. Extra# of a Letter from Major General Philtips to Lord George Germain, dated Nezo York 31st October 1780. Received 30th Nove inclosing,

N® 124. Certificate of Major General Phillips's Exchange from the American Commissary General of Prisoners, Nezo York, 25th October 1780.

N* 125. Certificate of Major General De Exchange from Ditto, 25th October 1780.

N® 126. Copy of a Letter from Sir Henry Clinton to Major General Phillips, New York, 27 th October 1780: And also,

N® 127. Extra# of a Letter from Major General Phillips to Lord George Germain, dated Nezo York 20th December 1780. Received3.1st January 1781 jin* closing,

N® 128. Extra# of a Letter from Sir Henry Clinton . to General Washington, dated New York, 4th November 1780.

N® 129. Propositions by Major General Phillips,

November4th 1780.

N® r3o. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Loring, British Commissary for Prisoners, to Mr. Skinner, American Commissary General for Prisoners, dated November 4th 1780.

N® 131. Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Skinner to Mr. Loring, dated November 7th 1780. *

N* 132. Copy of a Letter from General Washington to Major General Phillips, dated 9th November 1780.

N® 133. Extra# of a Letter from General Washington to Sir Henry Clinton, dated 20th November 1780.

N® 134. Extra# of a Letter from Sir Henry Clinton to General Washington, dated 29th November 1780.

N® 135. Copy of a Letter from Major General Phillips to Brigadier General Irvine, Colonels Mathews and Ely,-American Prisoners of War, dated New York, 30th November 1780: -

K® 136. Extra6't of a Letter from General Washington to Sir Henry Clinton, dated December 9th,

1780: And also,

N® 137. Copy of a Letter from Sir Henry Clinton to Lord George Germain, dated New York, 24th January 1781. Received 2olh Februaryj inclosing,

N° 138. Lift of British and German Officers, Pri-

foueis

782

Papers re- foners with the Americans, exchanged since 25th

spefting Mi- October 1780: And also,

in America^8 ]39* Copy of a Letter from Sir Henry Clinton to

Lord George (Germain, dated NexoYork, 29th January 1781. Received 5th March-, inclosing,

N° 140. Copy of a letter from Sir Henry Clinton to General Washington, dated 4th November 1780.

N® 141. Copy of a Letter from General WaJ!ting-ton to Sir Henry Clinton, dated Head Quarters, November 20th, 1780.

N° 142. Copy of a Letter from Sir Henry Clinton to General Washington, dated New Fork, November 29th, 1780.

N° 143. Copy of a Letter from General Washing-ion to Sir Henry Clinton, dated 9th December 1780: And also,

N# 144. Copy of a Letter from Major General Phillips to Lord George Germain, dated Neto York, 24th January 1781. Received 20th February; inclosing,

N° 145. Copy of a Letter from Major General Phillips to General Washington, dated New York, December 23d 1780.

N* 146. Extract of a Letter from General Washington to Major General Phillips, dated Head Quarters, Jvew Windsor, 8th January 1781: And also,

N® 147. Copy of a Letter from Major General Phillips to Lord George Germain, dated Afax? For/', 20th February 1781. Received 27th April-, inclosing,

N° 148. Extract of a Letter from General Washington to Sir Henry Clinton, dated January 25th 1781: And also,

N® 149. Extract of a Letter from Major General De lliedejel to Lord George Germain, dated Brooklyn, 10th May 1781. Received 23d June; inclosing,

N° 150. Extract from several Orders of the 5th April 1781: And also,

A. 1782.

N® 151. Extract of a Letter from Sir Henry Clinton to Lord George Germain, dated New York, 25th July 1781. Received 7th September; inclosing,

N* 152. Copy of the Articles of a Cartel for the Exchange of Prisoners of War taken in* the Southern Department: And also,

N° 1^3. Copy of a Letter from Sir Henry Clinton to Lord George Germain, dated New York, 15th October

1781. Received 17th November; inclosing,

N° 154. An Exchange of British and German Officers of the Troops of Convention and Prisoners of War, against and for a Number of American Officers, Rank for Rank, and by Composition, Staten IJtand, 3d September 1781.

N® 155. Copy of a Propoful made to Major Skinner; American Commissary General for Prisoners, for the Exchange of Lieutenant General Burgoyne,

3d September 1781; And also,

N® 156. Extract of a Letter from Lord George Germain to Sir Henry Clinton, dated Whitehall, 2d January

1782.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Air. Ord reported from the Committee, who were ap- Mil'afy pointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay aadCJotfc* and Clothing of the Militia for the Year 1782; That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio wet h; viz

;tu

11° Februarii.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 1782.

'k . J .: ' u.

Pay to 30,840 private Alen, at is. each, 28 Days ——

D° to 70 Adjutants, at 6s. a Day each - -- - - - -k

D° to 1,542 Serjeants, at is. a Day each ——

D°to 1,200 Drummers, at 6d. a Day each ——

For additional Pay to 30,840 private Men, for going to the Place of Exercise and returning,

calculated upon an Average of Four Days Pay each Alan....

Additional Pay to 70 Serjeant Majors, at 2s. 6d. a Week each -D° - to 70 Drum Majors, at 6d. a Day each -

D® - - to 1,542 Corporals, at 6d. a Day each, 28 Days -

Salaries for 70 Battalion Clerks, at £. 50 a Year each ——

Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivision Aleetings, computed at -D° - - to each Regiment, Battalion, and Independent Company, for contingent Expences, at the Rate of 6d. per Month for each Private Alan and Drummer -

Clothing for 30,840 Private Men, at£. 1. io$. each ——

D® - for 1,542 Serjeants, at £. 3. io$. each ——

D® - for 1,200 Drummers, at £. i. each....

For additional Pay for Clothing 54 Serjeant Majors and 54 Drum Alajors, at £. 1 each Subsistenceto 498 Captains, at 7s. 6d. each per Day, for 28 Days ——

D® - - to 361 Lieutenants, including Two Lieutenants to Grenadier Companies, at

2$. 6 d. each, for 28 Days ——

D* - - to 433 Ensigns, at 34* each, for 28 Days....

L

L

43,17°

7>665

28,141

10,950

s.

10

6,168 — —

455 ——

63815 — -1,079 8 —

3,500 — 4,000 —

10,023 — 46,260 — —

5*397 ——

2,400 — —

108 — —

5,229 ——

2,748 it — 1*827 ——

179,766 li —

Ordered,

32 Geo. III. ii° — ia*

Ordered, That the salt! Repott do lie upon the

Table.

▼e of Ordered, That Mr. Bullock have Leave to go into the fence. Country for Three Weeks, on his private Affairs;

Ditto. Ordered, That Mr. Lygon have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, on his private Adairs.

ition from A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and In-itolagainlt habitants of the City of was presented to the

Was. House, and read; Setting forth. That your Petitioners are compelled, by the dangerous Situation to which this Kingdom is reduced, by the imprudent Administration of Public Affairs, to apply to this honourable House for a Remedy of those Evils, which they not only apprehend, but so sensibly feel in common with the other Branches of the British Empire: The rapid Decline of our Manufactures, and the Annihilation of a very large Proportion of our Commerce (manifested by a Diminution of more than One Half of the Arrivals of Vessels to this Port) afford your Petitioners just Reason to dread, that if a Conduct similar to that which brought on these Misfortunes be ftiil pursued, the small Portion of Trade which is now left them, will not long be retainer!: Deeply interested as your Petitioners are in the Welfare and Safety of those His Majesty's Colonies which ftiil continue to be Members of the British Dominions, they tremble for the dangerous Situation in which such Colonies now Hand, as in their Separation from His Majesty's Government, would be involved the total Ruin of the only important Branch of Commerce now remaining to your Petitioners: In this debilitated State, pressed by the accumulated Weight of the public Expence, they cannot avoid anticipating the additional Burthens which a Continuation of the present fatal and ruinous Syftero must unavoidably bring upon them: Your Petitioners, therefore, humbly requestthishonourable House will adopt such Measures as its Wisdom may suggest, for enabling His Majesty to put an End to the unnatural, unfortunate, and expensive War in America, and for producing a radical Alteration in the Management of public Affairs, by which alone the Evils impending over us, and our Posterity, can be averted.

Ordered, Tliatthe said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Vote of Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given Thanks to to the Reverend DoGtov DPrebendary of the

Dr.Dampier. Cathedral Church of Durham, for the Sermon by him preached upon Friday last, before this House, at Saint Margaret's Westminster; and that he be desired to print the fame: And that the Lord North and Mr. Frederick Montagu do acquaint him therewith.

Stiff Canal. Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the

Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Land Owners, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, in the Counties of Warwick, Leicester, and Derby, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Repairing of The House was moved, That the Petition of the Kcwgaie. Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of Dondon, in Common Council assembled, which was presented to the House upon Thursday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And a Motion being made. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Yot. 38.

Februafii. 783

Consideration of a Chmffiittee: And ihat they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, -as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Newnham, Mr.

Alderman Sawbridgei &c,: And they are to meet

Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Weymouth the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ* the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wet/mouthand in the County of Dorset, in the room of the Right honourable Welbore Ellis, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Bejolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Supply,

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Ways

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mean*. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 12* dieFebruarii;

Anno 22* Georgii IIP" Regis, 178a.

Pray bus.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration jjoniton the Petition of Alexander Macleod, Esquire; and Election, also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants of the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Anns was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Seven Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glafies, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Fifteen Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of William Adam, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioners, and his Name was set aside.

g O And

784 Februarii. 1782.

And the Names of Four other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of William Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Thirty other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Thirteen other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House; One, on account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which he had before verified upon Oath; Five, on account of their then serving on Select Committees; and Seven, on account of their having already, in this Session of Parliament, served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being / complete, Lists of the said Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Bawtry, Sec. Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Ro*i. whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending and widening the Road from Bawtry to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the South Side of,

in the County of York, where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham to Manchester, and of several of the Creditors upon the Tolls by the said Act granted, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April .1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Joseph Morris informed your Committee, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed the Sum of 3,400 upon the Credit thereof, which has been applied in amending the Road from Bawtry to and through Part of the Town of Tinjley to the Place where the same joins the Road leading from Rotherham to Sheffield-, that the Mom* so borrowed, together with the Interest thereon, dill remains due, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Road kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act fee Furtlier continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged, so far as relates to t he Road above described.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending and widening the Road from Bawtry to Sheffield, and from " Sheffield to the South Side of Wortley, in the Comity " of York, where it joins the Turnpike Road leading " from Rotherham to ," so far as the fame

relates to the Road leading from Bawtry aforesaid to Tivjlej/, and through Part of the Town of Tinjley to the Place where the same joins the Road leading from Rotherham to S/uffield: Ami that Sir George Mr. Buncombe, the Lord Gahoay, and Mr. Melliffi, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Reading Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for

iS

the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, in the room of John Dodd, Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom LinfWit the Petition of several Owners«f Estates and Inhabitants 8ueea-within the Parish of Saint Anne, , in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee

had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk'sTable:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Robert Bat [on, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Streets,

Ways, and Places within the said Parish, called or known by the Names of Three Colt Street, Limehouse Corner, and from thence to the Lime Kiln, and also the Fore Street and Narrow Street leading from -house Corner to the Horse Ferry, the Places called The Ruins and Ropemakers Fields, and the several other

Streets and Ways within the said Parish, are very much out of Repair, and rendered very incommodious by various Annoyances, which if removed, and the said Streets and Ways were properly paved, it would be very beneficial to all Persons residing in, or resorting the reto:

The Witness further said. That it would be of great Convenience if Power was granted to open and establish a sufficient Carriage Way from Queen Street, in the Hamlet of Ralcliffe, into Rifbys Rope Ground, and through Shoulder of Mutton Alley into the Fore Sheet, and to continue the same through Ropemakers Fields to Three Colt Street aforesaid, and from the Bridge at Rijby's Rope Ground, across certain Lands, into the said Three Colt Street.

Nathaniel Byles, Esquire, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That I-eave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, and freeing from Nuisances and Annoyances, the several Streets, Ways, and Places within the Parish of Saint Anne, Limehouse, in the county of;

and for making Carriage Ways into Rijby's Rope Ground, and through Shoulder of Multan Alley and Ropemakers Fields to Three Colt Street, and from the Bridge in Rijby's Rope Ground into Three Colt Street aforesaid: And that Mr. Byng and Mr. Alderman Wilkes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Anderson Pelham have Leittrf Leave to go into the Country for a Month, on his AWa,tt private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fownes Luttrell have Leave Koto go into the Country for Six Weeks, ou his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Gabriel Steward have Leave to Dim. go into the Country for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

Mr. Braddyllreported from the Committee, to whom Prdooa

the Bill to continue the Term of an Act, made in the Lancaster, Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Preston to Lancaster, and from thence to &

Place called Heiring Syke, that divides the Counties of

Lancaster and Westmordand, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments wereOnceread throughout; and then a Second

' 'Time,

21 Geo. III. n° Februariu 785

Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put. thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

RatWIey Mr. Chay for reported from the Committee, to whom

loor Roarf*. Petition offeveral Persons, whose Names are there-nnlo subscribed, being Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending and widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road upon Gatherley Moor, in the " County of York, to in the County of

* Durham, and from the said Turnpike Road near " Smallways, across the River Tees, to in the said County of Durham, and for building a Bridge * over the said River at or near Winston Ford," was referred; That the Committee bad examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, bad been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Gordon being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have repaired the said Roads, and built a Bridge, as by the said Act is directed; and have borrowed upwards of £. 3,200, which has been laid out for the Purposes of the Act j and that a large Arrear of Interest now remains due.

That the Money now owing cannot be repaid, nor

the said Roads or Bridge kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act, which is near expiring, be further continued, further Powers granted, and the Tolls on Saddle Horses increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending and widening " the Roads from the Turnpike Road upon Gatherley Moor, in the County of York, to Staindrop, in the County of Durham, and from the said Turnpike * Road near Smallways, across the River Tees, to

" ston, in the said County of Durham; and for building a Bridge over the said River, at or near Winston " Ford:" And that Mr. Chaytor, Sir George Savile, Sir Thomas Dundas, and Mr. Turner, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- Bilston mittee to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Canal. LandOwners, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, of the Town of Birmingham and the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, is referred.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- Burton upon mittee to whom the Petition of the several Persons Trent Tow-whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Lessees of the ,n8 Path* Navigation of the River Trent under the Right honoiuv able Henry Lord Paget, from a certain Place called Wilden Ferry, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby, or One of them, to the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, is referred.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, ac- Completing cording to Order, a Bill for keeping the Militia Forces the Militia, of this Kingdom complete, during the Time therein to be mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refalved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Notice being taken of a Mistake in the Estimate of Militia the Charge of an Additional Company and Additional Estimate to the Embodied Militia in South Britain, including withdrawn 5 Cloathing, for the Year 1781, which was presented to the House upon the 4th Day of this Instant;

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Estimate, in order to the presenting a perfect Estimate instead thereof.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by presented. His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Charge of an Additional Company and Additionals to the Embodied Militia in South Britain, including Clothing, for the Year 1781.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 38.

ESTIMATE

85 ii* — -i 3° FeA. 1782.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of att Additional Company and Additional, to the Embodied Militia In South,

Britain, including Clothing, for the Year 1781.

The Charge of One Additional Company to the Bad nor Militia, including Clothing, from 2ill April 1781 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 248 Days - - *

Lincoln South Battalion, being the Difference between the Pay of One Lieutenant and Ensign for the Year 1781 -Anglesea Militia, being the Pay of a Lieutenant Colonel, as Lieutenant Colonel, at 7 s.per Diem, for the same Time

D*, being the Pay of Major, as Major, at 5$. per , and the Difference between the Pay of One Lieutenant and Ensign, at is. per Diem, from 28th March 1781 to 24th December following, being 272 Days -

Middlesex — Charge of an Increase on the Establishment of each of the Three Battalions, at 8j. id. per from 25th March

1781 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 275

Days

Towards which may be applied the Savings by Alteration of the Establishment of the following Corps:

F.ffer, West Regiment Suffolk, West Regiment

Remains to be made good for the Year 1781 -

War Office,

9th February 1782.

Number*.

68

68

68

Charge*

TOTAL.

839 18 II 18 5 127 *5 *

81 12 — 112 5 10

836 4 " 300 18 8

1,179 16 9

637 2 8

542 M

East

Grinfield

Writ.

Honiton

Election.

Ordered, That the said Eiii mate do lie upon the Table, to be perufedby the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Grinfield, in the County of Sussex, in the room of the Right honourable George Germain, commonly' called Lord George Germain, now Lord Viscount Sackville, called up to the House of Peers.

The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, delivered in to the House One of the Lifts which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining un-struck; to which last mentioned Lift the Names of William Adam and William Baker, Esquires, being added, the same was called over; and is as fellows:

Lord Viscount Maitland, Sir Horatio Mann, Lord Viscount Duncannon, James Martin, Esquire, Thomas

Stanley, Esquire, Charles Esquire, Thomas

Whitmore, Esquire, Sir William Middleton, Baronet, Sir James Penny man. Baronet, John Esquire,

Henry Rawlinjbn, Esquire, Edward James Eliot, Ef-

quire, Sir George Warren, Knight of the Bath, H'il-l‘dm Adam, Esquire, William Baker, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Alexander Macleod, Esquire; and also of the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto fuh-foribed, Inhabitants of the Borough of Honiton, in the Countyr of Devon, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Second Committee Chamber, appointed for bearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 130 die Februarii;

Anno 22* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1782. Prayers.

SIR HarbordHarbord reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for the amending and rendering more clfeftual the Laws in being relative to Houses of Correction, was committed; That the Committee had gone

through

ing Hoi is* Correct

fVC of

fence.

inllerwoTth

am Allotment.

rfchxffeirs

Nat.

ave of ihfence.

Completing the Militia.

r3° Februartu

787

22 Geo. III.

through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Eyre have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

A Bill for allotting Part of Ham, in the

Parish of Minsterzcorlh, in the County of Gbucejier, to

Charles Barrow, Esquire, in Lieu of Lis Common Rights thereupon, and for allowing Exchanges within the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Francis Eyre, Mr. Mafierman, &c.: And they are to meet this.

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing Frederic was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ord, Mr. Parry, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Gough have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Cecil have Leave to go into the Country for Five Weeks, on his private Affairs*

A Bill for keeping the Militia Forces of this Kingdom complete, during the Time therein to be mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Com-., mittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of Fine Organ-zined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a Time to be limited, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of Fine Organzined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord North prefen ted to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

Copy of the Decree of the Commissioners impowered by His Majesty for carrying into Execution Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of His Reign, for securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at -Plymouth, so far as relates to the Lands

to be purchased in Devonfiire: And also.

Copy of the Decree of the Commifijoiiers impowered by His Majesty for carrying into Execution Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of His Reign, for securing His Majesty's Docks, Shipp, and Stores, at Plymouth, so far as relates to the Lands to be purchased in Cornwall.

And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

The said Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Names of the Proprietors, and their several Proportions of the Money, according to the said Decrees, are as followeth: viz.

Vol. 58.

9P

PRO-

Importation of [taliati Thrown Silk.

Lands purchased for securing the Docks, fice.

788

13* Febru

A. 1782.

PROPRIETORS NAMES. Respective Sum*. Sums Total.

Sir John St. Aubyn - _ - - - - £ s. d. 756 £ s-

D° - " * " 52 *5 —

D* - . - - - - 161 10 6

D* - - - 244 2 6

D* . - - " - - b 15 ~

D" - - - - " 412

D* - D* - - - 69 ~ ~ 490 17 6

D* - - - 120 — —

D° - - - 34 13 —

D® - - - - 4 18 — *

Thomas Clarke _ - - 1,023 15 — 2,352 11 6

D° - - - 5 12 —

John Spurrill . - - . - 24 19 3 1,029 7 —

D° - - - 144 4 —

Mary Mervyn _ _ - - >73 19 — i69 3 3

D° - - - - 195 6 —

Susannah Croad . — 369 5 — 86 5-

Revd E. B. Blackett - - - - T - 330 !5 —

D® - - - 396 18 — —

Sir Fredk Leman Rogers m . m _ 737 *3 " 375 7 6

Hannibal Hazokins - -x . 30 --

Rd Fyvyan WiUesford . - 23 2 —

Lord Viscount Mount Edgcumbe - . - - - - 2,728 2 6 2,728 2 6

Revd Tho* Drake - 43i 5 " 153 18 —

Reginald Carew, Esquire - . m -

— for Vicarial Tythes - 91 16 —

Henry Prideaux, Esquire - _ - - - - m m m 300

Christopher Rouse - - - . m m O 240

Warwick Calmady, Esquire D° - - - 405 — —

" - J95 T

Dean and Canons of Windfory and John Harris, Esquire

Total Sum for the Purchase of the Lands

To Lord Viscount Moufit Edgcumbe, the Sum of £. 200, to be paid to Reuben Dyer Bone, and the like Sum of £. 200 to be paid to Suf* Croad, for the Surrendering their respective Leases of Stonehouse Hill, making together To D % for the Annual Rent of Stonehouse Hill £. 36. 17 s. 6 d. besides the Fines therein mentioned.

Damages estimated by the Commissioners to be paid to the following Persons, for their Expences of Surveys, &c. according to a Clajufe in the subsequent Act of Parliament, viz\ To Lord Viscount Mount Edgcumbe Sir John St. Aubyn Thomas Warn r

Maiy Connock - - - - .

Nicholas Mill and C®

Lawrence Row - - - - _ _

John Perkins, R* Briifcy, Ann Gregory, IF" Davis, Jane Tredennick, and Judith Grills, £. 5. 1 s. each....

Value of Lands -Total

68 16 —

83 12 —

5 5-

36 15 —

26 11 q XO 10 —

30 6

600 — — 40

9>747 i5 9

4oo ——

261 15 9

661 J5 9

9*747 l5 9

10,409 II 6

PRO.

ccount of rdnance opreft Bills*

Supply.

42 Geo. III. 13" — 14® Februarii.

PROPRIETORS NAMES. Respective 6umi. Sums Total*

f. s, £. s. d.

Rear Admiral Tho' Graves ----- - D® - i>37* 65] 56 14 1,428 — 9

Reginald Carew, Esquire ----- - 1,084 15 74-

D* ----- ---- 54 15 —

D® for Tythe - -- -- - 247 10 —

D® for Rope Walk ----- -- 33 3 9

James Tropicell Day - - ... 1,420 4 4$ 2,858 12 6

for the Vicarial Tythes - - . 148 10 —

Abraham Roberts, for the Rope Walk - - - 99 11 3

Total Amount - - L 5,954 18 11

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Ordnance Imprest Bills, bearing Interest, issued and out-standing before the 13th of February 1782 j distinguishing the ItTiies of each Year.

The Order of the ifay being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Petition of the Trustees of the British Museum, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " General State of Accounts of the British Museum, 15th December *178 1," be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made, That the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for the Year 1782, be referred to the said Committee.

The Lord North, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision for defraying the Charges of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for the Year 1782,88 theyflial) think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surpluses, dated the 5th Day of April 1781, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surpluses, stated the 10th Day of October 1781, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1782, he referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1782, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Number of Ships of the Line launched between the lit of January 17'>6, and the ift of January 1782, distinguishing the Number launched in each Year, the Rates, and the Places where bnib, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, \ \mt the several other Accounts and Papers, which have been presented to this House in this Seiliou

Vol. 38.

of Parliament, relating to the Navy, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.'

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr Ordreported from the Committee, That they

had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Ways and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means,

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clocks

Jovis, 140 die Februarii;

Anno 22° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1782.

Prayus.

ARLES Frederick Schmoll took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Sir James Pennyman presented to the House, ac- Whitecross to cording to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Beverley Powers of an Act, pafl'ed in the First Year of the Reign ^OTCU‘ of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Road leading from White CroJ's, in the Parish of I^even in llolderness, in the East Riding of the County of

York, to the Town of Beverley, in the same County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition

79^ 14* Febrwrit. A. 1782.

Brecon A Petition of several Owners of Estates and Irihabi-tbrouah Hav tantsin the Neighbourhood of the Turnpike Road be-Road. tween the Towns of Brecon and Hay, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petition-ersobibrve, by the Votes, that Application is making in Parliament to continue the Repairs of the said Road; and alleging, that the Rqad leading from, or nearly from Broynllys Turnpike to the V illage of Llufzven, makes a Communication between the said Brecon Road and the LhjJken and Talgarth Roads, and is in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be amended by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That the same may be included with the said Brecon and Hay Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: Aud that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Morgan, Sir Charles Gould, &e.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Prefion to An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term of an Act, Laiicaster, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late kt. Road. Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Preston to Lancaster, and from thence to a Place called Hairing Syke. that divides the Comities of Ijxncajicr and Westmordand, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 8. After " Ofzvardtlnvijlle" to in fort " Robevt Bailey."

Pr, 4. I. 7. After " ThrelfalC to insert " Richard " Thr elf all P

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Houft; j and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pa!‘s: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his Jute Majesty King George t he Second, for repairing and w iden-ing the Road from Preston to Lnncajier, and from thence texa Place called He icing Syke, that divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmoreland.

Ordered, Tbr.t Mr. Braddyll do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Coventry Mr. Roe Yeo reported from the Committee, to whom Small Debts* the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of, or Traders within the City and County of the City of Coventry, and Liberties of the fame, on Behalf of themselves and others, wasreferred ;That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Edward Inge informed your Committee, That the said City and County is very large and populous^ and very extensive Trades and Manufactures are carried on therein, which employ great Numbers of Persons; many of whom frequently contract Small Debts to a great Annual Amount; and although such Persons are well able, yet they often refuse to pay such Debts, presuming on the Difficulties their Creditors lie under in suing for and recovering the same — That if a more easy and speedy Method of recovering Small Debts within the said City and County and Liberties was provided, the same would greatly contribute to promote Industry, and encourage useful Cred it, and would be of great Advantage to all Persons redding and trading within the said City.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more cafy and speedy Recovery of final! Debts, within the City and County of the (Tty of Coventry, and the Liberties thereof: And that Mr. Roe Yeo and the Lord Sheffield do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Mellish reported from the Committee, to whom Leadenfnm the Petition of several of the Trustees for executing an* Hill ltoadi. Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from a " PI ace cal led Lit (legate, at t he Top of Lea den ham Hill,

" in the County of Lincoln, to the Well End of Barnby " Gate, in Newark upon Trent, and from the Guide " Post at the Division of Kelham and Mujhham Lanes,

" to Mansfield, and from Southwell to Oxton, in the " County of Nottingham and of several Persons who have advanced Money on the Credit of the 'Foils by the said Act granted, whose Names are thereunto sub-' feribed, in Behalf of themselves as well as the other Trustees and Creditors, was referred; That the Cornniit-tee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 2.5th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the (lime, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is a* followerh; viz.

To pruve the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Job Brough. Esqitire, being examined, said, Thatth$

Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed the Sum of £. 3,200; which has been duly applied, together with the Tolls, according to the Directions of the said Act — That several further Powders and Amendments are necessary, and the Term of the Act is near expiring.

Aud the Witness further said, That the Road between Newark Br idge and the Guide Post, at the Divi-fion of Kelham and Mujhham Lrtnes (which is about Two hundred Yards in Length) connects with the main Road, but wants to be properly repaired, and it would be of public Util ity if the same was put under the Care of the Trustees under the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Roads from a Place called Lit (legate, at the lop ct of Leadenham Hill, in the County of Lincoln, to the " West End of Barnby Gate, in Newark upon Trent,

" and from the Guide Post at the Division of Kelham c< and Mujhham Lanes, to Mansfield, and irom Sou (knell <( to Ox ton, in the County of Nottinghamand for repairing the Road from the West Side of Newark Bridge to the said Guide Post: And that Mr. Mellish and Sir John Thorold do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Forester have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for Six Weeks, on his private Affairs. Abieucs.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- Minfterworth mittee to whom the Bill for allotting Part of Minsler- Ham Allot-worth Ham, in the Parish of Minflerworth, in 1 he County ment'

of Gloucester, to Charles Barrow, Esquire, in lieu of his Common Rights thereupon; and for allowing Exchanges within the said Parish, is committed.

Mr. Plimrer reported from the Committee, to whom Gal lev

the Bill to confirm, and carry into Execution, certain Cor^(J&c‘ Articles of Agreement entered into between the Right honourable James Earl of Salisbury and the Trustees appointed by and under several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the FCoad leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Erfie Id Chace, in the Parish of South Mims, in the County

1

12 Geo. III. 14° Februarii.

County of Middlesex, to L Mill, in the County

oftycr/ford, and for turning and altering the said Road in the Manner mentioned in the said Agreement, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

ntham Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the closure. Committee, to whom the Petition of his Grace the Duke of jMarlborough, and the humble Petition of Ben-

jamin Holloway, James Waftie, John Arnatt, Jonathan Arnatl, Robert. Wilfdon, Charles Smith, and Richard Watkins, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of certain inclosed Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Ensham, in the County of Oxford, is referred.

John'*, Mr. Fox reported from the Committee, to whom the &e. Petition of the Owners of Estates and Houses, and of Pavi'n^ Jnhab'tants in those Parts of the Parish of Saint John av, ng' the Evangelist, in the City of which are ex-

eluded from the Provisions and Benefit of the several Acts for paving and regulating the City of Westminster, and of several Owners of Estates and Inhabitants in certain Parts of the Parish of Saint Margaret, Westminster, lying intermixed with, or contiguous to, the said Parish of Saint John, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di-rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend and render more effectual several Acts made relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, was read; wherein it is declared, That for the Purposes thereof, the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelistshall in all Respects be considered as One Parish only; and also, that as there are several Streets and Places in the said United Parishes, where the Inhabitants are not of Ability to raise Money sufficient to defray the Expence of new paving or repairing, cleansing, and lighting such Streets and Places under the Regulations of that Act, it should not be lawful for the Paving commissioners to order any of the Streets or Places within the said United Parishes to be new paved or repaired, cleansed, or lighted, except the several Streets and Places in the said Act mentioned; but that whenever the Commissioners should be of Opinion that the Streets and Places so left out of the said Act should be so advanced in Rent that the Inhabitants should be of Ability to contribute to the Paving, the same should be subject to be paved, cleansed, and lighted under the Act. And,

Mr. John Bradley being examined, said, That the Commissioners always understood that the Streets not enumerated in the Paving Acts were left out of the last Act, hecaufeat that Time the Inhabitants w ere deemed utterly incapable of pay ing their Quota of the Expence of Paving and Lighting, and of Course the same would have become a heavy Burthen on the rest of the United Parishes — That the Consequences of the Exclusion has been fatal to that Part of the Parish of John, the Houses therein having ever fmee been going to De-VOL. 38.

cay — That the Streets are so wretchedly paved and lighted, and are so offensive from Nuisances and Annoyances, that People in decent Circumstances can never be expected to reside in them, and of Course the Parishes are so far from being now, or having any Prospect of becoming in future entitled to be admitted to partake of the Advantages of the said Paving Act, that they are in an incomparably worse State than they were at the passing of that Act, and are daily growing worse.

That the Sitting of Parliament compels Carriages to go near a Mile round — That the Track they are obliged to take is in general very narrow', and in some Places so narrow that Two Carriages cannot pass each other; of Course the Wear has been very great, and the Pavement so bad as to be highly detrimental to Carriages and Cattle, several of which have been maimed or killed by Reason thereof. — And the Witness further' said, That the Junction of the Bowling Alley, Peter Street, Tuflon Street, and Wood Street, is particularly dangerous.

That the Streets in general lie so flat, and in such uneven Directions, that for Want of proper Drains and Levels they cannot be effectually kept clean.

That the Value of Estates in the said Places is most grievously reduced, many Parrs thereof not being habitable — That it would be advantageous to the Land and House Owners, to the Parish, and to the Public, if Power was given by Parliament to repair and level the Pavements, and light the Streets, and to remove Nuisances and Annoyances, as eft'cftually as they may be able; as, under the Regulation of the present Paving Acts, the Parish cannot, nor are ever likely to be able to bear the Expence of paving and lighting the Parish a the other Parishes in Westminster.

That it would be a Means of raising the Value of Estates in the said Parts of the said Parishes, and of public Utility, if the Highway or Road leading from the End of Market Street to the Westminster commonly called The Horse Ferry Road, was properly amended and kept in Repair, and Nuisances and Annoyances in or near the same removed, and prevented in future.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and repairing the Pavement in, and for lighting such of, the several Streets, Lanes, Ways, and other Places in the United Parishes of Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist in Westminster, as are at present excluded from the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to amend, and render more effectual, several " Acts made relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting " the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places within " the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent;" and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in or near the fame: And that Mr. Fox, Mr. Byng, and Mr. Marsham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Newcastle the 21 ft Day of January last, for taking into Considera- »Pon Tyne tion Tomorrow the Petition of the several Persons Eletfioo. whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Burgesses and Electors of the Town of Nc Tyne, on Behalf of themselves and others, Burgesses and Electors of the said Town, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Sir Matthew White Ridley, Baronet, might be read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed that the said several Persons were desirous to withdraw their said'Petition;

And Sir Matthew White Ridley having, in his Place, acquainted the House that he consented to the with-drawing of the said Petition;

Ordered, That the said Order, for taking the said Petition into Consideration, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said several Persons have Lehve to withdraw their said Petition.

9 Q Ordered,

L.

Account of Shipwrights, Ire.

Poor

Removals.

S.uFpty-

791

14* — 15° — 16° Februarii. ' A. 1782.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Shipwrightsand Caulkers, with their Apprentices, employed in His Majesty's different Yards of this Kingdom, with an Account of the Increase or Decrease of their Numbers, from the ift of January 1775, to the id of January 1782, together with the Numbers that have served His Majesty Fourteen Years in that Capacity in the different Dock Yards of this Kingdom, including their Servitudes.

Mr. Pozvney presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prevent vexatious Removals of the Poor: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk'sTable: Where the same were read; and are as folio wet h; viz.

Hefolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred and Nine thousand Seven hundred Sixty-six Pounds Twelve Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1782.

Resolved, That it is the Ppinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine hundred Fifty-three thousand Five hundred and Nineteen Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty's Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1782.

ResolvedThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-five thousand One hundred Forty-nine Pounds Eight Shillings and One Halfpenny, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1781, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act made in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Eighty-three thousand Three hundred and Eighty Pounds Three Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July-1781. of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1778.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Two thousand Eight hundred and Six Pounds and Nine Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency on the 5 th Day of July 1781, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1779.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Fifty-three thousand One hundred Ninety-three Pounds Eight Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of April 1781, of the Fund established for paying Annuities g ranted by an Act, made in the Twentieth 22

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1780.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, and for their Stibfistence during the Time they shall be absent from Home on Account of the Annual Exercise, for the Year 1782.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards enabling the * Trustees of The BrUish Mvfcum to carry on the Execution of the Trulls reposed in them by Parliament.

The said RefoJutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 15* die Februarii;

Anno 220 Georgii III'1* Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considera- Newcastle tion the Petition of Thomas Delaval, Esquire, upon Tyne complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Elcaion. Town and County of the Town of Neivcaflle upon Tyne, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Fifty-two Members only being found to be present, Mr.

Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration; and immediately adjourned the said Order, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned by Mr.

Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 160 die Februarii;

Anuo 22* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

THE Hour apppointed for taking into Considera- Newcastle tion the Petition of Thomas Delaval, Esquire, upon Tyne complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Election. Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One Member only being found to be present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration; and immediately

2 a Geo. III. 16° — 18'

diately adjourned the said Order* Without a Question first put, till Monday, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned by Mr-Speaker, without a Question first put, till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna> 18° die Februarii;

Anno 22* Georgii III*11 Regis* 1782.

Prayers.

vcaftie I 'H E Hour appointed for taking into Consideration iv/Tyne the Petition of Thomas Delaval, Esquire, cora-

n" plaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town

and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Five Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were by the Clerk taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Three Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of John Parry, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioner, and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Six other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Thomas Dimfdale, Esquire, being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; and having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Thirty-five other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Thomas Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Five other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Seventeen other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Three, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; Eight, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees; Five, on Account of their having already in this Session of Parliament served on Select Committees;

VOL. 38.

Februarii 793

and One, on Account of his having voted at the said Elettion.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete. Lists of the said Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the and Means, whole House* to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Petition of the several Person9 whose Names are Biilion thereunder written, was presented to the House; and Canal, read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Coal Mines in the Liberty of Bilson, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parishes of Sedgley, Tipton otherwise Tibbington, Wednesbury, and W in the County of Stafford, to or near Birmingham, and front the Neighbourhood of Birmingham, to communicate with the Coventry Canal Navigation (intended to be completed between Atherston and the Canal from The Trent to the Mersey) at or near Faz, in the Parish of Drayton Baffett, in the County of Stafford; and that the Petitioners, beingOwnersorOccupiers of Houses, Mills, and Lands, near to, or through which the said Canal is intended to be cut, do apprehend that great Injury, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, will arise to them, as well by the Prejudice which the Occupiers of such Lands will sustain, as by the near Approach of the said intended Canal to the Houses and Pleal'ure Grounds of several of the Petitioners; and that great Injury will also arise thereby, a9 well to the Property of the Petitioners, as to the Trade and Manufactures carried on in the Neighbourhood of such intended Canal, by Means of its intercepting several Streams and Currents of Water which at present communicate with, and run into the River Tame, whereby the Water (already insufficient for the Supply and Working of several Mills upon the said River) will be considerably diminished; and that the Petitioners are likewise apprehensive, that such Trade and Manufactures may be further materially injured in cafeaConteft for Coals at the Pits should take Place between the Proprietors of the present and the said intended Canal, because an Advance in the Price of Coals at the Pits would be a probable Consequence of such Contest; and that as the Navigable Canal already compleated from Aulherley (where it communicates with the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canals) through several considerable Collieries, to the Town of Birmingham, amply supplies that Town with Coals, and answers every other useful Purpose, the making a new Canal Navigation (the same being intended to run nearly parallel with the present Canal) will be attended with very little if any Public Benefit or Utility, and cannot, in the Apprehension of the Petitioners, at all compensate for the apparent Injury which will arise therefrom: And therefore praying,

That the said Bill may not be permitted to pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are DjU0-thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the several Parishes of Middleton,

Sutton, Kingsbury, Drayton Baffett, and Tamworth, in

the

V

794

18° Februa

A. 17 82,

the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Application; and setting forth, That the making of a Canal, as prayed for by the said Petition, would be most essentially prejudicial to such Parts of the Estates of the Petitioners and others in the said Parishes of Middleton, Curdworth, Sutton, Kingjbuiy, Drayton Bqffett, and Tamzvort/i, as might be cut through in making the same, and could not be ive of . any material Advantage to the Town and Neighbourhood of Birmingham, or of any real Public Utility, there being a good and sufficient Canal already compleated in a Direction so nearly parallel with that above described, as to render any other quite unnecessary: And therefore praying, That if any Bill should be brought in pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition, they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the fame, and that it may not pass, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Biifton A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the

Canal. Birmingham Canal Navigation, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Application; and setting forth, That the said Company have, at the Experice of upwards of£.i 20,000, compleated the said Canal, which hath been found to answer very effectually all the Purposes for which it was intended, to the great Benefit of the Town and Neighbourhood, and of the Public; and that the Canal proposed to be made by the said Petition, would be in a Line so nearly parallel with that already made by the Petitioners, that neither the Public, nor th,e Town of Birmingham, could derive any material Advantage therefrom; but a great Number of Individuals, possessed of orinterested in Shares in the said Navigation, which were bought upon the Faith of Parliamentary Security, and which to many Widows, Orphans, and others, is their only Source of Support, would be entirely ruined, or most grievously injured thereby, as such new Canal would essentially interfere with and prejudice that brought to the utmost Perfection by the said Company of Proprietors: And therefore praying, That in case any Bill should be brought in for making the Canal described in the said Petition, they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the fame, and that it may not pass into a Law.

Ditto. A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Borough of Daventry, in the County of Northampton, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Application; and setting forth, That in case the Bill mentioned in the said Petition should pass into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend, that great Advantages would arise to the Public in general, and particularly to the Inhabitants of the Borough of Daventry and its Environs, as, by Means of a Canal Communication between the said Mines and the Coventry and Oxford Canals, the Petitioners may be supplied with Staffordshire Coal upon much more reasonable Terms than they now are, or ever have been: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Navigable Cut or Canal, and that the same may pass into a Law.

Ditto. A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other

principal Inhabitants of the Town of Atherstone, in the County of Warwick, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Application; and setting forth. That the Petitioners conceive, if the said proposed Navigable Cut or Canal should be made, it would be advantageous to the Town and Neighbourhood of Atherstone, and a great National Benefit: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

D .0. A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other

principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Tarmvorih, in the Counties ot \\ anvickand 57affordsas also presented

to the House, and read; likewise tnking Notice of the said Application; and setting forth, That the.Petitioners conceive, if-the said proposed Navigable Cut or Canal should be made, it would be very advantageous to the said Borough and Neighbourhood of Tamworth, and a great National Benefit: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report he received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Trades-men, Manufacturers, and others, of the Town of Birmingham, and the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, whose Name's are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, is referred.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and others, Biifton whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of, Canal, and in the Neighbourhood of, Birmingham, was presented to the House, and read; "Faking Notice of the Bill to enable the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation to make and maintain an Extension of Canal from the Parish of Westbromwich to Broadwater Fire Engine, and to make Six Collateral Cuts from the same, to lead to several Coal Mines: and setting forth, That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Coal Mines in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parities of Sedgley, Tipton, Wednesbury, and Westbromwich, to or near Birmingham, and from the Neighbourhood of Birmingham to communicate with the Coventry Canal Navigation (intended to be compleated between Atherstone and the Canal from The Trent to The Mersey) at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Drayton Baffett, in the County of Stafford-, and-alleging, that the Proprietors of the present Birmingham Canal have, at a very great Expence, executed and compleated the said Canal in a proper Manner, and in so doing have reduced the Price of Coals to the Petitioners, the Town of Birmingham, and Neighbourhood in general, from Thirty to Fifty Pounds per Cent.; and that such Reduction in the Price of Coals, as well as the Reduction in the.

Price of Limestone, and in the Carriage of various Articles of Merchandize brought along the said Canal, have fully answered the Expectations formed by the Petitioners upon the Event of such Canal being compleated; and that the said Proprietors of the Birming ham Canal, Tor the Accommodation of the Public, have, at a very great Expence, made commodious Wharfs, and other Conveniences, and have never charged the Public with any Wharfage Duties, although they are by the Act fully authorized to make such Charge; and the Petitioners, from the fullest Conviction, apprehend that the Extension of the Old Canal, as prayed for by the Proprietors, will be productive of real Good, whillt the New Canal proposed is by no Means founded either in Necessity or Justice: And therefore praying,

That the former may pals into a Law, and that the , latter may not receive the Countenance of the House; and that they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, thereupon.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Ditto. Oxford Canal Navigation, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Petition hath been presented for making a Navigable Canal from certain Coal Mines in the Liberty of Biifton, and Parishes of Wolva hamplon, Sedgley, Tipton otherwise Tibbington, Wedriesbury, and Westbromicich, in the County of Stafford, to or near the Town o ['Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Drayton Baffett, in the County of Stafford', and that the

Petitioners

Bilston

Canal.

22 Geo. III. i8° Febru 795

Petitioners are informed, that a Survey hath been taken, describing the Line of the said intended Canal, and that such Line hath been ltaked and marked out for that Purpose; and the Petitioners are fully convinced, that the making the said intended Canal, will enable them to finish and complete their Navigation; and that by opening a Communicat ion from the said Coal Mines and Town of Birmingham, to the Oxford and . Canals, very considerable Benefit will arise to the Counties of Oxford, Wancick, and , and Parts

adjacent, and also to the Public in general; and that the Petitioners have been also informed, that since the Line of the said intended Canal hath been marked out, the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation have marked out the Ground lor extending their Canal, and for making several Collateral Cuts from the same, to communicate with the Coal Mines in the said several I^rishes, the Line of some of which Cuts intersect the Line of the said Canal intended to be made from the said Coal Mines to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley as aforesaid; and that the Proprietors of the BirminghamCam.I Navigation have made Applicat ion to the House, for a Bill to enable them to extend their Canal, and to make Collateral Cuts in the Liues to marked out as aforesaid; and that if the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal should be enabled to extend the fame, and to make the said Collateral Cuts, as proposed by the said Bill, it will dc feat the making the said Canal from the said Coal Mines to join the Country Canal at or near Fazeley, and the public Benefits which would arise therefrom; and will also deprive the Petitioners of the Means of accomplishing one of the chief Euds of their Undertaking, to the great Loss of the several Persons who have advanced Money towards executing the fame, and will moreover effectually prevent the great Line of Communication intended to be made between the several inland Navigations, and destroy the commercial Intercourses intended to be opened by the fame, which the Petitioners conceive to be the ultimate Object of Parliament in the several Acts already made in this Behalf; And therefore praying the House to take the Matter into Consideration, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Occupiers of Mills in the Parishes of Ilalefowen, in the County of Salop, and Weflbromwich and Tipton, in the County of Stafford,

/was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and setting forth, That the Petitioners are possessed of several Mills in the Parishes of Halefoioen, Wefibromxoich, and Tipton, in the Counties of Salop and Stafford, below the Level of the Branch of the Birmingham Canal leading to the Brick House, which Mills are already materially injured by the Streams originally supplying the same having been diverted for the Use of the said Birmingham Canal;

and that in order to effect an Extension of the Birmingham Canal to the Mines below the Level of the fame, it will be necessary to construd upwards of Forty-six Feet of Lockage: and that the Petitioners are well informed, that the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal do intend to erect a Fire Engine to enable them to raise certain Water, which at present communicates with the Petitioners Mills, to the Height of Sixty Feet, and then deliver the same not into any Part of the Collateral Cut of the said Canal, from whence the intended Extenfiou is deligned to be made, but into a Collateral Cut at a Place called Oclcer Hill, which adjoins to that Part of the present Birmingham Canal which leads to Autherley; and the Petitioners are apprehensive that they shall be deprived of their usual Supply of Water, to the great Injury of themselves, and the Public in general, who are interested in the various Manufactures carried on at such Mills; And therefore praying, That the said Bill for extending the said Birmingham Canal, may not pass into a Law'.

Vol. 38.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and Manufacturers, whose Names are thereunto fhbscribed, Inhabitants of the Parish of Birmingham,

in the County of Warwick, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and setting forth, That the Petitioners obfene by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Coal Mines (being the same Mines of Coal with which the said Birmingham Canal is intended to communicate) in the Liberty of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parishes of Sedgley, Tipton otherwise Tibbing/on, ITedne/bury, and Westbromtoich, to or near Birmingham, and from I he Neighbourhood of Birmingham to communicate with the Coventry Canal Navigation (intended to be compleated between Atherjhne and the Canal from The Trent to The MerfeyJ at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Drayton Baffelt, in the County of Stafford; and that in case the Bill mentioned in the said Petition should pass into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend that great Advantages would arise to the Public in general, as well as to the Parish of Afonjnxta Birmingham in particular, and also to the upper Parts of Warwickshire and Oxfordshire; and that the Petitioners apprehend,

if the Bill for extending the said Birmingham Canal Navigation, and for making the said Collateral Cuts from the same to communicate with the said Mines, should pass into a Law, the general Communication by Water before-mentioned will not be effected, because both the said Undertakings cannot take place, as the Lines pointed out for and necessary to be observed by each intended Canal, or the Collateral Branches thereof respectively, are intended to occupy and pass through nearly one and the same Tract of Land to the same Mines of Coal, and the same Water will be necessary for the Navigation thereof, in the Parishes of bury, Wefibromwich, Sedgley, and Tipton otherwise Tib-

bingtonaforesaid; And therefore praying. That the said Bill for extending the said Birmingham Canal Navigation, and for making Collateral Cuts from the same into the said Mines, may not pass into a Law'.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill to enable the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation to make and maintain an Extension of Canal from the Parish of Weflbromwich, to Broadwater Fire Engine, and to make Six Collateral Cuts from the same, to lead to several Coal Mines, be read a Second Time.

APetition of Clement Tudway

Tudway, Robert Tudway, Henry Phelps, Richard Willcox, William Boidting, James Tibbs, Robert Lax, William Hippijley, Stephen Fry, George Kitching, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe a Bill is ordered to be brought into Parliament, for inclosing, dividing, and allotting Knowl Moor, and other Moors, Commons, and Wastes, within the Parish of Wookey, in the County of Somerset; which the Petitioners apprehend will be very injurious to their Estates, and of no public Advantage: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against all and every Part of the said Bill affecting their Interest, in order that the same may not pass into a Law, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of John Salmon, Richard Clarke,

Clarke, Joseph Elvard, Cornelius Curtis, Elizabeth Butten, and others.

A Petition of Daniel Lyfons, of the City of Bath, Doctor in Physic, Thomas Horde, of Borton on the

9 R Water,

Bilston

Canal.

Wookey

Inclosir*.

Minfterworth Plain Allotment.

Stourbridge, &c. Navigation.

79

Watery in the County of Glouc Esquire, the Reverend John Chamberlain, of in the said

County of Gloucester, and others, having Rights of

Pasturage in the Meadow after-mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for making some Allotment of some Part of a Common of Pasturage Meadow, called Ham, in the Parish of Minjlenoo in the County of Gloucester, in Favour of Charles Barrow, of Hygrove, in the said County of Gloucester, Esquire, over which Meadow the Petitioners have Rights of Pasturage, as well as the said Charles Barrow; and that the Petitioners are advised, that in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will be injurious to their Rights and Interest of Pasturage in the said Meadow: And therefore praying. That they may be heard against the said Bill, or any Part thereof, by themselves and Counsel, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for allotting Part of Minflerpcorth Ham, in the Parish of Minjlenoorth, in the County of Gloucester, to Charles Barrow, Esquire, in lieu of his Common Rights thereupon, and for allowing Exchanges within the said Parish, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Sir John Wrottesley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Stourbridge Navigation was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being proposed either to extend the Navigation, or to raise any Money for completing the fame, but only to enable the Company of Proprietors to make Calls upon themselves, to discharge certain Debts already incurred, and to answer any contingent Expences; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterward* delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: "Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the*S 'lass'uand Worcejlcrshire

Canal at or near Stourton, in the County of Stafford, and also Two Collateral Cuts, one from a Place called The Fens, upon Penfnet Chaco, to communicate with the

intended Canal near the Junction of Brook,

with the River Stour; and the other from a Place called Black Delph, upon the said Chace, to join the First-mentioned Collateral Cut at or near certain Lands called The Lays, in the Parish of in the said County of Stafford, was read: And,

Mr. Thom as Breltlc, being examined, informed your Committee, That the said Company have compleated the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, which are now rendered navigable; and the whole Sum of £. 30,000, which the Company were empowered to raise by the said Act, hath been expended in the Progress of the Works — That by an Order made at a General AlTcm-bly of the said Company, on the6ih Day of July 1778, the Committee oi the said Company were empowered to borrow and take up at Interest, the Sum of 5,000, and were to give Securities under the Common Seal of tin.' said Company, or under the 1 lands and Seals of

1782.

the said Committee, for the same; and were to be indemnified iu so doing.

The Witness further informed your Committee, That on the 4th of January 177 q,the several Proprietors of Shares in the said Navigation, entered into an Agreement amongst themselves, to raise the further Sum of £.3,000, to be repaid to them with Interest, out of the Profits of the said Navigation, and that Application should be made to Parliament, more eft ctually to secure the Repayment of the said Monies — That on the 15th of August 1780, the major Part of the Proprietors of Shares in the said Navigation, also agreed to advance the further Sam of Five Pounds on their respective Shares, and to apply to Parliament to enable the Company of Proprietors to raise the fame, as well as the Sum of £.3,000, advanced under the Agreement of the 4th of January 1779, and the Sum of £.5,000, borrowed on the Bonds of the Committee — That in pursuance of the said Orders and Agreements, the Sum of £. 5,000 Bath been borrowed on the Bonds of the said Committee, and the Sum of £.4,330 hath been raised by voluntary Sub-

feriptions amongst the said Proprietors; which respective Sums, together with the First-mentioned Sum of £. 30,000, have been applied in compleating the said Navigation; and the Company have also contracted a further Debt in carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution — That the Company are delirous of discharging the Monies so borrowed on the Bonds of the said Committee, with the Interest due thereon, as also the said additional Subscription of Five Pounds per Centum, and the other Debts due from the said Company, which will render it necessary to raise the further Sum of £. 10,000 amongst the Proprietors of Shares in the said Navigation, and to make the said £. 3,000 Part of the Capital Stock. And the Witness added, That the Powers of the said Act are in other Respects defective, and proper to be explained and amended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of

Worcester, to join the Stqffford/hireand Canal at or near Stourton, in the County of Stafford, and also Two Collateral Cuts therein mentioned: And that Sir John Wrottesley, the Lord Lewisham, Mr. Foley,

and Mr. l.ygon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Wrottesley reported from the Committee, to Stout.t-. whom the Petition of several of the Trustees ap- Rad. pointed for putting in Execution the Powers of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the First Year of the Reign of H is present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for amending and widening the " Road from the Town of S to Green " Gate, and from the West End of Street in

" Wolverhampton, to The High Street, opposite The Old

" Bush, in Dudley, and from a Place called Burnt

" Tree, near Dudley, to Birmingham, and from the " Market Crol's in Wolverhampton to Cannock, in the " Counties of Stafford, Worcester, and was

referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 23th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, hail been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Franess Brookes, being examined, said, That the Trustees for the District of Road from Stone to Streetway, have regularly executed the said Act with respect

18° Februarii.

22 Geo. III.

18® Febru,

191

respect to that Division — That a considerable Progress has been made in the Amendment of the laUl Road; in the doing of which, the Tolls, toget her with a large Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly applied — That the Debt so contracted is Hill owing, and that the same cannot be discharged, and the Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged with respect to the above-described District of Road.

Mr.....Mee gave your Committee a similar

Evidence, with respect to the other District of Roads included in the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the First Year of His present Majesty', for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Stone to WordfieyGreen G, and from the West End of Biljion Street in Wolverhamptonto The High Slrcet, of-

pofite The Old Bu/li, in Duand from a Place called

Burnt Tree, near Dudley to , and from the

Market Cross in Wolverhampton to in the

Counties of Stafford, Worcester and Warwick: And that Sir John Wroilefley, the Lord , and Mr. Ed-

ward Monckton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

jlfields to Mr. Byng reported from the Committee to whom the optgate Petition of several Owners of Estates in Lands and Way!" Houses in or near the Parish of Church, in the County of Middlesex, and of several of the principal In-

habitants, Merchants, and Manufactureers, within the same Parish, was referred j That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, pasted in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for applying the Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, to arise out of the Surplusses of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphan's Fund, for the Purpose of making a Passage for Carriages from to

Bishopsgale Street, in the County of was

read: And,

John Baker, Junior, Esquire, being examined, informed your Committee, That he, and John Spiller, Esquire, the other Trustee named in the said Act, had, agreeably to the Directions thereof, received the Bonds for Nine thousand Pounds; that they had also received from Time to Time the growing Interest thereon, and veiled the same in other such Bonds, all which they had deposited in the Bank of England, to be applied for the Purposes of the said Act, having firit paid thereout the Colls of procuring the fame, and the necessary Expences since incurred in Consequence thereof.

John Phillips, Esquire, being then examined, said. That the Inhabitants of the Parish of Christ Church, for whose Advantage, and the Convenience of the Public, it was deemed necessary that a Carriage Way should be made from Spitalfields into Bishopsgate Street, are defi rous of being veiled with Powers to make such Opening; and that the Sum granted out of the Orphans Fund as aforesaid, for that Purpose, should be forthwith applied. And he added. That the present Time is as favourable for the Work as can be wished, the Value of the Buildings necessary to be taken down having considerably diminished since the Estimate was made, on which the said Sum of Nine thousand Pounds was given.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making a Passage for Carriages from Spitalfields to Bishopsgate Street, in the County of Middlesex, and for paving the fame, and for appropriating to those Purposes the Money arising by virtue of an Act, pafledinthe Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for applying the Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, to arise out of the

Vol. 38.

Orphan's Fund, for making such Passage: And that Mr. Byng, and Mr. Alderman Wilkes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the Stepney and Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are there-unto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, Merchants, Record. Manufacturers, Dealers, Tradesmen, and others, residing within the Mauors of Stepney and Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, the Hamlets and Liberties of the fame, and of the Parts adjacent, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty, for diminishing the Fees payable, and altering the Mode of Proceeding in the Court of Record within the Manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the County of MiddleJ'cx, the Hamlets and Liberties of the fame, was read: And,

Charles Beck, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Provisions and Regulations made and prescribed by the said Act, hath been found of very essential Benefit to the District to which it extends, but that some of its Powers have been found inefleftual to fulfil the good Intentions of the Legislature in passing the fame; and that in order to render the same completely useful to the trading Part of the Inhabitants within the Jurisdiction of the Court, by promoting necessary Credit, and obviating the Contrivances and Evasions of fraudulent Debtors, some further and other Powers are necessary.

That the very easy and humane Mode prescribed by the said Act, for the Discharge of Debts by' Weekly Payments, has been found a great Relief to the poor Inhabitants within the Jurisdiction, and so serviceable to the Creditor, that it is unanimously wished that some Enlargement of the Sum to be recovered on an Action may be had.

That it hath become a Matter of Doubt, what is the Extent of the Jurisdiction of the said Court; by which Means the Business thereof is liable to frequent luter-fuptions and Embarrassments — That it would be for the Ease and Convenience of the Persons fitting as Judges, and serving as Jurymen therein, to have the Limits thereof exactly ascertained.

Tliatthe Inhabitants of several Parts intermixed with, or immediately adjoining to, the Places within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, although not actually within the same, being sensible of the Advantage of suing for their Debts therein, frequently apply to the said Court, or submit to its Process; but in order to render the same completely beneficial to such Places, it is expedient that the same should for the Purposes of the said Act be declared to be within the Limits and Jurisdiction of the said Court of Record; which many of the Inhabitants and Tradesmen are very desirous of.

Your Committee then examined John Mors Ellis, 1 Esquire, the Steward of the said Court, as to the Parts of the said Act which have by Experience been found to be defective; who said. The first Defect is the Want of a sufficient compulsory Power in the Court to oblige the Defendant, when able, to pay the Debt; as at present, a Man can be imprisoned but a Fortnight for a Debt of Filly-nine Shillings, and this in a Prison where there is every Accommodation, and where the Prisoner is allowed to work at his Trade for his Maintenance.

At present, the Operation of the Law is unequal in the very same District; as in the Court of Requelis, in this Jurisdiction, they imprison Six Weeks for the smallell Sum possible, perhaps for a Shilling, and that Imprisonment is in the common Gaol in Clerkemoell,

amongst

18° Februarii 1782.

amongst Felons, and where they are not permitted to Work at their Trades, and where the Fees on Discharge are very high.

From the Provisions in the said Act, there is no Ne-ceftity for any Man's going into Confinement, as the Court directs the Mode of Payment suitable to the Circumstances, Family, and Abilities of the Defendant; that there mud always be an Execution against the Effects in the first Place, and it is only in the same of a Deficiency thereof that the Person of the Defendarit can be taken.

That of Course, none but the most profligate and abandoned do go into Confinement, whereby, and by having removed their Effects out of the Jurisdiction, or made a Bill of Sale of them to some Relation, for the Purpose of protecting them, they injure their Creditors, and abuse the Lenity of the Act.

That in order to remedy this Evil, it is conceived there should be an Extension of the Time of Imprisonment.

That another Defect is, the Want of Power in the Court to follow the Defendant's Goods, after Execution on Judgment, when fraudulently removed by him. The Reasons for it are obvious, and the Necessity of such a Clause in inferior Courts was seen and allowed upon solemn Argument, and a Remedy provided in the Act for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests. But this Court cannot have the Benefit of that Law under the Powers of the present Act, because, independent of the great Expence, incompatible with the Spirit of the present Law, it makes no Provision for the Removal of summary Proceedings into the superior Courts, which would indeed be impossible.

From the Necessity of such a Power being allowed prior to the passing of the present Act, there is a much stronger Reason for asking it now, because, from the humane, and benevolent Spirit of the Act, tending to preserve a Family in a settled State, and to avoid any Occasion for its Flight and Removal, and allowing a partial Payment of the Debt weekly, in very small Sums, proportioned to the Wages received, and the Family to be maintained out of it, a Confidence is placed both by the Court and the Creditor in the Debtor, that those Payments should be regularly made, and their Humanity shall not be imposed on for the Purpose of gaining Time for a Removal of the Effects out of the Jurisdiction of the Court; for which Reason, a Clause suited to the Spirit of the said Act is necessary for the Purpose of following the Goods at a small Expence, that the Creditor may have the Benefit of his Judgment.

That the Act is also defective in not settling the local Jurisdiction of the Court; that Doubts have arisen, concerning the Meaning of the Words " Liberties of the fameand it is conceived that the several Parishes, Dilti ifts, and Liberties through which the Process of the Court has usually gone, and been acquiesced in, except in only One or Two very late Inllances, should be declared to be its Jurisdiction, and especially as the Inhabitants of those Places are desirous of receiving the Benefit of the Act.

That the general Credit given within this Jurisdiction is, from the Poverty of the Inhabitants, under /. io; that there is no other Method but that of applying to the said Court, for attempting a Recovery of such a Debt without the Ruin of the Defendants, who generally fly from their Habitations, and leave their Families a Burthen to the Parish, which is also often ruinous to the Plaintiff, who is not only injured by the Loss of his Debt, but his Diilrefles are increast'd, by lhe F.x-pence he has incurred in endeavouring to recover his Demand — That as the Arrest by Mesne Process, for Ids than/. 10, is taken aw'ay by the late Act of Parlia-liament, a speedy Mode of Recovery is necessary, and it is conceived, an Extension of the Sum to be sued for jti this Court is necessary.

That no Provision is made, that the Officer receiving the Suitor's Money should give Security for the due Payment of it over, and that a Clause for that Purpose* is absolutely necessary.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-firit Year or His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for diminishing the Fees " payable, and altering the Mode of Proceeding, in the Court of Record within the Manors of and

" Hackney, in the County of Midd. and the Hara-

" lets and Liberties of the lameand for ascertaining the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the said Court: And that Mr. Byvg, and Mr. Alderman Wilkes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Minchin reported from the Committee, to whom Oaktamw* the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en- Roaii larging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Oakhampton, in the County of

Devon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haddirested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned, being Newai-again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to at- upon Tn tend the said Select Committee, delivered in to the House One of the Lifts which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unllruck; to which last-mentioned Lift the Names of John Parry and Thomas Boxvlby Esquires, being added,

the same was called over, and is as follows:

Henry Raiolinfon, Esquire, Sir James

Baronet, John Frederick, Esqu i re, Thomas Steele, Esquire,

John Bond, Esquire, WilJ'on Braddyll, Esquire, Bamber Gascoyne, Junior, Esquire, Anthony Bacon, Esquire,

Peter Johiylon, Esquire, David Robert Mich ell, Esquire,

James Phipps, Esquire, the honourable Henry Filzroy Stanhope, Thomas llaljey, Esquire, John Parry, Esquire,

Thomas Boxvlby, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Thomas Delated, Esquire, now taken into Consideration,

were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides

withdrew'.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Second Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Mr. Charles Robinson, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Alexander Macleod, Esquire; and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Jacob ]Vilkinfony Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ifonilon, in the County of Devon.

And

r

famworth

Roadi.

WamMVrorth locloiu re.

Southwark

Court of Record.

22 Geo. III. i.8° Februafii. ^799

And the said Determination was ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Sir Robert Lazoley reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition offeveral of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Tamworth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, and Derby, was re-

ferred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same Was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Willington informed your Committee, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and borrowed the Sum of 7,000, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied; but that the same cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually repaired, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, the Powers thereof altered and enlarged, and some additional 1 oils granted.

And he added. That it will be necessary to repeal certain Restrictions relative to the erecting Gates or Turnpikes at particular Places.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repairing and widening several Roads leading to and " through the Borough of T and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Stafford,

" wick, and Derby:" And that Sir Robert Sir

George Shuckburgh, Mr. Calvert, Senior and Mr. Courtenay, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Midleton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields within the Parish of worth, in the County of SurreyAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Richard Jfotham reported from the Committee*

to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey; and also the Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants residing within the Eastern Half of the Hundred of Brixton, in the County of Surrey, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, it appeared to your Committee, by an Inspexi-raus of the Fourteenth Year of King Charles the Second, That, by Letters Patent of the 23d of April, in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, Power was given to the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, to hold all and all Manner of Contraftaand Demands whatsoever, within the Town and Borough of happening and

growing, by like Actions, Bills, Plaints, Process, Arrests. Judgments, Executions, and other Things whatsoever, in such Manner and Forms as such happening in the City of London had been, Time out of Mind, taken, held, levied, prosecuted, and executed, before Voi. 38.

the Mayor and Aldermen anct Sheriffs of the said City, or in any of them had been sued in the said City, and that the Inhabitants of the said Town and Borough, and the Parishes and Precinfrs therein, might be impleaded and plead in Form aforesaid; and by the same Letters Patent, Powers were also given to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, for impannel-ing of Juries for the Trial of such Issues: Then,

Mr. John Tozonfend, Prothonotary of the Borough

Court of Record, being examined, said. That by virtue of the said Letters Patent, the said Court has been usually held on Monday in every Week, whenever there was Business to proceed on, at the Town Hall of the said Borough — that when any Cause is at Issue, the Judge of the Court is acquainted therewith, the Jury are summoned, and he attends, to decide; that the Witness never knew him neglect attending — that Canfes are very often stayed till there are a sufficient Number to make it worth while for Counsel to attend — that the Court is not an open Court for Attornies — that, there are Three Attornies belonging to the Court, befidt s a Bailiff, Gaoler, and Six or Seven Officers — that the Bailiff summonses the Jury, who are the moil respectable Men in the Borough — that Causes are tried upon Debts from Forty Shillings to any Sum, and that many Actions are brought for Debts above Ten Pounds — that the Mode of Proceeding in the said Court for the Recovery of Debts between Forty Shillings and Ten Pounds, is very dilatory, and the Expences attending the same are very bnrthenfome to the Suitors, by Means whereof many Persons now submit to the Loss of their just Debts.

And he produced to your Committee, several Bills of Charges in Proceedings against Debtors; whereby it appeared, that the Expences of suing for Debts frequently exceed the Debt — that in One Cause the Debt amounted to £.2. 10s. and the Costs were£.5. 15s. id.i and in another Cause where the Debt was only .3. 3 the Costs amounted to £. 6. 6r.

Mr. James Bullock being examined, said, That if the Regulations now prayed for by the said Petition were granted, it would be of great Advantage to all Persons residing within the said Borough, and also be of great public Utility.

Then, to prove the Allegations of the last mentioned Petition, Mr. William Mason being examined, said.

That the Eastern Half of the Hundred of Brixton, is a Place of extensive Trade and Commerce, and Debts between 40$. and £.10 are frequently contrafted between Persons resident therein and the Tradesmen and Inhabitants of the Borough — that the Mode of Recovering the said Debts is very dilatory; and it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to Persons resident within the said Eastern Half of the Hundred of ton, as well as the Inhabitants of the Borough, if the Powers and Jurisdiction of the said Court of Record, under the Regulations prayed for by the present Application, were to be extended to the several Parishes, Precincts, and Liberties within the said Eastern Half of the Hundred of Brixton.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for diminishing the Fees payable, and altering the Mode of Proceeding, in the Court of Record of the Town and Borough of Southwark, with respect to Debts and Damages under a certain Value; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the said Court, as to the Recovery of such Debts and Damages, to the several Parishes and Places within the Eastern Half of the Hundred of Brixton, in the County of Surrey: And that Sir Hotham, Mr. Polhill, and Mr. Gofcoyne. Senior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

x The Lord Galway presented to the House, according jawtr_ to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of R«td. an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " An

9 S " Act

8oo ' i8° Februarii. 1782,

" Act for amending and wWening the from Haiti-,e try to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the South Side of " Worthily in the County of York, where it joins- the " Turnpike Hoad leading from Rotherham to Manchester," so far as the same relates to the Road leading from Bate try aforesaid to Tinjley, and through Part of the /own of Tinftey to the Place where the same joins the Road leading from Rotherham to Sheffield: And the same was received § and read tire Ftfft. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Coventry Ordered, That Mr. Pracd be added to the Gentle-

Small Debts, men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Kill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the City and County of the City of Coventryi and the Liberties thereof.

" Slaindrop, in the County of Durhamv and from the " fair! Turnpike Road, near Stnallways, across the " River Tees, to Winston, in the said County of Durham and for budding a Bridge over the said River at or near Winston Ford And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for naturalizing Charles Frederick Sckmoll, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elzocs, Mr. Frederick Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Schmoli'j

Nat.

Ordered, That Mr. Harrison have Leave to go into beareof the Country lor a Month, on his private Affairs. Abfeacc.

Ditto. Mr. Praed presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City and County of the City of Coventry, and the Liberties thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

WhitepariQi, The Lord Palmerston reported from the Committee, &c. Roads, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and u widening the Roads leading from a Pond belonging to Henry Eyre, Inquire, in the Parish of Whiteparish, " in the County of Witts, to the Top of Dunwood Hill, " and from thence over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge, through Romsey Infra, to Hundred Bridge, xt in the County of Southampton, and from thence to the County of the Town of Southamptonwas referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1.774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the

Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

William Daman, El'quire, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a contiderable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted; which Money, together with the Tolls collected, have been laid out for the Pui poses of the said Act — That the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired and kept in Repair, nor the said Money be repaid, unless the Term of the said Act, which is near expiring, be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Pond belonging to Henry Eyre, Esquire, in the Parish u of Whiteparish, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Dunwood Hill, and from thence over Great Bridge a :d Middle Bridge, through Romsey Infra, to Hun-m dred Bridge, in the County of Southampton, and from *f thence to the County of the Town of Southampton And that the Lord Palmerston and Mr. Hu fey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Gatherley M r. Chay for. presented to the House, according to iJcor Road*. Order,* a Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and

Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending and widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road u upon Gatherley Moor, in the County of York, to

18

Resolved, That whenever a Motion is made for Leave Resolutio* to withdraw a Petition, complaining of an undue Elec- respe&ng tion or Return of a Member to serve in Parliament, the Confederation and Debate thereof shall not be entered p^/on*. upon immediately, but the same shall be adjourned till Rich further Day as the House shall think fit to appoint; provided, that, Three Days at the least shall intervene between the Day on which such Motion is made, and the said further Day so to be appointed.

Ordered, That the said Resolution be made a Standing Order of this House.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take CricktoJe info further Consideration the Report from the SeJeft Eledio*. Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Samuel Petrie, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts.

And the said Report was again read.

And the Minutes of the Examination taken before the said Select Committee, were read.

Aud the first Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, "That there-was the " most notorious Bribery and Corruption at the last FJection of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for " the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts'*

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, " That the said Bribery " and Corruption require the most serious Consideration " of Parliament."

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts: And that Sir 11arbordHarbord, the Lord Althorpe, Sir Gilbert Elliot,

Mr. Pennington, Mr. Frederick, Sir Thomas Clarges,

Mr. Michel, Mr. James Phipps, Mr. Amcotts, Sir James Pennyman, Mr. Henry Razvlinfon, Mr. Holds-worth, the Lord Mi diet on, Sir George Yonge, and Mr.

George Onslow, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do not issue his Warrant, for the making out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Cricklade, before this Day Two Months, the 15th Day of April next.

Resolved, That this House will immediately resolve compjet;ftr itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the the Militia. Bill for keeping the Militia Forces of this Kingdom complete, during the Time therein to be mentioned.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr, Speaker left; the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.,

Mr.

2 2 Geo. III. 18" — 19* FebruariL 801

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House wiH please to receive tike fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Ordered, That the several Extracts of I^etters, Con- Bengal, citations, Correspondence, and other Papers, which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, be referred to the Select Committee appointed to take into Confederation the State of the Administration of Justice in tire Pro* vinces of Bengal, Baliar, and Orijj'a, and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House, with tliMr Observations thereupon.

tdenham Mr. Mcllifipresented to the House, according to i ttoad*. Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from a Place called Lit!legate, at the Top of Leadenham Hill, " in the County of Lincoln, to the West End of " Gale, in Nezvarkupon Trent, and from the Guide " Post at the Division of Kelham and Mujkham , " to Mansfield, an I from Southwell to in tire

" County of Nottingham-," and for repairing the Road from the West Side of Newark Bridge to the said Guide-Poll: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of tire Day being read; hrmji Resolved, That this (lloufe will. Tomorrow Morn*

finy and ing} ref0!ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tfcmon* upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, ¥ 9° dieFebruarii;

Anno 22* Georgii III"* Regis} 1782.

Ifccrofi BevcfWy oad.

Prayers.

ABI L L for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Road leading from While Cross, in the Parrfh of Leven, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Beverley, in the same County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Pcmiyman, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

John of Wapping, in the County of on Behalf

of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Pari ftp was referred; That tire Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had dirofted him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's 'Fable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the fairl Petition, Mr. William Elmefey being examined, said, That the Parish of Saint John, Wapjnng, is very populous — dhat the Poor therein are very numerous, and maintained at a very great Expence, the Poor's Rate in the said Pari fit being at present Five Shillings in the Pound.

That improper Powers were given for the better governi«gj|! maintaining, and regulating the said Poor, it would tend much to their Relief and Comfort, and be a great Saving to the Parish; and, from the granting of such further Powers as may be neceflhry.for tl>c Punisht inent of the Idle and Profligate, and providing for the Education of poor Children, very beneficial Effects, both to the Parish and the Public, would be produced.

That by Means of such Powefr»,'the Poor's Rates in the adjoining Parish ol Saint Gewhich till lately were as high as those now levied in the Parish of John, have been lowered to Two Shillings in the Pound, and the Poor are better provided for.

That the Buildings now used as a Workhouse in the said Parish of Saint John, are held on a Lease near expiring, are much out of Repair, and very unfit for the Purposes for which they are now ufeu; and that the providing of a proper Workhouse and Burial Ground thereto, would be of great Advantage to the Parish.

Mr. John Robinson being then examined, said. That a small Part of the East End of Lower and a small Part of the West End of Wapping High' Street, are so narrow, that no Carriage can pass — Tltat, by the widening of the said Street, and making a Bridge over Hermitage Dock, a good Communication may be' made for Carriages and Foot Passengers from Wapping High Street into Lozcer East Smith field — That the' making of such Opening, and also one from Charlotte Street to Upper East Smilhfieldiby forming a new Street

or Streets across certain Fields or Gardens, and through Black Hors'eYard, and from thence across East Smith-

field and RufemaryLane to1 Lemon Street, and a Stieet

or Streets from Nightingale Ln^into Virginia Street, and paving the said intended $^iets in a proper and commodious Way, and removing and preventing all Obstructions, Annoyances, and Incroachmerits therein, would be advantageous to the Parish of Saint , and the Neighbourhood, and of public Utility.

Mr. Thomas Coxhead being examined, confirmed the Whole of the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish- of Saint-John oj Wapping, in the County of Middlefe.x, and for providing a proper Workhouse and Burial Ground adjoining or near thereto; and for.opening certain Communications, and making, widening, and paving certain Streets within the said Parish and the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldgate; in the said

County: And that Mr. Byng and Mr. Alderman Wilkes do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

iaram'* A Bill for enlarging the Term of a Patent granted item to Anne Wharam, for making a certain Sort of Spring irrup. Stirrup, was read a Second Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Richard

Hill, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

pping Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the 1r and Petition of the several Perl'ons whose Names are there-

cet3- unto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint

VOL. 38.

A Petition of C7<?7n<*n/ Tudwcty, Robert Tudzcay, Charles gt. Cuthbert Tudway, Richard ChapleWhatley, Roger North, William Inclosure.

Ellis, William Kirton, James North, Charles Porch,

Richard Webb, Richard Webb the Elder,

Sarah Lax, James Baron, Caleb Headland, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, that a Bill is ordered to be brought into Parliament, for inclosing, dividing, and allotting certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Qut Parish of Saint Cuthbert in Wells, in the County

Sen

19* Februariu

A. 1782,

County of Somerset; which the Petitioners apprehend will be very injurious to their Rftates, and of no public Advantage: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against all and every Part of the said Bill affecting their Interest, in order that the same may not pass into a Law, or that they may have Inch other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Right Reverend Father in God Charles, by Divine Permission, Lord Bishop of Bath and Wells, and the Right honourable Thomas Lord Viscount Weymouth, and the humble Petition of Joftph Lovell, Esquire, Peter Sherston, Esqttire, Robert Esquire, John Band, Esquire, James Clark, Esquire, Charles Phelps, He my Phelps, William , Joseph

Tcek, George Tufon, William Counsell, Brookes,

William Lovell, and others.

Brecon «nd Mr. Morgan reported from the Committee, to whom

Hay Road, the Petition of several Owners of Estates and Inhabitants in the Neighbourhood of the Turnpike Road between the Towns of Brecon and Hay, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

And it appearing that no mention is made in the said Report, whether the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

Truro Roadi. Mr. Rofcwarne reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending several Roads leading from the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, to the Roads leading from Shortlanes End, in the Parish of Kcmxjyn, to Callejlock Burrow, and from The T100 Burrows in the said Parish, to Perron Alms House, and from The Three Burrows in the said Parish, to Saint Agnes Alms House, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Billion A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town Canal. of Huneaton, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, for Leave to bring in a BilWor making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal from the Coal s Mines in the Liberty of in the Parish of

verhampton, and in the several Parishes of Tipton alias Tibbington, and WeJIbromwich,

to or near Birmingham, and from the Neighbourhood of Birmingham to communicate with the Coventry Canal Navigation (intended to be completed between stone ami the Canal from the to the MerJ'cy) at or near Fazety, in the Parish of Drayton BaJJ'ett, in the County of Stafford-, and that the Petitioners conceive, if the proposed Navigable Cut or Canal should be made, it would be very advantageous to the said Town and

Neighbourhood of Nuneaton, and a great National Benefit: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

A Petition of the fevetal Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town of Rugby, in the County of Warwick, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Application; and setting forth. That in case the Bill mentioned in the said Petition should pass into a Law, the Petitioners conceive great Advantages would arise to the Public in general, and particularly to the Inhabitants of the Town of Rugby and its Environs, as, by Means of a Canal Communication between the said Mines and the Coventry and Oxford Canals, the Petitioners may be supplied with Staffordshire C02I upon much more reasonable Terms than they now are, or ever have been: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Navigable Cut or Canal, and that the same may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Tradeb men, Manufacturers, and others, of the Town of Birmingham, and the Counties of Wanoick and Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, is referred.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, who Were ei9kj appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near twc. expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued ;That the Committee had enquired accordingly, and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it iti at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to continue an Act, made in the " Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen " Anne, intituled, "An Act for the better Encourage- ment of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain," which was to continue in Force until the 29th Day of September 176 7, and from thence t Mhe End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by Two Acts, made in the Eighth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof until the 29th 1781,

and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported, and for reducing the Duties upon Beaver Skins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs, imported, and for Importation of all Furs of the Product of the British Plantations into this Kingdom only, and that the Two Corporations of Assurance on any Suits brought 011 their Policies, shall be liable only to Single Damages and Costs of Suit, as relates to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to tlm taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported, which was to continue in Force for Three Years, from the 25th Day of March 1722, and from thence to the End of t lie then next Selliou of Pari iament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Eleventh Year of the the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the Second, Eighth, Fifteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-sixth, and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty

2i Geo. III. io Februarii.803

Majesty King George the Second, and of the Sixth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, hath been continued until the 24th Day of June 17S1, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Revival of " an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of " his late Majesty King Geor the First, intituled, "An Act for the Free Importation of Cochineal during the " Time therein limited, and also for the free Importation of Indigo," which was to continue in Force from the 24th Day of June 1734, for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, passed in the Fourteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-third Years of his said late Majesty's Reign, and of the Seventh and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof until the 29th Day of September 1781, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for ft prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted " Abroad, and first composed, or written, and printed in Great Britain-, and for repealing so much of an " Act, made in the Eighth Y'ear of the Reign of her " late Majesty Queen Anneas impowers the limiting

" the Prices of Bookswhich Act was to continue in Force from the 29th Day of September 1739, ^or the Space of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, so far as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and first composed, or written, and printed in Great Britain, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Twentieth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-third Years of his late Majesty's Reign, and of the Seventh and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof until the 29th Day of September 1781, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued, with Amendments.

Re/blved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign-made Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom, and for charging all Foreign-made Sails with a Duty, and explainiugaDoubt concerning Ships being obliged, at their first setting out to Sea, to be furnished with one complete Set of Sails, made of British Sail Cloth, which was to continue inr Force from the 24th Day of June 1746, for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by Four subsequent Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and of the Sixth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1781, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing " a Bounty on the Exportation of British Corn and " Grain in Ships the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty," which was to be in Force until the 25th Day of March 1781; and which, by an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the ' Reign of His present Majesty, was revived and further ' VoL. 38.

continued until the 25th Day of March 1782, is near expired, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign, of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to allow " the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares, and " Merchandize, from Great Britain to certain Towns,

" Ports, or Places in North America,- which are or may " be under the Protefclion of His Majesty's Arms, and from such Towns, Ports, or Places, to Great Britain,

" and other Parts of His Majesty's Dominions," which was to be in Force until the ill Day o 1781, and which, by an Act made in the Twenty-first Year of the.

Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the ill Day of June 1782, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Twentieth Y'ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to impower <

" His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and to " restrain the carrying Coastwise of Copper in Bars,

" or Copper in Sheets, for a limited Time," which was to continue in Force until the ill Day of 1781, and which, by an Act made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty', was further continued until the ill Day of May 1782, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The First, Second, Third, Fifth, and Sixth Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were pollponed.

The Fourth, Seventh, and Eighth Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in pursuant to the Fourth, Seventh, and Eighth Resolutions of the said Committee', and which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Ordand Sir Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee

of the whole House, to whom it.is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of the Acts mentioned in the First, Second, Third, Fifth, and Sixth Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been pollponed.

Sir James Cockburne, from the Select Committee, who Newcastle were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the uP°n Tyne Petition of Thomas Delaval, Esquire, complaining of an Ele^lon-undue Election and Return for the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, informed the House,

That the said Select Committee have determined.

That AndrewRobinfon Bowes, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne.

And the said Determination was. ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Sir John Wrottesley reported from the Committee, to Stourbridge, whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed &c* Eoacls-for putting in Execution the Powers of an Act of Parliament, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for amending and widening the Road from the Market House in Stourbridge to Colly Gate in Cradley, and from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and from Colly Gate to Halesowen, and from the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood to Rednall Gi-eeti, in the Parish of Kingsnorton, and from Carter's Lane to the Bell Inn at Northfield, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, so far as the same relates to the said Roads leading from the Market House in Stourbridge to Colly Gate, and from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and from Colly Gate to Halesowen aforesaid, was referred; That the

9 T Committee

i <)* Februariu A. 1782.

Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth, viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Thomas Brettellbeing examined, said. That the . Tmftees have made a great Progress in the Repair of the said Roads, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls arising therefrom; which dill remain due and owing, and cannot be repaid, and the Roads effectually repaired, unless the Powers of the said Act be altered, amended, and enlarged, and in Part repealed. The Witness further said. That it would be of great public Utility, if Power was given to continue the said Road leading from Colli/ Gate to Halefozoen, from its present Termination at the

End of the Town of Halef, into the Turnpike Road leading out of the said Town of to Bir-

mingham, to unite and join with the said last mentioned Road, being about the Didance of Two hundred Yards. Mr. Richard Mee confirmed the above Evidence. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Market House in Stourbridge to Colly Gate in Cradley, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, so far as the same relates to the Roads leading from the Market House mStaurbridge to Colly Gate, and from Pedmore to

Holly Hall, and from C Gate to Halesowen; and for opening a more commodious Communication with the Birmingham Turnpike Road: And that Sir John Wrotlejley, the Lord Leioi/ham, and Mr. Foley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Birmingham A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are CanaL thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Banbury, in the County of Oxford: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Brackley, in the County of Northampton: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation to make and maintain an ExtenGon of Canal

from the Parish of Wefbromwich to Broadwater Fire Engine, and to make Six Collateral Cuts ' from the same to lead to several Coal Mines;

and setting forth. That the Petitioners find that Application hath been made to the House for a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the said Coat Mines to communicate with the Coventry Canal Navigation at Fazeley; and representing to the House, that if the said Canal, intended to be made to join the Coventry Canal as aforesaid, should be carried into Execution, the same would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioners, and the other Inhabitants of the said Towns and Neiglfoour-hood of Banbury, Brackley, and Buckingham, as an easy Communication would thereby be made between the said Coal Mines and the said Towns and-Neighbourhood, whereby the Petitioners

and the said other Inhabitants would be enabled to procure Coals at a much more easy and cheap Rate than at present; but the Petitioners.under* Hand, that in case the said Bii'ihingham Canal should be extended, and the said Collateral Cuts made as proposed by the said Bill, the same will prevent the making the said intended Canal to join the Coventry Canal Navigation as aforesaid, and will also prevent the Petitioners receiving any Benefit from the said Coal Mines, to their great and manifest Disadvantage: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and that the Bill brought in for extending the said Birmingham Canal, and making the said Collateral Cats as aforesaid, may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Compton Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for keeping the Militia Forces of this Kingdom complete, during the Time therein to be mentioned, was committed, the {Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir Adam F do make the AvtBwL Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Henry Duke of Bucckugh, and the humble Petition of

Archibald Douglas of Douglas, John Hamilton of Sun-drum, Akxander Ferguffon of Craigdarroch, Hat Campbell, David Ferguson, Alexander Wight, John Campbell, Andrew Crosby, George Home, Alexander Mekonochic, and John Syme, Esquires, by the Subscribers, bemgaQuorum of the Committee appointed for managing the Affairs of the Bank of , was referred.

Sir Adam Fcrgitffbn accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing further Time to negociate by Indorsement the Bonds issued in pursuance of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for more effectually carrying into " Execution certain Proposals made by the MoftKoble " Henry Duke of Buceleugh, the Most Noble Charles " Duke of Queeiijberry and Dover, and others, for " redeeming the Annuities granted by the Company of " the Bank of Ayr, in that Part of Great Britain called " Scotland, known'under the Firm of Douglas, Heron,

" and CompanyAnd that Sir Adam Ferguffon and the Lord- Advocate of Scotland do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill

i^-

rerfliam, u Road.

Army *

utiny and hclenion»

ampering vith a k itncfs.

minghim

Canal*

22 Geo. III. 190 — 20 805

A Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* for amending and widening the Road leading from the High Post Road near the Town of Faverjkam, by Bacon's Water, through Afford\to the Town and Port of

Hythe, in the County of and from Bacon's

Water to a certain Lane called in Wine heap,

near the City of Canterbury, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Honeywood, Mr. Marfiam, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desert ion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Attendance of Thomas Broughton, Currier;

Ordered, That the said Thomas Broughton do attend this House upon Friday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to enable the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation to make amd fnaintain an Extension of Canal from the Parish of Westbromwichto Broadwater Fire Engine, and to make Six Collateral Cuts from the same, to lead to several Coal Mines;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " now."

And the Question being put. That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment being proposed to be made to the Question, by adding, at the End thereof, the Words " upon this Day Sevennight."

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the Word Seven-night," in order to insert the Words " Six Months" indead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Word ,f Seventlight" (land Part of the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

47:

145.

So was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " upon *« this Day Sevennight," be added at the End of the

Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow - Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 38.

Mercurti) 2 o° die Februarii;

Anno 22° Georgii IIIUI Regis, 1782.

ThAvers.

MR. Alderman Itarley reported from the Com- Tenbury mittee, to whom the Petition of fevetwl Truf- Road*, tees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty King Ce^ee the Second, intituled, "An Act for amend- ingjJJK^tening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads " iniMpiear to the Town of Tenbin the Counties " of Salop, Worcejtei', and Herefordand also of feve-

ral Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the said Counties, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as so'lloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the Pud Petition, the said Act was read: And,.

Mr. JonathanGreen being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have borrowed tire Sum of £. 1,200 upon the Credit thereof, which now remains due. Then,

A Member present informed your Committee, That some Parts of the Road directed to be repaired by the said Act, are still very much out of Repair, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, the Tolls increased, and some additional Powers granted.

And he added. That the Road leading from a Place called The Knoiole Gate; through the Parities of Burford and Cam ham, over the Clee Hill, to the Turnpike

Road on the said Clee Hill leading from the Town of Ludlow to Cleobury Mortimer, in the said County of

Salop, and also the Road leading from Kyre Milt, through the Parish of Kyre, in the County of Worcester, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Bromyard, in the County of Hereford, to the Town of Tenbury, in the County of Worcester, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages, and cannot be effectually amended.

Widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; — that the said Roads communicate with orlienear to the Roads comprized in the said Act, and it would be very advantageous if Provision was made in the said Act for the Turpose of amending and repairing the fame, and putting them under the Care of the said Trust.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for reviving and continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Thirtieth Year of his late'

Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening,

" and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near to the Town of Tenbury, in the Counties of,

" Worcester, and Herefordand for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the Gate to the Turnpike Road on the Clee Hill, leading from Ludlow to Cleobury Mortimer, and from Kyre,

Mill to the Turnpike Road leading from Bromyard to Tenbury, in the said Couifties: And that Mr. Alderman Harley and Sir George Cornewall do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Alderman Newnham reported from the Com- Repairing of

mittee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Al- Newgate, dermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in

Common

Completing

the

Militia.

806

Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Peti-tition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as folfoweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, wherein the Sum of £. 10,000 was granted towards rebuilding H is Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, in the City of

was read: And,

George Dance, Esquire, Surveyor to the City of London, being examined, said. That the Gaol of Newgate being in a great Measure burnt and demolished during the Riots and Insurrections in the Month of June 1780, the Sum of £. 10,000 was granted by Parliament towards building the fame.

That the said Gaol being under the immediate Care and Di rest ion of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of Lond, they have proceeded, with all the Dispatch in their Power, to lay out the Money so granted by Parliament, in repairing and rebuilding the said.Gaol, and particularly in providing different Apartments for the Reception of Prisoners.

That the Middle Quadrangle, with the Chapel and I-odge, is now completed, and it is intended to remove the Prisoners into the Middle Quadrangle at the present Se (lions.

That a spacious Infirmary has been built, the Cells for condemned Prisoners repaired, the Press Yard paved, and the Passage to convey the Prisoners to the Sessions House is nearly finished.

That the Bills for the Works already done, amount to the Sum of £.11,871. 4$. 4 of which the Sum of £.2,194, \s. 4 {d.now remains due.

That the Estimate for completing the Works necessary to be done to the said Gaol, amounts to £,19,000. if. id. which, with the Money already expended, makes the Sum of £.31,398. of 10 including the Sum of £.526. 15. 5 advanced for Fees and Disbursements in obtaining the Grant of the said Money.

That the Excess of £. 871. 5f. 5 above the Estimate delivered to the Committee of this honourable House, in the last Session, was occasioned by the Committee for building the Gaol finding it necessary, in the Prosecution of the Works, to have some intire new cross Walls built in the Centre Quadrangle of the Gaol; some Stone Cells erected for refractory Prisoners, with other additional Works.

Mr. William Montague, principal Clerk in the Chamberlain's Office, being then examined, said, That the Sum of £. 10,203. i8f. 5 d.has been paid out of the Chamberlain's Office, upon Account of the Works done to Newgale, and upon Account of the incidental Fees payable at the Exchequer, and the Expences attending the Application to Parliament. And the Witness added, that the City of London have no Fund established for the Purpose of completing the re-building and repairing Newgate,

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for keeping the Militia Forces of this Kingdom complete, during the Time therein to be mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for keeping the Militia Forces of this Kingdom complete during the Time therein mentioned.

-^.1781

Ordered, That the Lord Beauchamp do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to confirm, and carry into Exc- Ctl? cution, certain Articles of Agreement entered into be- Corner, Sc. tween the Right honourable James Earl of Salisbury and the Trustees appointed by and under several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield Chace, in the Parish of South Mims, in the Count}1- of to Lemf-

ford Mill, in the County of Hertford, and for tnrning and altering the said Road in the Manner mentioned in the said Agreement, was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to confirm, and carry into Execution, certain Articles of Agreement entered into between the Right honourable James Earl of and the

Trustees appointed by and under several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield Chace, in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of r, to Lemsford

Mill, in the County of Hertford, and for turning and altering the said Road in the Manner mentioned in the said Agreement.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for extending the Provisions of an Ttw#l«4 Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending several Roads leading from the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, to the Roads leading from Shortlancs End, in the Parish of Kenwyn, to Callejlock Burrow, and from The T100 Burrows in the said Parish, to Perran Alms House, and from The' Three Burrows in the said Parish, to Saint Agnes Alms House, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act,

made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending several Roads leading from the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, to the Roads leading from Shortlancs End, in the Parish of Kenwyn, to Callejlock Burrow, and from The Two Burrows in the said Parish, to Perran Alms House, and from The Three Burrows in the said Parish, to Saint Agnes Alms House, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Rofewarne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Harbord Harbord presented to the House, ac- cridln cording to Order, a Bill for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to servein Parliament for the Borough of Cricklude, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 7th Day of March next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Penton, from the Commissioners for executing N17 M the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, as it Hood on the 3 ill December 1781.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

20® Februarii.

Navy

n Geo. Ilf.

S6‘

eoruarit.

So 1

Navy Office, 7 nth February1782.5

Ay ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, on the Heads hereafter mentioned, as it flood on the 31st December 1781.

Heads of the Naval Kilimates.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, Extra Repairs, and Transports.

Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, Sic", supplied for the Service thereof - - .

For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty's several Yards, fife*, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1781, as also to feverat Bills of Exchange -To His Majesty's several Yards and Rope Yards for the Ordinary and Extraordinary -

For Half Pay to Sea Officers, according to an EstablHh-ment made by his late Majesty in Council on that Behalf

Seamen's Wages.

Due to pay the Men unpaid on Books of Ships paid off To Ships in Sea Pay on the aforesaid 31st December 1781 To discharge and pay off all the Bills entered in Course for Slop Clothes, Bedding for Seamen, Surgeon's Necessaries, Free Gifts, &<?.

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz*.

Due for short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty's Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off -For paying off all Bills entered on their Course -For Provisions delivered, and Services performed for which no Bills w'ere made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1781 For necessary Money, extra D* Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies ——

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports -

Sick and Wounded, the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; 012*.

Due for Quarters and Cure of Sick and Wounded Seamen set on Shore from His Majesty's Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to the said Office ——

The Total amounts to the Sum of Twelve Millions Two hundred Seventy-four thousand Five hundred and Ninety-nine Pounds Eleven Shillings -From whence deduding the Money T

in the Treasurer's Hands - 1 as on the other f -

And also the Money that remained j Side. I to come in of the Supplies - £ J *

The Debt will then be Eleven millions Three hundred Eighteen thousand Four hundred and Fifty Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three Pence Farthing -

N. B. In this Debt is included for Charge of Transports and Army Victuallers, between iff; January 1781 and 31st December following - -

And it appears by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers and Prisoners of War between 1HJanuary 1781 and 31st December following, amounts to -

For which Sum of £. 958,890. 5. 3. no Provision has been made by Parliament; but if thought fit to be granted, as the like Service was provided for in former Years,

The Nett Debt of the Navy will then be Ten millions Three hundred Sixty thousand One hundred and Sixty Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Farthing -

Particulars.

£' s-4,717,224 tl 7'

758,430 »5 )

185,027 ——

93,105 18 9,

664,059 12 8

i,973»93o — —

233>94i 15 8

20,057 17 2

3,248,772 l8 2

92,362 17 7 )

75.1°3 12 4

21,158 18 7-J

t*

p 1* 9

204,361 27}

751,787 11 if)

912,563 18 — '

45,726 7 3

TOTAL.

5,753.788 4 3

2,871,931 8 4

3.45^.456 3 1®

i9i»423 14 1

12,274,599 ii —

| 956,148 13 8*

11,318,450 17 3$

958,290 5 3

10,360,160 12 — 4

Cha' Middleton, /. Willi&ms, Edwd Hunt, Geo. , E. t* , Sam. Wallis.

Vol. 38.

9 (J Memorandum t

1

Memorandum: There was remainiatg in the Hands of the late and present Treasurer of the Navy, on the 31st December 1781, til Money; as under-ttientioned, and may be reckoned

towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt j)f the Navy.

\ 1 f On the HEADS of

In what TREASURER'S 1 - In MONEY. ( Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports. Seamen's Wages. ViflTuals. " TOTAL.

Right honourable Sir G/Z6‘ Elliot, Baronet - \ In Money - -- -- - b D° towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen - £. s. d 7,301 9 utf £. s. d. 2,580 3 7 2&3 *9 7i 1 1 1 1 Co - - 1 - 3 £r S. Jo, M5 r3 d'. 2

Right honourable fare Ellis, Esquire C In Money - - - j. D® towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen - , $14,761 11 1©£ 72,422 11 8i 3,651 — 5 23,3 5 5i\ - 3 - - r94,2ij 9 5

r 102,063 1 10J 7S*917 *5 3i k 23,380 5 5? - 204,361 2 7

ra

O

; ®

5

ft

3:

C

7*; 1,787

11

d.

K

K

GQ

There remained, ©n the 31st December 1781, to come in from the Exchequer of the Supplies of the Year 1781

8Q8

7avs and tdcans*

Account of Ordnance Dprdt Bills.

Account of Ordnance Debt.

Ordnance

Transports.

Account of Ordnance Stores.

Account of Ordnance Charge.

Account of Coll of Powder Mills.

Motion re-fpcfting Na* val Affairs.

Ll

22 GeOj lit

2 o ® — - 2 i0Pebruarii.

Ordered, That the raid Eftithate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Dav, for thfe House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider stirtherof Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported front the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House Will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Kenrick presented to the House, pdrfuant to their Order,

An Account of the Ordnance Imprest Bills, bearing Ipterest, issued and outstanding before the 13th of February'Yj^i } distfnguishing the Issues of each Year. .* ' '

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Ta4 ble, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Amount of the Debt due from the Office of Ordnance on the 31 ft Day of Decemberlaft, or as far as the same can be made up; distiuguishing the several Heads of such Debt.

And the same were read accord irtgly.

The House was also moved. That the Extra&t of a Letter from Lord Viscount , One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, dated the ill of September 1781, Two o'Clock P. M. might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Questioit being pnt. That it appears to this House, that there has been great Mismanagement in the Conduct of His Majesty's Naval Affairs, in the Year 1781;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

m 11 r .1 v (Mr. William )

Tellers for the Yeas,} Mf . j«7.

Tellers for the Noes f The Lor<J 7

1 elJers lor the JNoes, Mp <yo/m: J 2 3b*

So it passed in the Negative.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 11 tii Day of this Instant February, for the House to be called over Tomorrow, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 28th Day of this Instant February.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 2 2° d

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, ail Account of Transports taken up and contracted for by the Beard of Ordnance, from the 25th o 1777 to the 20th of February 1782; distinguishing each Year; specifying also the Manner of hiring, the Names of the Persons who provide them, the Tonnage, the Time of Employment, the Demurrage, the Loss of Ships, the Price, and the Manner of Payment.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sales of old Ordnance Stores, from the ill of January 17 76 to the ill of January 1782; distinguishing each Year, and how the Product of such Sales has been applied.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, an Account of the Charge of the Ordnance for the Sea Service, with the Sums received by the Board of Ordnance upon that Account, from the id of January 1776 to the ill of January 1782; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the first Cost. of the Powder Mills under the Direction of the Ordnance, the Annual Experice attending them, and the Quantity of Gunpowder made in them in each Year, from their first Commencement to the Year 1781, inclusive.

The House was moved. That the several Papers which were presented to the House by the Lord Midgrave upon the 4th, 5th, and 6th'Days of this Instant February, might be read,

Vol. 38.

Anno 22* Georgii' III,a Regis, 1782. Prayers.

ABILL for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending and widening the Road from " Raivtry to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the South " Side of Worthy, in the County of York, where it " joins the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham to " Manchester," so far as the same relates to the Road

leading from B aw try aforesaid to Tinjlcy, and through Part of the Town of Tinjley to the Place where the same joins the Road leading from Rotherham to Sheffieldi was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Melli/hi Sir John Thorold,&c.: And they. are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from a " Place called Litllegate, at the Top of I^eadenham Hill,

" in the County of Lincoln, to the West End of -

" by Gate, in Newark upon Trent, and from the Guide " Poll at the Dtvision of Kelham and Mujkham Lancs,

" to Mansfield, and from Southivell to Oxton, in the " County of Nottingham," and for repairing the Road from the West Side of Newark Bridge to the said Guide

Poll, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr, MeUffh,

Sir

Call of the House.

Committees,

Supply.

Bawtry, &s. Road.

Leadenhatn Hill Roads.

Leave of Absence.

Wav* and Means.

81 o i 26 Februarii. 1782;

Sir John Thorold, Sec. :And they ire to meet this-After-

noon, at Five of the CJock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. William Lmotlier have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to cojifider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now received.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolurtions which the Committee had di-fe&ecf him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow-fcth; viz.

Refulved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the MHi-tiain that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, be defrayed hut of the Monies arising by the Land Tax granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to continue an Act, made in the Twelfth " Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain," which was to continue in Force until the 29th Day of September 1767, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by Two Acts made in the Eighth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof until the 29th Day of September 1781, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That fer much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for the Encouragement of the Silk Mauufactures of this Kingdom, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported, and for reducing the Duties upon Beaver Skins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs, imported, and for Importation of all Furs of the Pro-dust of the British Plantations into this Kingdom only, and that the Two Corporations of Assurance on any Suits brought on their Policies {half be liable only to Single Damages and Costs of Suit, as relates to the En- eouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to the taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported, which was to continue in Force for Three Years, from the 25th Day o 172a, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the Second, Eighth, Fifteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-sixth, and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the Sixth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, hath been continued until the 24th Day of June 1781, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reigir of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Revival " of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign " of his late Majesty King the First, intituled,

An Act for the free Importation of Cochineal during " the Time therein limited, and alf'o for the free Impoflatiou of indigo," which was to continue in Force from the 24th Day of June 1734, for the Term of Se-

vern Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, passed in the Fourteenth, Twentieth, Twentjr-seventh, and Thirty-third Years of his said late Majesty's Reign, and of the Seventh and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof until the 29th Day of September 1781, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it Is the Opinion of this Committed, That an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign*made Sail Goth imported into this Kingdom, and for charging alt Foreign made Sails with a Duty, and for explaining a Doubt concerning Ships being obliged, at their first felting out toSea, to be furnitbea with One complete Set of Sails made of British Sail Cloth, which was to continue in Force from the 24th Day of June 1746, for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by Four subsequent Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and of the Sixth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His present. Majesty, was further continued until the 24th Day of 1781, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fitta be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British Coru " and Grain in Ships the Property of Persons of any " Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty," which was to be in Force until the 25th Day of March

1781, and which, by an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was revived and further continued until the 25th Day of March

1782, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Ord and Sir Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Fourth, Seventh, and Eighth of the Resolutions which upon Tuesday last were reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to he revived or continued, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the Five last of the said Resolutions now agreed to by the House.

Sir Thomas Egerton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentle- n-l" men. Clergy, Merchants, Land Owners, principal Inhabitants, and Tradesroeu, within the County Palatine of Lancaster, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to- the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after wards delivered it in at the Clerk'sTable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Bryan Grey was examined; who said, That the present County Bridge over the River adjoining to the

Town of Lancaster, is very ancient, and greatly gone to Decay, and is too narrow to admit of Two Carriages to pass each other, and it is ilkewife very inconveniently situated.

That it would be of great public Convenience if a new Bridge was erected over the said River, about

Sixty

2i Geo. III.

'2 2® Febru

811

Sixty Roods above the present Bridge, from a Piece of Waste Ground within the Town of I,one after, called The Green Area, to a certain other Piece of Waste Ground opposite to Skerton CroJ's, in the Township of Skerton, in the said County of with fnffieient

Ramparts, Wing Walls, Banks, and other Works,'and if proper and convenient Roads and Avenues were made thereto.

And the Witness further said, That the Corporation of the Town of Lancafhr have resolved to give and grant, forever, a Road of Twenty Yards wide over the faVl Green Area, for a Passage to the intended Bridge; and have agreed to make, and for ever support and maintain, the said Road at their own Expence.

And he added, That the Expence of building the

new Bridge has been estimated, and will coll the Sum of Six thousand Pounds.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a new Bridge in (lead of the present ancient Bridge, commonly called Lancaster Bridge, at a more convenient Place over the River Loyne, near the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Sir Thomas Egert, Mr. Stanley, Mr. dyll, and Mr. Abraham do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

rtforct, A Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act of the First Road». Year of ilis present Majesty, for amending the Road from Dartford to Northfleet, and other Roads, in the County of Kent; and for allowing an Annual Payment out of the Tolls ariOng upon the said Roads to, the Trustees for the Care of the Road leading from ter to Maidftoiie, in the said County, to be applied for the Furnofes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Reftolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mar-sham, Mr. Towti/hend,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

nrroefs ' Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Invernefts, in the room of Lieutenant General Simon Frafter, deceased.

b'ffeli'* Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, to whom the lat. Bill for naturalizing Frederic was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had dtrested him to report the Bill to the' House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the C lerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

arton, ' Mr. Alderman Harley reported frotn the Committee,'

Roads, to whom the Bill for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading frotn the Turnpike Road

near Barton, to MonklandMill, and from the Turnpike Road on Fair Mile Field to the Tnrtipike Road at Broad Heath, and from the Turnpike Road at or near the Fords Bridge to the Turnpike Road near Stockton,

and from Kyre Common to the Turnpike Road at Gren-

don Green, in the Counties of Hereford and Worcester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the Ijoufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quetlion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vol. 38.

Ordered, That Mr. Hunter Blair be added to the Ayr Bank. # Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for allowing further Time to negociate by Indorsement the Bonds issued in pursuance of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His, present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution certain Proposals made by. the Most Noble Henry Duke of the Molt

Noble Charles Duke of Queensberry and Dover, and,

" others, for redeeming the Annuities granted by the " Company of the Bank of Ayr, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, known under the Firm of " Douglas, Heron, and Company."

Mr. Alderman Harley presented to the House, ac- Tenbury cording to Order, a Bill for reviving and continuing Roads, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near to the Town of Tenbunj, in the Counties of Salop, Worcester, and Hertford and for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the KnotvleGate to the Turnpike Road on the Clee

Hill leading from Ludlow to Cleobury Mortimer, and from Kyre Mill to the Turnpike Road leading from Bromyard to Tenbury, in the said Counties: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Reftolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Adam Fergujfon presented to the House, according Ayr Bank, to Order, a Bill for allowing further Time to negociate by Indorsement the Bonds mued in pursuance of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty. intituled, "An Act for more effectually carry ine into Execution certain Proposals made by the " Most Noble Hemy Duke of Buccleugh, the Moll " Noble Charles Duke of Queensberry and Dover, and " others, for redeeming the Annuities granted by the " Company of the Batik' of Ayr, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, known under the Firm of " Douglas, Heron, and Company:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Reftolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Robert iMwley presented to the House, according Taraw«rtk to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of RMdi. an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several " Roads leading to and through the Borough of worth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, and Derby:" And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom Schmoll's the Bill for naturalizing Charles Frederick Schmoll, was N«. committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers Gatherlev of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His Moor Raid*, preftiit Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending and " widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road upon " Gatherley Moor, in the County of to Staindrop,

" in the County of Durham, and from the said Turnpike Road near Smallways, across the River Tees,

" to Winston, in the said County of Durham', and for " building a Bridge over the said River at or near Winston Ford," was read a Second Time.

Reftolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chaytor,

Mr, Roftewarne, &c.:' And they are to meef this Afternoon, at Five of the~ Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

9 X Mi-

Hal 'worthy* &c. Roads.

Army; Mutiny and Dclcrtiou.

?oor

Rtmovalt.

Papist* Deeds and Wills.

Supply,

812 2 2* Februarii. A. 17

Mr. Chaytor reported from 1 he Committee, to whom

the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " Roads from Haleicorthy, in the Parish of

in the County of Cornwall, to the Eart End of " Wadebridge, in the said County, and from the West

End of Wadebridge aforesaid into and through the " Borough of Mitchell, in the said County," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to reportlhe fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed];

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr..... Borlace produced a List of Creditors under the Act; arid being examined, informed your Committee, That the Sum of £.1.775 ‘s now due to Mortgagees of the Tolls, besides Interest — That the Trustees have proceeded in the Repair of the Roads; that several of them are dill greatly out of Repair, and cannot be put into fnflicient Repair, and the Whole kept so without the further Aid of Parliament.

The same Witness being further examined, said, That the Persons who have signqd the Petition aft upon the Eastern Division of Road only; that the Eastern Part of the Roads is very much out of Repair; and he said, he believed some Parts of the Western Roads are bad, rough, and stony in many Places.

And being asked. What the Income of the Eastern Division was ? he answered, Not sufficient to pay the Interest of the Money borrowed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Haleworthy, in the Parish of Davidflow, in the County of Comical/, to the East End of Wadebridge, in the said County, and from the West End of Wadebridge aforesaid, into and through the Borough of Mitchell, in the said County: And that Mr. Chaytor, Sir William Lemon, and Mr. , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Old, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defection, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question sevendly put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill to prevent Vexatious Removals of the Poor, be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing further d ime for Inrollment of D^eds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers: And that Sir Philip Jennings and

Mr. Hartley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House 18

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Home, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Copy of the Decree of the Commissioners impowered by His Majesty for carrying into Execution Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of His Reign, for securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at so far

as relates to the Lands to be purchased in Devonshire, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Decree of the Cwu-missioners impowered by His Majesty for carrying into Execution Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of His Reign, for securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Plymouth, so far as relates to the Lands to be purchased in Cornwall, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Lpave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Sir John Wrotteflcy presented to the House, according Stour, to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the First Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Stone to Creen Gate,

and from the West End of Bilston Sheet in Wolverhampton, to The High Street, opposite The Old Rush, in Dudley, and from a Place called Burnt Tree, near Dudley, to Birmingham, and from the Market Cross in Wolverhampton to Cannock, in the Counties of Stafford, Worcester, and Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Wrottesley presented to the House, according Stonrkmt to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of to join the

Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal at or near S/our-ton, in the County of Stafford, and also Two Collateral Cuts therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Wrottesley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill lor continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Market House in Stourbridge to Colly Gate in Cradley, and other Roads therein mention-

ed, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and so far as the same relates to the Roads leading from the Market House in Stourbridge to Colly Gate, and from Pedmoreto Holly//a#, and from

and for opening a more commodious Communication

with

12 Geo. III.

22 ° Februarii.

with the Birmingham Turnpike Road: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

litfulved. That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Tampering Thomas Broughton, of Honiton, Currier* attending, with a according to Order, was called in to the Bar; and the

Wisuefs. Complaint made to the House upon the 28th Day of January last, being read to him, together with the Minutes of the Evidence given at the Bar of this House on the same Day by James Reed, relative to the Matter of the said Complaint, by which the said Thomas Broughton, was charged with attempting, by Persuasions and Threats, to prevent the said Janes Reed from attending as a Witness to be examined before a Select Committee, to be appointed for the Hearing the Matters of the fe-vera! Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of in the County of

Devon-, the said Thomas Broughton denied the Truth of the said Charge.

Then the said James Reed was collect in; and, at the Bar, heard and examined in the Presence of the said Thomas Broughton ;'and'being withdrawn, the said Thomas Broughton was heard; and having proposed to the House to call several Witnesses in his Defence, the said Witnesses were called in to the Bar, and examined.

And then the said Witnesses, and the said Thomas Broughton, were severally directed towilhdraw.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Complaint be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

CoWiam, &c. Mr. Norton reported from the Committee, to whom Bridget, the Petit ion oft he several Noblemen, Gentlemen.Clergy,

and Freeholders of the County of whose Names

are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition j and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Hammond was examined; who said, That he had known Cohham Bridge Twenty Years; that it is ! a very narrow Bridge, and Two Carriages cannot pass each other; that it is locked up with a Bar in the Day Time, which is taken down at Night, but that he never knew any Toll paid for passing over the Bridge. Then, Mr. Joseph Pic/stone informed your Committee, That the said Bridge is private Property, One Halfof it being the Property cf Thomas Page, Esquire, and the other Half the Property of t heRevercnd Dr. Richard Palmer, and Thomas Hurst, Esquire; that the said Parties have been applied to, and consent to give up their Property in the said Bridge, upon its being made a public County Bridge, and supported by the County at large; that they have also agreed to give the Sum of Four hundred Pounds/, together with the old Materials, and likewise to give Libert}' to dig Brick Earth and Sand, and to cut Fuel, for the Purpose of rebuilding the Bridge. And, Mr. John Smith produced a Record of Conviction upon a Trial at the Assizes, whereby it appeared, that Cobham Bridge is private Propert}-, and liable to be shut up;and that the Proprietors are not obliged to open it either by Night or Day, except in 'pme of Floods. Then,

Several Members present gave the following Information; viz. One Member said. That he had met with great Difficulty and Danger in parting over the lliver in the N ight, when the Bar was up; — another, That he was irt great Danger from the Water coining into his Chaise, when he was parting the Ford atthe Time the Bar Was up; — another, That he was very near being drowned in parting over the River, and that it is highly necessary the Bridge should be opened , — and another Member tfoitl, That lie lives in the Neighbourhood, and it is the Desire of all the Inhabitants that the Bridge should be an Vet. 38.

open Bridge; and that it is at present the moll dan* gerous Place in the County.

'Sir.Hammond being again called, was examined with respect to the State of Godalming Bridge, and said, That it is a very narrow Bridge, and always locked up, except in Time of Floods; that it is upon the great Road from London to Portsmouth, and is the Property of Miss Ma-

ly neut, who repairs it by the Tenure of her Estate. And,

William Man God/J/ur//, Esquire, informetl vour Committee, That Miss Molyneux has consented to give up her Property in the said Bridge* together with the old Materials, and Liberty to dig Brick Earth upon the Waste of her Manor, upon its being made a public County Bridge, and supported by the County at large. Then,

Several Members present said, Thnt they have voluntarily given Money for passing over Godalming Bridge, but that no Toll was demanded; that the Passage through the Water, when the Bridge is locked, is at all Times very dangerous to Persons not well acquainted with the Place, and that there were numberless 1 nltances of Accidents having happened.

Mr. David May being examined as to the State of leather head Bridge, said. That it is a very narrow Bridge, and the Parapet Wall so low, that lie has seen Sheep jump over it, and has heard of many Accidents happening to Persons in parting the Bridge; that it is not an open Bridge, except when the Water is high, being (lopped up by a Bar at each End, but that no Toll is demanded for parting over; that the Inhabitants think they have a Right to keep the Bar up, except in Time of Floods, and then the Churchwardens give Orders for opening it; that it is the Property of the Parishes of Leatherhead and Fetcham; that there is a

PieceofLand at Lcptherhead appropriated to the Repair of this Bridge, which is let for Eighteen Shillings a Year, and he has heard there was Land at Fetcham for the same Purpose; that there was a Rate at Fetcham last Year for repairing the Bridge; that several Sums of Money are paid Yearly for Carriages parting the Bridge, and having the Bar always tak-n down for them; that the Portsmouth Coach pays Two Guineas a Year, and he believes the Guildford Coach pays the fame; that the Land Frigate from , pays

Two Guineas a Year, and a Mr. Clayton used to pay Five Shillings a Year; that he never knew any Rate at Leatherhead for repairing the Bridge, but it has been done by the Rent of the Piece of Land, and Money given by Persons for parting over. Then,

Mr. Thomas Withall,(Churchwarden of the Parish of

Fetcham) was examined; who said, That the Parish are willing to give up their Property in the Bridge, upon its being made an open Bridge; that they had a Rate of Three Halfpence in the Pound, about Two Years ago, for repairing the Bridge; that he has heard of Accidents happening to Carriages passing, and there are several Instances of Horses going over the Parapet Wall ;and that lie saw the Ports mouth Coach overturned, about Two Years ago, near the Entrance to the Bridge, which is very dangerous.

Being asked, If there had not been Lands within the said Parish, the Rents of which were appropriated to the Repairs of this Bridge? lie said, There is such a Tradition; but he had enquired of the old eft People in the Parish, who knew nothing about it, nor where the Land laid.

Mr. Aaron Wickham (Churchwarden of the Parish of Leatherhead) informed your Committee.That at a Vef-try lately held, the Parish were willing to give up their Property in the Bridge, upon its being marie an open Bridge, but that they were not willing to give up a Piece of Land (about Two Acres and a Half, lying in the Common Field) which has been appropriated for the Repair of the Bridge, and is now in the Occupation of Mr. Clair, and let for Eighteen Shillings a Year.

Several

8j4 220 — -250 Februarii. A. 1782.

Several Members present informed your Committee, received His Majesty4s gracious Affurnnces, may, by ft That there is great Danger in parting over the find happy Reconciliation with the revolted Colonies, lie Bridge on Account of the Lovvnel's of the Parapet Wall, forwarded and made effectual; to which great End Mis and that few People will venture to ride aerofs; that Majesty's faithful Commons will be ready most cheat-the Water is at all limes so high as to run into Car- fully to give their utmost A flirt an ce; riages passing over, if they go the leart out of the The House vvas moved, That the Petition of thfe Track. Tjien, Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the City of

Mr. George Gwilt (a Surveyor) being examined, said, Bristol\ which was presented to the House upon the That he has i'urveyed the Three Bridges, — That Cobham 28fli Day of January last, might be again read.

Bridge is 143 Feet long, and from 12 Feet Inches to And the same was read accordingly.

14 Feet 11 Inches wide, in the clear Carriage Wav; that The House was also moved, That the Petition of the

it is a very ruinous Bridge, and very inconvenient for Carriages, as Two cannot pass without Danger. — That Godalming Bridge is 95 Feet long, and from 10 Feet 1 Inch to 11 Feet 3 Inches wide; that there is a Parapet Wall on each Side, about 3 Feet high; that the Arches and Piers, as well as the Parapet, are much bulged out, and therefore very dangerous and inconvenient for Carriages, and that Two cannot pass each other. — That Leatherhead Bridge is 244 Feet long, and from 8 Feet 9 Inches to 9 Feet 6 Inches wide; that the Bridge is so narrow, and the Parapet Wall so low, (being about 3 Feet in Height) that it is dangerous for One Carriage to pass; that the Arches, as wreil as the Parapet Walls, are in a very ruinous Condition; but that the Piers are not proposed to be taken down.

And the Witness further said, That he hadeftimated the Expence of rebuilding Cobham and Godalming Bridges, and of widening and repairing Lealherhead Bridge.

That Cobham Bridge is proposed to be rebuilt with Brick, and to have Stone Copings, which will coll £. 1,500; that it is to be 22 Feet wide in the Clear, and the Parapet Walls are to be Feet 6 Inches, which, with the Stone Copings, will be near 5 Feet high; that he has made an Allowance in his Estimate for the old Materials, but they are worth very little.

That Godalmijig Bridge is proposed to be rebuilt in the same Manner as Cobham Bridge, the Expence of which he has estimated at £. 1,150, besides the old Materials.

That the Expence of widening and repairing Leatherhead Bridge (which is to be of the same width, and the Parapets the same Heights as the other Bridges) he has estimated at£. 1,642.

And he added, That he has not included in his Estimate the Sums proposed to be given by the Proprietors, nor the Saving that will arise from the Liberty of getting Materials; and that he can produce People who will undertake the above Works for the Sums dated in his Estimate. Then

Mr. Pickstone informed your Committee, That a County Rate of Three Pence in the Pound, will produce the Sum of £. 4,020.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repair, enlarge, and rebuild Cobham, Lealherhead, and Godalming Bridges, in the County o £ Surrey: And that Mr. Norton, Sir Fletcher Norton, the Lord Middleton, Mr. Onslow, Sir Cecil Bisjhopp, Mr. Spencer Stanhope, Mr. Fitzherbert, and Mr. Samuel Jolliffc, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Motion re- A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-

lpeding the , posed. That an humble Address be presented to His

American Majesty, earnestly imploring His Majesty, that, taking into His Royal Consideration the many and great Calamities which have attended the present unfortunate War, and the heavy 'Burthens thereby brought on His loyal and affectionate People, He will be pleased graciously toliften to the humble Prayer and Advice of His faithful Commons, that the War on the Continent ot' North America may no longer be pursued for the impracticable Purpose of reducing the Inhabitants of that Country to Obedience by Force, and expressing their Hope, that the earned Desire, and diligent Exertion, to restore the public Tranquillity, of which we have

Merchants, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants of the City of Bristol which was presented to the House upon the 1 ithDay of this Instant February, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 6th Day of February 1775, of the Address agreed to by this House to be presented to His Majesty, and communicated to the Lords at ft Conference for their Concurrence thereto, might he read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That an humble Address he presented to His Majesty, earnestly imploring His Majesty, that, taking into His Royal Consideration themany and great Calamities which have attended the present unfortunate War, and the heavy Burthens thereby brought on His loyal and affectionate People,

He wiil be pleased graciously to listen to the humble Prayer and Advice of His faithful Commons, that the War on the Continent of North America may no longer be pursued for the Impracticable Purpose of reducing '

the Inhabitants of that Country to Obedience by Force; and expressing their Hope, that the earned Desire, anti diligent Exertion, to restore the Public Tranquillity, of which we have received His Majesty's gracious Assurances, may, by a happy Reconciliation with the revolted Colonies, be forwarded and marie effectual; to which great End His Majesty's faithful Commons will be ready most chearfully to give their utmost Aiiiftanccr;

The House divided.

The. Yeas w'ent forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,; } W

T*-so'tl'eN-.{£XlAf"/"' j*

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Way$ ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raisinglhe Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lurue, 2 50 die Februarii;

Anno 220 Georgii IIP*1 Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the principal Cotton and Callich High Price Manufacturers and Callico Printers in the County of Cotton Palatine of L.ancafler, was presented to the House, and Wool, read; Setting forth, That the said Trades, for fonpe Time pad, have been carried on in a Very extenfire Manner in the said County and the Counties adjacent, and have afforded Employ (according to the belt Calculations that can be made) to Two hundred thousanS and upwards of industrious poor People; but by Rcafq£ of the enormous high Price of Cotton Wool, which rs

- nearly

Colonial

V&MiJithiucnts#

32 Geo. III.

nearly double 1 he Price it was ever before known, the said valuable and exlenfive Branches of Trade are in a very distivtfed and declining Situation, and, unless some Meins are used to reduce the Price of Cotton Wool, will be entirely ruined; and representing to the House, that the thort Importation of Cotton Wool for feme Years I alt pall, has occasioned Combinations of spectilative Monopolizers in that Article, which has raised it so exceedingly high, that the Petitioners have, in a great Measure, lost their Foreign Trade, and their Home Consumption is greatly reduced, so that they are unable to afford Employ to the many Artificers and Labourers brought up in the various Branches of the find Trades: And therefore praying for such Relief in tin* Picmifes as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Andrew Stuart, from the Commissioners for

Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

815

N* t. Estimate of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of Uis Majesty's Colony of Ncrva Scotia, for the Year 1782: And also,

N° 2. Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Colony of Georgiaand other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24II1 of June 17S1 to the 24th of June 1782: And also,

N° 3. Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Province of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1781 to the 24th of June 1782: And also,

N° 4. Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Kland of Saint John in America, and other incidental Expences attending the lame, from the lft of January 1782 to the lli o( January 17B3:

Together with a List of the said Estimates.

And the said Lift was read.

The laid Estimates are as followeth; viz.

.25° FebruariL

ESTIMATE of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's

Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1782.

d.

To an additional Salary to the Governor - - - - " 500 — — -

To a Salary to the Chief Justice - 700 — —

To a Salary to the Attorney General - 182 10 —

To an Allowance to the Secretary, for himself and Clerks - - - 262 10 —

To an Allowance to the Naval Officer - - - - -18210 —

To an Allowance to the Register - - - -18210 —

To an Allowance to the Surveyor of Lands, and for other contingent Expences attending

that Establishment - - 32*15 —

To the Salaries of a Secretary and Messenger to the Council - - - 96 12 —

To the Hire of an House, and other contingent Expences attending the Secretary's Office - 51 6 —

Tofundry Stipends and Allowances for House Rent to the Ministers and Schoolmasters in the

different Dilirifits of tire Province ----- -- 440 — —

To an Allowance for Fire Wood, for the Use of the Governor's House and Public Offices - 288 15 —

To the Expence of a Pilot Boat - - - - 203 1 —

To the Salary of the Agent - -- -- - 200 ——

To the Salary of the Treasurer - - 50 ——

To the Expence of the Orphan House ----- -- 384 1 5

To an Allowance to Mrs. How, who, after long and meritorious Services of her late Husband,

is left destitute, under Age and Infirmity - - - 100 — —

To an Allowance for a Magistrate in the Wand of Breton - - - - 100 — —

To an Allowance in Aid of the Duties granted by the Legislature of Nova Scotia, for the

Mainteuanee and Support of a Light House near the Entrance of the Harbour of Halifax 100 ——

To Michael Francklyn, Esquire, Superintendant of Indians in the Province of Nova Scotia - . 300 ——

To an Allowance to the Reverend Mr. Bennet, as Missionary to the Indians - 100 — —

To an Allowance to Mr. Jonathan Binnn/, for his Superintendancy as Magrstrate at - 100 — —

To an Allowance upon Account, for Fees to be paid upon Orders lor the Receipt and upon

the Ifl'ue of Monies granted on this Estimate, and for auditing the same - - - 175 — —

'„02I IO 5

Vor.

S.

Y

' ESTIMATE

8i<5

25* Febru

A* 1782.

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1781 to the 24th of June 1782.

To the Salary of the Governor

To the Salary of the Chief Justice - - - - - -

To the Salary of the Secretary

To the Salary of the Clerk of the Assembly -

To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands -

To the Salary of the Receiver General of the Quit Rents -To the Salary of the Attorney General -

To the Salary of the Provost Marshall -

To an Allowance for a Minister of the Church of England and Two School mailers To the Salary of the Agent for the Affairs of the Colony -To an Allowance to the Pilot stationed at the Mouth of Savannah River, with s sufficient Hands ——

To an Allowance for contingent Expences *

£ s. d.

- I,coo

- 500

- 100 —

- 20

- 15°

- 100 — —

- 150

- 100

- 116 — — -

- 200

and

- 50

- 500

£ 2,986 — —

ESTIM ATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Province of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1781 to the 24th of June 1782.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief To the Salary of the Chief Justice To the Salary of the Attorney General To the Salary of the Secretary and Clerk of the Council To the Salary of the Register -

To the Salary of the Receiver General of the Quit Rents To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands To an Allowance for an Assistant To the Salary of the Agent -

To a Minister at St. Augustine -

To a Minister at Smyrna To a Schoolmaster -

To the Salary of the Provost Marshal To an Allowance for a Pilot established at St. Augustine To an Allowance for unforeseen contingent Expences

1,200

500

15°

150

100

100

120

3°

200

100

200

5°

100

5°

1,000

s. d.

3>95° ——

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Island of Saint John, in America, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the lift of January 1782 to the ill of January 1783.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief To the Salary of the Chief Justice To the Salary of the Attorney General To the Salary of the Secretary and Register To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands To the Salary of a Minister of the Church of England To the Salary of the Kings Agent To the Salary of the Clerk of the Crown and Coroner To the Salary of the Clerk of the Council To the Salary of the Naval Officer To the Salary of the Sheriff or Provost Marshal To the Salary of a Schoolmaster -To an Allowance for a private Secretary, and for Dispa and also for Stationary, Firewood, fife*. Sic.

- - 1,000

- - 400 — —

- - 200

- - 300

- - l80

15°

- I50

- . 120

- . 80

- - IOO —

- - 100 *

- - 50

Continent,

- - 170

£ 3,000

Ordered,

of

cc.

n thro* Road.

upping

Streets.

22 Geo. III. 25 Februarii.817

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Acts were read: And,

Mr.illay.tr Wright informed your Committee, That Ordered', '1 hat Mr. Bertie have Leave to go into the the Pavements of several of the Streets, Lanes, Pall'a-Country for a Month, for the Recovery of his Health, ges, and Places in t he Parishes of John and Saint.

George of Wapping, which are not included in either of.

Mr. Morgan reported from the Committee, to whom the said Acts, are in a very ruinous Condition, and the Report was re-committed, which was made from the greatly obstructed by Annoyances and Nnifances; and Committee, to whom the Petition ol several Owners ol that, ifProvifjon was made for paving the said Streets,

Estates and Inhabitants in the Neighbourhood of the and removing and preventing all Obstructions and Turnpike Road between the Towns of Brecon and Hay, Nnifances therein, and also for opening a Commit nica-was referred; That the Committee had examined, and tion between Hermitage Street and Virginia Street^ found that the Standing Orders of the House, of and between and and be-

the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, tween Old Gravel Lane and New Gravel Lane, it had not been complied with; and had also found, that would be of great public Utility, the Parties to the Petition did not know of the intended And the Witness added, That several of the Powers Application for the Repair of the Road from Brecon to of the said A (is are defective, and inadequate to the Hay, until it was too late to give the Notices required Purposes therein' intended, and the Descriptions of the by the said Standing Orders; and that the Committee several Dili rids established by the said Acts, are very had directed him to report the fame, together with the impeifeft.

Matter of the said Petition, as it appeared to them, to Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and explaining and amending Two Acts of Parliament, one afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.for paving in the Colin ty of Middlesex,

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. and the several Streets and Passages leading into the Walter C/utrehey being examined, said, That the Road fame, and for other Purposes; and the other, made in leading from, or nearly from, BroynllysTurnpike to the the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for open-Village of Llyfwen, forms a Communication between the ing Communications between Wapping Street and Rat-

Brecon Road and the Llyfwen and Talgarth Road; that cliff Hand between Old Gravel Lane and the said Piece of Road is little more than Two Miles Virginia Street, and for paving certain Streets in the in Length, but is in so ruinous a Condition as to be Parishes of George and Saint John of Wapping, scarce pafl'able for a Carriage; that it would be a great in the said County, and for other Purposes; and for Convenience to the Neighbourhood and the Public, if extending the Provisions of the said Acts to other Parts Provision were made in the Bill, now depending, for of the said Parishes; and also for opening certain other amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Brecon Communications within the said Parish of to the Hay, for widening and amending the said Road George: Aud that Mr. Byng and Mr. Alderman

of Communication, it being quite impossible that the Wilkes do prepare, and bring in, the fame, same should be done by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That it be an to the Gentlemen Mr. reported from the Committee, to whom Minflerworfh

who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the Bill for allotting Part of Minsterworth Ham, in the Ham repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Parish of Minsterworth, in the County of Gloucester, to Allotment Brecon through the Town of Hay, in the County of Charles B Esquire, in lieu of his Common Rights Brecon, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, thereupon, and for allowing Exchanges within the said for amending and widening the Road from, or nearly Parish, was committed; and to whom the Petition of from, Broynllys Turnpike to the Village of Llyfwen, in Daniel of the City of Bath, Doctor in PJaylic,

the County of Brecon. Thomas Horde, on the Water, in the County of

Gloncejle Esquire, the Reverend John Chamberlain, of

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the Maugurj, in the said County of Gloucester, and Petition of the Commissioners acting under the Autho- others, having Rights of Pasturage in the Meadow after-rity of a certain Act of Parliament, made and palfed in mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had ex-the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, in- amined, and found that the Standing Orders of the tituled, " An Act for paving Wapping Street, in the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of " County of Middlesex, and the several Streets and Paf- Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Comsages leading into the fame, and for removing all En- mitlee had.heard Counsel in Support of the said Peticroachments and Obstructions therefrom, and pre- tion, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said " venting the like for the future, and for opening a Bill, against the said Petition; and that the Committee " Passage from Hermitage Street into Nightingale Lane, had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the " and for paving such Passage and the East Side of same to be true; and that the said Charles Barrow had Nightingale Lane ," and of the Commissioners acting appeared before the said Committee, and given his under the Authority of a certain other Act of Parlia- Consent to the said Bill, and had also given hisConfent ment.made and passed in the Seventeenth Year of His to the changing of one of the Commissioners therein present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act foropen- named; and that the Committee had gone through the " ing Communications between Wapping Street and Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which " Ratcliff Highway, and between Old Gravel Lane, and they had directed linn to report to the House; and he " Virginia Street, and for paving certain Streets in- read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered " tended to be built, and also certain other Streets and the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tapublic Passages and Places within the Parishes of bie: Where the Report was read.

" Saint George and Saint John of Wapping, in the And the House being informed that several other

" County of Middlesex ;" and of several principal Inha- Amendments are necellkry to be made to the said bitants of the said Parishes, whose Names are thereunto Bill;

subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had RefThat the said Bill be re committed, examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them. Committee to whom the same was committed, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;

and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table iMr. Ord presented to the House, according to Order, Militia par Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloth- *ni Clothing. Vol. 38. ing

Tfehiffdi's

Nat.

SchmolPs

Nat.

Explnng

Laws.

818 a50 Februarii. \ 1782.

ing of the Mifttia in that Part of Great called

England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Light y-two: And the same was received; and read the 1 irft Time.

Resolved That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Frederic was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Afctfor natutalizing Frederic Tfchiffeli,

Ordered, That Mr. Parry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Charles Frederick Schmoll. was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Charles Frederick

Ordered, That Mr. Elwesdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had made a further Enquiry, and had come to One other Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolution of the Committee was read -y and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " Art ." Act for allowing the Exportation of certain Quanti-" ties of Wheat and other Articles to His Majesty's " Sugar Colonies in America, and to the island of " Saint Helena, and to the other Settlements belonging

K to the United Company of Merchants of England " trading to The East Indies, and of Biscuit and Pease

" to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and " Labrador, and for indemnifying all Persons with " respect to advising or carrying into Execution His Majesty's Orders of Council, already made for allowing the Exportation of Wheat and other Arti- cles," as relates to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to His Majesty's Sugar'Colonies in America, which was to continue in Force until the First Day of January 1777, and which, by several Acts made in the Seventeeuth, Eighteenth, Nineteenth, Twentieth, and Twer.ty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was continued until the First Day of May 1782, is uear expiring, and fit to be continued.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Itistruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Fourth, Seventh, and Eighth of the llesolutions which, upon Tu last, were reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report ' their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of then', are fit to be revived or continued, and were then agreed to by the House, That ttiey do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the said Resolution now agreed to by the House.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the Ilouf", pur- Accm suant to their Address to His Majesty, Ara.'U

An Account of Extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Pay-master General of His Majesty's Forces, between the 31st of January 1781 and the ill of February 1782, and not provided for by Parliament.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Account of the Distribution of the Sum of One Million; granted to His Majesty to defray any' extraordinary Services incurred, or to be incurred, on Account of Military Services for the Year 1781.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth;

A v

m

22 Geo. III.

25" Februarii.

819

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby,

Pay matter General of His Majesty's Forces, between the 31st of January 1781 and the ift of February 178a,

and not provided for by Parliament.

of

Warrant*

Jugujl 8.

10.

23*

September 24.

October 19. November 9.

20.

December z6.

1782. January 25.

1781. February 23.

Vol. 38.

To Thomas Harley waA Henry Drummond, Esquires, in full of a Warrant for £. 100,000, to be by them applied and inverted in the purchartng

<Spanijhand Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces serving in North America - £. 11,890 5 1

To D®, to be by them inverted in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces serving in U* - - - - 50,000 — —

To D#, to be by them inverted in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces serving in D# ----- -- 33.856 19 11

To D®, to be by them inverted in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces serving in D® - - - - 154,161 — 1

To D®, to be by them inverted in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces

serving in D® ——

To D % to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces serving in D® ——

To D°, to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces serving in D° -

To D®, to be by them inverted in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces serving in D*

To D®, to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Ule and Service of His Majesty's Forces serving in D® ——

To D*, to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces serving in D° - -

To D®, to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces serving in D® ——

To D®, to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces

35>°3^ 1 9

7®>538 *9 5 79,406 10 9

23,92° 11 9

I4.785 ——

94,213 12 1

46,553 6

serving in D' - - - - 5.360 —

To D*, to be by them inverted in Spani/k and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces

serving in D* ----- -- 71,74* *7 —

To D°, to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces serving in D® ----- -- 571,194 — 8

To D\ to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces serving in D® - *97,576 15 6

To D®, to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces serving inD® - 42,320 — —

To D®, to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces serving inD® ----- -- 35,347 18 6

i,537>902 *5 7-

To Robert Mayne, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered at Cowes and Cork, for the Use of the Forces serving in the Carolinas, Geor, East Florida, Bermuda, and

Bahama - -- -- - 4,000 -

9Z

To

820

250 Febrmrib

A17!

Dates of Warrants.

1781. March 28.

April 9.

May 25. June i,

s

27-

July 17. August 10.

September 29. November 20. February 23.

/>n7 9. 25. 1.

27.

26.

Nove?nber 9.

20.

February 23.

April 9. A/ffj/ 18. 22.

3M/ 26. September 3.

29*

February 23.

-^/Jrz7 12.

11.

7zz?2<? 27.

July 26.

November 9.

To Robert Mayne, Esquire, for Provisions . delivered at Cotces, for the Use of the Forces serving in the CW0-Georgia, East Florida, Bermuda, and Bahama -To D°, for D° Service ——

To D®, for Provisions delivered at Car#, for the Use of D# Forces -

To D°, for D° delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D® Forces ——

To D°, for D® delivered at Cork, for the Use of D®

Forces ——

To D°, for D° Service -

To D®, /or D° Service - -

To D°, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D® Forces ——

To D°, for D6 Service ——

To D°, for D° Service -

To George Browne, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered at Cowes and Cork, for the Use of the Forces serving in the Carolinas, SCc. ——

To )D*, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of

D" Forces - ....

To D#, for D° delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D° Forces ——

To D°, for D® delivered at Cork, for the Use of D° Forces -

To D®, for D° delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D® Forces ——

To D® for D® Service ——

To D°, for D® delivered at Cork, for the Use of D° Forces ——

To D°, for D® delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D* Forces ——

To D°, for D® Service — ....

To D°, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of D° Forces ——

To D°, for D° delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D° Forces - -

To D#, for D° Service ——

To William Mills, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered at Cowes and Cork, for the Use and Service of the Forces serving at New York, and its Dependencies -To D®, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of D° Forces ——

To D®, for D° delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D° Forces ——

To D°, for D° delivered at Cork, for the Use of D® Forces ——

To D°, for D° delivered at Cowes, for the Use of Dl Forres ——

To D°, for D° Service....

To D°, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of D° Forces -To D°, for D° delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D° Forces ——

To Edward Lewis, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered at Cowes and Cork, for the Use of the Forces serving in the Carolinas, &Y. - -

To D°, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of D° Forces ——

To D°, for D® delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D® Forces - -

To D°, for D° Service ——

To D°, for D° Service....

To D°, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of D° Forces ——

To D®, for D® Serv ice ——

To( D°, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D® Forces - *- -

To D®, for D° Service

1,894 16 8

1,899 12 9

6,212 15 4

U937 5 "

6,366 15 4

280 ——

6,423 15 11

3>I54 18 7

2,743 ji 8

547 10 4

4,000 ——

3>51l 16 4

483 1 8

3,805 11 4

2,284 16 — 519 l5 ~

140 —

n,8o815 4

2,31719 2

3 57° I0' 8

1,976 11 3

644 3 2

4,000 ——

6,206 5 4

2,185 11 6

6,423 3 10

2, OJI 14 — 6,429 18 10

6»437 4 ~

1,717 16 8

4,000 ——

3.575 2 11

3>°99 1 6 120 — —

3,268 6 8

3.583 7 5

3,555 *2 11

.11,071 — 8

3,'77 8 9

2 2 Geo. III. 25° Februarii.

Dates of Wariants.

1781. February 23.

April 9.

May 18.

25-

June 27. July 17. 26.

February 23.

March 28. Afary x.

2 5*

x8.

22.

Jwfy 26. February 23.

April 9.

12. Afay 1.

3-

11.

Jane 1. 18.

27.

26.

November 9.

February 23.

May 1.

Jtf Hff I. 7«(y 26.

Vol. 38.

To Kender Mason, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and upon

Account of Provisions to be delivered at Cowes and Cork, for the Use of the Forces serving in the Carolinas,

Ac. - '.....-

To D®, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of D® Forces ——

To D®, for D® Service ——

To D®, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D° Forces ——

To D®, for D® delivered at Cork, for the Use of D® Forces ——

To D®, for D® delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D° Forces ——

To D®, for D® Service -

To John Durand, Esquire, by Way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered at Cowes and Cork, for the Use of the Forces in the Leeward Islands To D®, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D® Forces ——

To D®, for D® Service - -

To D®, for D® delivered at Cork, for the Use of D® Forces ——

To D®, for D® delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D® Forces ——

To D®, for D® delivered at Cork, for the Use of D® Forces ——

To D®, for D® delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D® Forces ——

To D®, for D® Service -

To Sir John Henniker, and William Devaynes, Esquire, by Way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered at Cowes and Cork, for the Use of the Forces at New York and its Dependencies -To D®, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D® Forces ——

To D®, for D° delivered at Cork, for the Use of D® Forces -

To D®, for D® delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D® Forces ——

To B°, for D® delivered at Cork, for the Use of D® Forces ——

To D®, for D® Service ——

To D®, for Provisions delivered at Coives, for the Use of D* Forces ——

To D®, for D® Service ——

To D®, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of D® Forces ——

To D®, for D® Service -

To D®, for D® Service ——

To D", for Provisions delivered at Coives, for the Use of

D° Forces ..... ....

To D®, for D® delivered at Cork, for the Use of D® Forces - -

To D®, for D° Service ——

To D®, for D® Service ——

To D°, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the Use of

D® Forces -....

To D®, for D® Service ——

To Richard Vernon Sadlier, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered at Coives and Cork; for the Use of the Forces serving in the Carolinas, Georgia, East Florida, Bermuda, Bahama, and Jamaica ——

To D®, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of D® Forces -

To D®, for D® delivered at for the Use of D®

Forces - -

To D®, for D® Service ——

To D®, for D® Service ——

To D®, for D® Service ——

To D®, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of D® Forces.....-

1

1,000 ——

1.549 3

3,108 16 5

1,219 i —

i,53° 18 *"

238 1 6

216 13 3

4,000 —

7,909 10 1,011 13

9.3*5 *7 3

4,287 3 1

5*3 *^7 9 4

1,968 12 10

1,641 *5 4

8,000 — —

7,966 6 2

4,43a 10 5

2,175 16 —

3,993 6 1

3,993 16 7

434 *4 —

7,617 5 3

4,4 3 2 7 5

3,967 10 1

3.991 5 7

i,233 17 —

4»442 5 8

3,994 8 1

4,019 3 1

4»°95 — —

2,115 12 5

3,000 — —

3»728 5 5

3>363 15 —

1,353 9 8

2,011 10 4

3,250 *4 6

3,728 7 5

821

To

25° Febru

822

-^.1782.

Dates of Warrants.

1781.

July 26.

August 10. September 3. November 9. February 23.

April 9. May 3. 1.

27.

February 28.

23*

April 9.

3.

11.

31-

/wwe 27.

/w/y 12. 26.

September 29. November 9.

December 5. February 23.

4/>ri7 9.

Act??/1. 11.

25.

18.

22.

27.

To Richard Vernon Sadlier, Esquire, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the Use of the Forces serving in the Carolinas, Georgia, East Florida, Bermuda, Bahama, and Jamaica ——

To D®, for D® delivered at Car/r, for the Use of D® Forces ——

To D®, for D° delivered at Coxves, for the Use of D° Forces - -

To D®, for extra Expences attending the Delivery of Wet Provisions at Cowes instead of Cork -To Anthony Richardson, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered at Cowes and Cork, for the Use of the Forces serving in the Leexvard Islands -

To D°, for Provisions delivered at Coxves, for the Use of D° Forces ——

To D°, for D° delivered at Cork, for the Use of D®

P'nrppQ —

To D°, for D® Service -

To D % for Provisions delivered at Coxves, for the Use of D° Forces - -

To Da, for D° Service ——

To D®, for D° Service - -

To the Representatives of Sir George Wombwell, Baronet, deceased, and to Sir John Henniker, and Will"* Devaynes, Esquire, for Provisions delivered into Store at Cork, for the Use of the Forces in America - -

To Benjamin Smithy Willm Fitzhugh, and James Poxvisy Esquires, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of the Forces at Nexv York and its Dependencies To Benjamin Smithy Wm Filzhughy and Richard Peacock, Esquires, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered at Coxves and Cork, for the Use of the Forces at New York and its Dependencies To D\ for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of D° Forces ——

To D°, for D° Service ——

To D°, for Provisions delivered at Cowesy for the Use of D* Forces -

To D®, for D® delivered at Cork, for the Use of D° Forces -

To D®, for D° delivered at Coxvesy for the Use of D° Forces ——

To D°, for D® Service ——

To D®, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of D° Forces ——

To D°, for D® Service ——

To D®, for D° Service ——

To D®, for Provisions delivered at Coxves, for the Use of D® Forces ——

To D®, for D® delivered at Cork, for the Use of D® Forces -

To Adam Drummondy Moses Franks, and John Nesbitty Esquires, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of [ Provisions to be delivered at Coxves and Cork, for the Use of the Forces serving at New York and its Dependencies ——

To D®, for Provisions delivered at Coxvesy for the Use of D° Forces ——

To D°, for D° delivered at Cork, for the Use of D® Forces ——

To D°, for D® Service ——

To D°, for Provisions delivered at Cozvesy for the Use of

D* Forces - "....

To D®, for D® Service -

To D°, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of

D° Forces.....-

To D°, for D* delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D® Forces ——

To D°, for D* delivered at Cork, for the Use of D® Forces ——

2,068 16 —

3>7*3 7 2

362 10 —

319 9 2

6,000 — —

12,684 7 2

14,017 14 6

7>932 5 6

6,199 15 2

1,148 I9 ---

5.i96 7 —

3,021 xo 3

2,356 5 "

12,000 ——

18,717 8 i

15,188 6 —

1,818 13 4

12,721 11 4

i>976 5 —

2,272 — 10

12,740 14 8

I-M91 11

10,500 ——

1,489 5 10

3,338 — 6

12,000 ——

4,860 5 —

9>3T5 17 3

9,316 12 9

5,258 6

1,663 4 —

9,965 io 9

5,012 1 4

8,340 17 3

T*

J

22 GEO. III.

15° Febmarii.

- Date* of Warrants.

1781. July 12.

26.

September 29.

November 9. August 31.

February 23.

A/</y x.

2.

25. Jwne 27.

/w/y 12.

November 9.

February 23.

5.

September 3.

29*

February 23.

Afay 21. 25-

18.

March 22.

28.

Vol 38.

To Adam Drummond, Mvjbs Franks, and Esquires, for Provisions delivered at Voices, for the Use of the Forces serving at New Fork and its Dependencies ----- --- - 5>®^2

To D°, for D* Service ----- -- 15,5°°

To D®, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of

D® Forces - -- -- - 9,643

To D®, for D® Service - 5,267

To D®, for Provisions delivered at Coxces, for the Use of D® Forces - -- -- - 5,150

To D®, for D® delivered at Cork, for the Use of O'

Forces ----- --- - 4,341

To Adam Drummond, and Moses Franks, F.squires, for

vi<5hialling feme of the Forces in North America, being Prisoners amongst the 'Rebels, between the gth January 1777 and 24th of April 1778 - 1,892

To John Whitclock, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered at Cowes and Cork, for the Use of the Forces serving in the Caralinas,

Georgia, East Florida, Bermuda, ai>d Bahama - - 1,-500

To I)*, for Provisions delivered at for the Use of

D® Forces - 2^336

To D®, for D® delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D®

Forces - - - 2,no

To D®, for D® Service - - - - 2,803

To D®, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of D® Forces - 2,335

To D®, for D® delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D®

Forces.....1,394

To D®, for D® delivered at Cork, for the Use olf D®

Forces - - 815

To Lawrence Cox, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered at Cowes and Cork, for the Use of the Forces serving at New York and its Dependencies ----- -- 1,000

To D®, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of D*

Forces - - -3,127

To D®, for D® delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D®

Forces ----- ---- 1,391

To D°, for D® delivered at Cork, for the Use of D®

Forces ---.....1,53c

To D®, for D® delivered at Cowes, for the Use of D®

Forces.....- - 1,812

To John Stephenson and John Blackburn, Esquires, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered at Cowes, for the Use of the Forces serving at Nova Scotia, St. John's, and Peno - 5,000

To D®, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the Use of

D® Forces -.....- 20,074

To D®, for D® Service - - - - 14,466

To D®, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the Use of the Forces at Newfoundland - - - 440-

ToD®, for D® delivered at D®, for the Use of the Forces at 3

Nova Scotia - -- -- - 8 367

To D®, for Provisions at Halifax, for the Use of the

Forces there - "7,870

To D®, for Provisions issued in the Garrison of Placentia,

between 2d December 1779 and 2d of Augvjt 1780 - 75

To D®, for Provisions issued to sundry Transports, for the Troops at Pensacola and Mobile, for the Life of the Indians, and for Provisions remaining in Store at Pensacola, between 23d of December 1779 and 25th of April

1780.....iQ,57o

To D®, for Provisions issued for the Use of the Women ' and Children at Pensacola, and for Provisions purchased and issued for the Troops at Manchac, Baton Rouge, and Natcher, between 25 th June and 21st September

17 79 ..... ,-8z

To D®, for Provisions delivered at Cozves, for the Use of the

Forces in Well Florida ----- - one

To D°, for D® Service - - - - ^3

10 A

— 10

— 4

11 5

to 5

6 10

18 6

3

<6 7

3 6

13 6'

*5 1 3

8 3

9 10 19 2

r6 10

*4 7

8 in 18 8

*5 5 18 6 6 7

16 3

"* 9

1 4

5 n

7*

250 Februarli.

824

Datet of Warrantt.

A. 1

1781.

May 3. To John Stephenson and John Blackburn, Esquires, for Provisions issued to the Forces at between 24th

December 1779 and 7th of February 1780, for D# supplied J.Lorimer, Hospital Surgeon, between 25th December 1779 and 24th April 1780, and for D8 issued to the Troops at Mobile and Pe between 24th of February and 24th April 1780 - - - - 3,026 19 4

25. To D8, for Provisions delivered at Coices, for the Use of the Forces in West Florida - - - 3,15° — —

August 18. To D*, for Provisions supplied E. Durnford, Captain of

Engineers, between the I4II1 Aug 1777 and 17th December 1779, for D8 issued according to Governor ter's Order, between 25th June 1778 and 24th April 1780, and for victualling the Civil Branch of Ordnance at Pensacola, between the lft of October 1779 and 31st

of March 1780 ----- -- 1,172 13 10

February 23, To James Bogle French, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered at Corves and Cork, for the Use of the Forces serving in the Carolinas, Georgia, Eafi Florida, Bermuda, and Bahama - 1,500 —

April 9. To D8, for Provisions delivered at Cork for the Use of the Forces serving in the Carolinas, Sic.- - 2,326 5 7

June 18. To D8, for D8 Service ----- - 2,326 7 1

July 5. To D8, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the Use of

D° Forces - 4,563 8 2

26. To D8, for D8 Service - ----- - '1,743 16 4

September 24. To D8, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of

D8 Forces - - - , - - 834 17 4

February 23. To Sir Wm James, Baronet, John Boberts, Abel Smith, and Bichard Atkinson, Esquires, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions delivered at Cones, Cork,

8Cc. for the Use of the Forces serving in Canada - 15,000 — —

April 9. To D8, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the Use of

D8 Forces - - - - 22,870 5 8

May 1. To D8, for D8 Service ----- -- 5,148 11 8

3. To D8, for Provisions delivered at Waterford, for the Use

of D8 Forces ----- -- - 8,341 13 4

21. To D8, for D8 delivered at Limerick, for the Use of D8

Forces - - 11,532 2 4

To D8, for I)8 delivered at Waterford, for the Use of D8

Forces ----- --- - 11,494 8 4

To D°, for D° Service - - - 8,254 8 —

To D8, for D° Service ----- -- 8,852 2 3

To D*, for l)8 Service ----- -- 8,013 *5 6

25. To I)8, for Provisions delivered at for the Use of D8

Forces - 8,376 1 6

June 22. To D°, for D° delivered at Waterford, for the Use of D8

Forces 3>433 !3 11

To D°, for D° Service - - - - 839157

27. To D8, for D8 Service - - - - 8,662 10 —

July 5. To D8, for Provisions delivered at Cowes, for the Use of

D8 Forces ----- -- 20,260 16 8

To D8, for D8 delivered at Waterford, for the Use of D8

Forces ----- --- - 1,010 12 6

26. To I)8, for D8 Service ----- -- 15,233 — 3

To D8, for D8 delivered at Cozves, for the Use of D8

Forces - - 21,693 15 4

August 10. To D8, for D8 delivered at Waterford, for the Use of D8

Forces ----- --- - 1,508 17 —

September 3. To D8, for I)8 delivered at Cork, for the Use of D8

Forces - -- 4,032 10 6

November g . To D8, for D8 Service - - - - -1,6413 —

February 23. T© Christ' Potter, Esquire, by way of Imprest, and upon Account of Provisions to be delivered at. Cowes ami Cork, for the Use of the Forces serving in the Leeward

//lands ----- -- J' - 1,000-

June 27. To D°, for Provisions delivered at for the Use of D"

Forces ----- --- - 3,086 14 2

To D*, for D0 Service - 1,118126

July 26. 'J o I)8, for Provisions delivered at Cork, for the Use of D8

Forces.....3,658 6 8

82,

2 5° Febru

22 Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

1781. April 27.

May 25.

26.

June 22.

1781. June 18.

July 17.

August 31. March 13.

28.

July 27.

August 8.

16. VoL. 38.

To Mr. Rob* Dann, for victualling the Garrison of Fori James in the River Gambia, from 17th of April to 30th 7^^1778, and from lft August 1778 to 13th of February 1779; and the Mailer and Crew of the Sloop Little Will, from 14th to the 28th of February

1779. - ... ,077 ——

To the African Committee, by way of Im-prest, and upon Account for victualling a Detachment of Troops ordered out for the Protection of the Gold Coast - 3,000 — — To Edmd Armjlrongy Esquire, to be paid over to sundry Persons for Goods and Provisions supplied at Senegal and Gam-biay for the Use of the Forces there, and for undrawn Rations due to the said Troops - 1,161 9 8

To Messrs. Richardson, Eden, and C#, for sundry Goods Shipped for the Garrison of Gorce - - - .- - - 2,312 — 9

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Sic. apply the Sum voted upon Estimate 1781, for that Service - - ^3>597 4 — -

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the Foreign D®, serving in D®, apply the Sum voted upon D° -; 49>373 17 *

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the British D®, serving in the West Indies, apply the Sum voted upon

D°.....- 33,712 8 —

Also the Sum Hopped for Provisions delivered to the Forces in North America and the West Indies, to the 24th of June 1780; Information of which was not received in the Time at the Pay Office, to be inserted in the Account of Extraordinaries, ending the 31st of January

1781.....15,32.2. 5 10

D°, for Provisions delivered to D®, between the 25th of June 1780 and the 24th December following - - -74,116 5 8

D % for Provisions delivered to D®, between the 25th of December 1780 and the 24th of June 1781 - - - ®5>379 I9 *9

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the Forces in Africa^ apply the Sum voted upon Estimate -: - 5,000 ——

7»55° 10 5 9*5,355 n —

326,502 — 5

To the RepresentativesofSir George Wombzvell, for a Quantity of Provisions remaining in Store at Gibraltar, on the 12th of March 1780, and received from the Agents by Governor Eliott - - - 9,679 6 8

To D®, for sundry Provisions delivered into the Victualling

Stores at Plymouth ----- -- 6,829 5 7

To D®, for D° Service ----- -- 2,624 4 10

To MelTrs. Muilmun and Berens, for the Use of Messrs.

J.P. La Coste and Courtain, for a Cargo of Wheat detained by Order of Governor Eliott, for the Service of the Garrison of Gibraltar ----- - 3,460 6 1

To George Ramus, Gent, to pay Bills drawn by John Peter,

Esquire, Consul in the Austrian Netherlands, for certain Cargoes of Brandy, taken for the Use of D° Garrison - - 1,825 8 9

To the Right honourable Welbore Ellis, Esquire, upon Account, for the Value of the Ship Providence Victualler, broke up for Fire-wood, for the Use of D° Garrison - 3,234 ii 8

To John Powell, Esquire, to be paid to sundry Persons, for the Demurrage of the Ships under their Command, laden with Coals for D° Garrison 5,291 10 —

To Philip Muyffon, Esquire, for the Cargo of a Eanish Ship,

detained and applied for the Use of D° Garrison - - 1,830 8 8

588,853 ip 7

To

8a6

w!"'*of

Warrauts>

25* Febru

3>9oo ___

5*oooo ____

Ugujl 16.

30.

31.

September 3.

Dates of the . Secretary at War's Letter.

1780. March 22-

To Mr. Jn* Tinker, for the Value of the Bri»arn-vtdence, funk for the Defence of bvne

Governor Eliott - - - 2 (!er of

To Mr. Geo. Stephenson, for the Value of ° '

Two Ships, the Dolphin and JVollingtun, fuuk for D# Service - -

To Mr. Henry Stodart, for the Value of the Ship Polly, funk for D° Service To Mr. Mich1 Alkinfou, for the Value of the Ship Nevis Packet, funk for D° Service ——

To Mr. Tho* Loggan, for the Value of the

Ship Ann and Mary, funk for D# Service ——

To Mr. Edict1 Gray, for the Value of the Ship Mary and Jane, funk for D° Service - -

To Mr. John Henzell, for the Value of the Ship Britannia, fuuk for D° Service

To Mr. Patk IValfon.for the Value of the Ship Kitty, funk for D° Service To Mr. W UJher, for the Value of the Ship

Alice and Mary, funk for D° Service To Mr. Jonathan Blagden, for the Value of the Ship Noble Ann, funk for D° Service -To Mr. Rid1 Pemberton, for the Value of the Ship Endeavour, funk for D* Service

To MefiVs. Mojley and Airey, for the Value of the Ship Enterprize, funk for D° Ser-

viqe ——

‘ 2>r>oo

i>6oo

- I,$00 — __

" 1,600 ___ __

- 3,000 ——

- 2,000 - —

3,500 -

1,000 -- .

3,200 — —

32,6oo — _

1781. April ii. June 22.

To Jno. Powell, Esquire, to answer Bi Its of Exchange drawn upon him on Account of Fuel, purchased for the Use of the Garrison of Gibraltar, by Order of General the Governor ----- 3^0 — — »

To D°, for D" Service - 4,500 ——

ToD°, to answer D\ drawn on Account of Fuel purchased by Order of General Eliott for the Use of D* Garrison, also on Account of Bills paid and acoepted for Freight of Coals shipped by him for

D8

- 20,000 —

Towards the Expence of the British Forces, serving at Gibraltar, apply the Sum voted upon Estimate ----- - 36,809 12 —

Towards the Expence of the Foreign D* serving at D°,'*pply the Sum voted upon D* - - ----- 9,364 17 1

27,500 -

94*875 a 3'

46,174 9 1

Dates of Warrants.

1781. May 1.

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Sir Horace Mann, Envoy at Florence, for Provisions and Supplies sent to Minorca, foe the Use of the Forces there ——

To Henry Budd, Esquire, for keeping up Provisions in the Island of

Jersey - - - ‘ 313 4

To D*, for D* Service, in the Island of

SeUtember 3. To D°, for D° Service, in the Island - 7

To JV" Budd, Esquire, for keeping up p.-oufions in the

November 9.

20.

Island of Jersey To D°, for D* Service - - - r, '.

To D°, for Provisions laid up in Store r.t jersey

*782.

48,700 13 5,800 ——

22 Geo. Ill*

250 Februarii.

Dates of . Warrants.

1781. February 23.

April 17. July 26.

August 10. September 3.

*9-

October 3. 1782. January 19.

1781.

July 19.

Auguf31.

November 26.

To /oA/i Maton, Merchant, by way of furth er Advance for furnishing Bread, Forage, Wood, and Straw, for the F orces encamped in the

Summer 1779 ——

To Jn° Bond, Esquire, by way of Advance or» Account

290 —

of his Contraft for supplying D® to the Forces encamped in the Summer 1781 - - - - 15,000

To D°, by way of further Advance, for Supply of Bread,

Forage, Sic. to the Forces encamped in the Summer

1781.....- 5,300

To D®, by way of further Advance for D® Service' - 5,300

To D®; by way of further Advance for D® Service - 3,300

To D®, by way of further Advance for D° Service - 3,300

To D®, by way of further Advance for D* Service - 5,300

To D®, by way of further Advance for D® Service - 5,300

To D°, by way of further Advance for D® Service

3,500 ——

To the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel, for Levy Money to 937 Recruits for his Troops serving in America in the Year 1781 - 6,763 19 4

To the Duke of Brunswick, for D® to 1,079 Recruit* for his Troops serving in D* in the Years 1777,

1778, 1779,3^178°.....- 7,7 89 — 7

To the Prince of Anhalt Zerb/l, for D® to 430 Recruits

for his Troops ----- -- 3,104 1 3

To the Prince of Waldeck, for D® for 142 Recruits furnished in the Year 1781, and other Expences attending the said Service ----- - 1,048 16 11

To the Hereditary Prince of Hejfe, for D® for 857 Recruits for his Troops serving in Amand for a new raised Corps of Chafieurs - - - - 6,186 9 4

February 14. To Messrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for Freight of sundry Ships, employed in carrying Oats to America for the Use of the Forces there -

To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D° Service To D°, for D® Service To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D" Service To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D° Service To D®, for D® Service To D®, for D® Service To D', for 1>® Service To D", for D" Service

March 23.

2 6.

April 26. August 6.

16.

February 14. July 27. Augu6. February 28.

4,992 12 6

m - - - J>19 5 10

- mm - tm - - 158 6 9

- - m - 539 11 5

- - - - - 230 4 —

" - - - 216 »9 1

- - - - - 6,002 *7 4

- - - - - 438 9 7

- - - M93 10 4

- - - - 182 14 —

- - - - - L458 11 10

- - - - 7,456 *5 8

- - - - 15&- 6 9

- - - - - 7,892 '5 8

- - - - 1,221 13 1

- - - - 158 6 9

- - - - - m 695 9 6

- - - - 4,665 2 9

- - - - 6,231 11 1

March 16. Vol. 38.

To Messrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for the Hire and Maintenance of extra Seamen, put on board sundry Ships employed to carry Provisions to Antigua, for the Relief of that Island -To Messrs. Mure, Atkinson, and Mure, Merchants, for the Value of the Ship General Murray, employed to carry Oats to which

was captured by the Rebels ----- 1,026 3 3

To D°, for the Value of sundry Ships employed in D®

Service, which have been captured by the Enemy - 1,863 19 8 '

To Messrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for sundry Stores flopped on board the Resolution, for Special Service - - - - 5,697 7 2

To D®, for Provisions and Stores flopped for D® Service - 15,019 2 3

To D*, for 6 Cargoes of Provisions, flopped for. D° Service .....- 18,422----

To D®, for 8 D®, flopped for D® Service - - - 20,887 18 c

To D®, for 6 D®, flopped for D® Service - 25,610 9 1

To D®, for 7 D®, flopped for D® Service - - - 21,774 — 7

10 R

827

50,590 ——

24,892 7 5

43>I9I 3 I*

2,980 14 8

*,890 2 11

T*

L

8a8

35° Februarii.

Dates of Warrants.

1781.

March 16.

To Messrs. Mure, Son,' and Atkinson, for 7 Cargoes of Provisions, shipped lor Special Service -To D°, for 3 D°, shipped for D° Service -To D°, for 8 D°, shipped for D° Service - -

To D°, for- 8 D°, shipped for D° Service -To Da, for 3,000 Stand of Arms, shipped for, D° Service To D\ for sundry Cargoes of Provisions shipped for D° Service ——

To D#, for D° Service - .

To D°, for D° Service -....

July 31. To 1>, for Freight to Cork, general Averages, and contingent Expences on sundry Cargoes dispatched for special Service ——

26.

May 11. 26.

15,644 — 2

9>793 x7 2

26,843 *7 6

23,812 — 8

3.^35 1 4

34,702 14 —

24,60I 11 3

S,705 14 5

12,108 10 10

February 28. May 11.

To Messrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for Horse Accoutrements, lliipped

it

4 11

x7

18

*7 —

6 2

1,995 7 2

for the Service of the Forces in North America - - 2,040 13 8

To D°, for Camp Equipage, Accoutrements, Clothing, and Stores, shipped for the Service of the Troops in America - - - 38,601

To D®, for Camp Equipage shipped for the Service of the Troops at Newfoundland - - - - 283

To D°, for Naval Stores shipped for the Quarter Mailer

General's Department in Canada - - - 2,625

To D°, for D° shipped for Service in Canada - - 7,794

To D°, for D° shipped for Service at Quebec - - 957

July 26. To D°, for the Balance on Account of Three several

Contracts for Rum, delivered to the Forces in America 24,76 7 31. To D°, for Wine shipped at Madeira for St. Lucia, for the Service of the Forces in the West Indies - - 7>95^ 7 7

Aiigift 9. To D°, for 35 Cargoes of Oats shipped for America,

for the Use of the Forces there - - 36,956 — 8

10. To D°, for the Armament of sundry Ships, for the Hire and Maintenance of Naval Officers, Surgeons, and extra Seamen, and sundry other Expences - - 10,086 18 10

May 4. To Thomas Harley, Esquire, for sundry Articles of Clothing and Blankets shipped for the Service of the Troops in America - - - 24,865

June 12. To D°, for sundry Articles of Clothing for Provincial

Troops in West Florida ----- 1,879

August 16. To D°, for Rugs and Blankets provided for the Troops in North America ——

To D°, for 5,000 Blankets provided for the Troops in Canada -

To D', for sundry Articles of Clothing for the Troops in Newfoundland, to replace others that were loll -March 12. To Will Knox, Esquire, for Presents to the Southern Indians - -

June 19. To D°, for Presents to the Indians in Canada -

To 1)°, for D° Service -

To D°, for D° Service ——

To D % for D° Service ——

July 5. To D°, for Presents to the Indians in West Florida

October 23. To D*, for Presents to the Indians in the South District,

on the Coall of the Atlantic - -

Mdy 1, To John Trotter, Esquire, for Hospital Bedding, 81 c. provided for the Use of the Forces at New York -To D°, for Wooden Canteens, for the Use of the Forces in North America and the West Indies -

June 14. To D\ for Hospital Stores, &c. for the Use of the Forces at Barb a does ——

To D % for Stores, &c. for the Use of the Forces at Jamaica ——

1780.

October 24. To Mr. John Park, for 21 Barrels of Beef, supplied for Service in the Island of Grenada, by Messrs. Dent and Thompson - 11126

1781.

February 23. To Captain Robert Morse, late commanding Engineer in the Government of Grenada, for Negro Hire in the said Government - - - - 90 14

26, To Ensign William Molesworth, of the 46th Regiment of Foot, for the Losses he fullained on board the Neptune Transport, which foundered at Sea 9th January 1781 20 19 —

1,183

490

3>°59

12,725

12,440

10,132

3>445

6,965

5

16

9

4

1

6 16

14

7,721 ——

2,997 18 4

6,832 15 9

438 17 -

106 6 -

A. 1782.

266,858 5 —

43 Geo

Dues of

Vv''Trains.

1781.

February 28.

March 2. I3*

22.

26.

28.

April 5.

3°.

15.

*4-

June 1. *3*

VOL. 38,

III. 25° Februarii.

To Edward Lewis, Esquire, being an Allowance of 4 d.

]>er Dollar, for remitting Subsistence to the Forces in

WestFlorida - 84198

To Me(Trs. Adair and Bullock, to be paid over to Officers of the 4th Regiment of Foot, for Losses they sustained by the Saville Transport being taken by the French off

Grenada - 75 14 6

To Edward Lewis, Esquire, for the Use of Messrs. Ste-

phenjbn and Strother, for the Loss sustained by them by the Capture of their Ship Adventure by the Spaniards, ' laden with Rum and Provisions for the Troops in West

Florida ----- --- 536 14 6

To Captain Elliot Salter, for the Expence in providing for the Passage of Lieut. General Haldimwas to

have been carried on board the Hujfa to Quebec - 100-

To Peter Chester, Esquire, Governor of West , for the Purchase, and keeping up a Schooner for the Service of that Province, for Years, to 31st December 1780 - -- 1,260 — —

To Paul Mayler, Messrs. Bertram, Bail lie, and Company, and Henry Parker, Esquire, for the Value of a Ship and her Lading of Corn, sent as a Present to the Inhabitants

of Tetuan, by Sir G. B. Bodney - - - - 350-

To Mich1 Franklin, Esquire, Superintendant of Indian Af-

fairs in Nova Scotia, for the Balance of an Account of Expences for Presents to the Indians in that Province ----- ---- 774 10 2

To Major General Francis Smith, of the 10th Regiment of Foot, for Losses on his Passage from North America, by the foundering of the William and Elizabeth Transport, and the Capture of the Ship Earl of Dunmore by the French - - 150 11 —

To Sam1 Clare, Esquire, to be paid over to Officers of the 93d Regiment of Foot, for Losses by being taken by the Combined Fleets, 9th August 1780 - - - 54 4 —

To Captain John Inglis, of the Ship Pandora, for the Expence of the Passage of Major General Clark to Quebec ----- --- - 150 — —

To Richard Edwards, Esquire, Governor of Nexvfoundland, to pay Two Bills drawn for Subsistence of a Corps of Troops raised for Service in the said Island - - 700 — —

To Captain Colin Me Kenzie, of the 71st Regiment of Foot, for the Losses he sustained on board the Arabella Transport, when taken by the Rebels in Boston Harbour - -- -- - 35 6 6

To Lieut. Colonel Archd Campbell, of the 71st Regiment of Foot, for the Losses he sustained by the George Transport being taken by the Rebels - - - 39 18 —

To Major Mundy Pole, of the 10th Regiment of Foot, for the Losses he sustained on board of the Brig in

the River Delaware - - - - 42 4 —

To Messrs. Cox, Mair, and Cox, to be paid over to Officers of the 79th Regiment of Foot, for the Losses they sustained on hoard of the Houghton Store Ship, when captured by the Combined Fleets - 50 4 8

To John BalchenWeft, Esquire, Agent for the Province of

Georgia, by way of Imprest, and upon Account, to pay such Bills of Exchange as have or may be drawn by Sir James Wright, Governor, for the Expence of building a Gaol, and other Contingencies, for the Service of the said Province ----- -- 5,000 — —

To Ensign Ne:viand, of the 16th Regiment of Foot, for the Losses he sustained on board the Sloop Catherine, in

the River Mississippi ----- - 16 ——

To Messrs. He])e to be paid over to sundry Officers of the 99th Regiment of Foot, for the Losses they sustained by being taken by the Combined Fleets - - - 6121210

To Captain \\m Tho*Taylcr, of the 92ft Regiment of

Foot, for the Losses he sustained by being taken by D® - - - 4112 6 1

T*

3° 25° F . i

Dates of

Marrams.

1781. June 13.

20.

7«(y 5-

August 6.

8.

16.

31-

September 3.

5-

M-

*9-

26.

October tS. November 14.

23-

December 19.

-4-

?C.

To Lieut. David Howell, of the 16th Regiment of Dragoons, for Lodes he sustained in embarking on board the Bedford Man of War, at New York, 2d December

*778 - ....

To Medrs. Meyrick, to be paid over to sundry Officers of the 48th Regiment of Foot, for the Lodes they sustained when taken by the French, on the Capture of the Grenades, 4 th July 1779 ——

To Ensign 77w* Patterson, of the 88th Regiment of Foot, for Lodes he sustained by being taken by the Combined Fleets ——

To ArchJ Montague Brown, Esquire, for sundry Disbursements and Pay as Barrack Master in the Idand of Saint Vincent ——

T# Donald Me Pherson, Esquire, for Providons idued by him to loyal Refugees, and others, in West Florida, in the Years 1778 and 1779 - -

To Medrs. Wallace and C\ for the Hire and Repairs of the Brigantine Dublin, at in the Years 1775,

1776, and 1777 ——

To Captain Alexr Campbell, of the 74th Regiment of Foot, for the Cure of his Thigh, which was broke at -scott, in June 1779 -

To Colonel Phillip Skene, for the Hire of the Schooner Liberty, employed on the Lakes in North America, from the 6th Jtdy 1777 to the 3d July 1780 -

To Jacob Wilkinson, Esquire, for the life of Patrick Tonyn, Governor of East Florida, for a Schooner for the Service of the said Province, for One Year, to 2yth August 1782 ——

To Mr. Dan1 Mc Phall, for Wages &c. of himself and Crew of the Brigantine Botetourt, employed to carry Dispatches to and from Georgia and the West Indies, from the lit November 1779 to 18 th of June 1780 -

To Lieut. Sam1 Devifme, of the 3d Battalion of the Goth Regiment of Foot, for Lodes by being taken by the Combined Fleets ——

To Lieut. Tho' Mc Mahon, of the 48th Regiment of Foot, for Lodes by being taken by D°

To Will"' Cowden, Esquire, Agent to the 16th Regiment of Light Dragoons, to be by him paid over to sundry Persons for Lodes sustained in actual Service -To Captain Tho5 Temple Fenton, of the 48th Regiment of Foot, for Lodes he sustained at the taking of Dominica -To Lieut. General Murray, to make good the Deficiency in the Revenues applicable to the contingent Expences of the Government of Minorca, for One Year, to 24th June 1781 ——

To Ensign Bowen, of the 9th Regiment of Foot, for Two

Horses loft upon actual Service at Saratoga, while he acted as Surgeon to the said Regiment -To Captain John Tottenham, of the 90th Regiment of Foot, lor Lodes by being taken by the Combined Fleets To Major General Mathew, for an Equipage, as General and Commander in Chief in the Leeward and

Islands ——

To Lieut. Ja> O'Conner, of the 5th Regiment of Foot, for Lofl'es by being taken on board the Betly Sloop, in the Mouth of S‘George's Channel -

To Captain Henry Savage, of the Ship Boreas, for his Expences in bringing Major General Vaughan from the West Indies ——

To Mefi'rs Bcit/rotu, Baillie, and Company, and Henry

Parker, Esquire, in full for the Value of a Ship and her Cargo of Wheat, lent as a present to the Inhabitants of Tetuan ——

To Mctl'rs. Graham and SimpfonMerchants, for Expences incurred by the late Jn« Stuart, Esquire, Superintendent of Indian Adairs in the Southern District of rica, from the Date of his lull Bills to the Time of his Death ——

46 1 —

2l I 3 6 27 6 6 152 4 1

512 11 8

626 14 6

21 ——

468 ——

417 5 —

985 7 7

25 6 —

43 6

48 10 —

37 4 —

309 5 9

30 ——

20 16 6

1,000 ——

2112 6

150 ——

1.043 15 — 2,303 t ii|

22 Geo. III.

2 50 Febrttarii.

Date* of Warrants.

1782. January 11.

1781. February 6.

n *3-

December 20.

1782.

January 12.

1781. February 6.

May 19.

1782. January 12.

1-81. February 6.

1782. January 12.

1781. February 13.

April 30. July 28. December 20.

1782. January 12.

1781. February 13.

April 30. July 6. 28.

November 20.

1782. January 12.

1781. February 13.

13*

April 30.

3°-

December 20. May 12.

I9-

December 20. May 12.

*9-

1782. January 12. 1781.

J 5-

VflL. 38.

To /oAn Fishet, Esquire, to and for the Use of Benj*

Thomson, Esquire, for Horse Furniture, Accoutrements, 81 c.sent for the Use of the Provincial Troops in North America ——

To Lieut. James Lowe, of the 12th Regiment of Foot, being His Majesty's Bounty for the Loss of his Leg on Service at Gibraltar -

8,129 13 6

5 3 4

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Fredk Haldbnand Esquire* for Public Services ----- 9,182 10 —

To D®, for D° Service - - - 5,550 — —

To D®, for D# Service - - - 10,566 5 — -

To D®, for D# Service

5,632 10

To Bills of Exchange drawn by George Fergvfon, Esquire, for Public Services - - - 1,178 16 34

To D®, for D® Service - - - 2,437 8

To D®, for D® Service -To De, for D° Service -

232

7>3°3

1 %

- 5

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Jo. Graham, Esquire, for Public Services - - - - *54 ——

To D°, for D° Service - - - 133 x 6

To Bills of Exchange drawn by John Esquire,

for Public Services - 18,488 13 7$

To D®, for D® Service - - 16,383 17 2$-

To D®, for D® Service - - 45,762 3

To D®, for D® Service - - 17,984 19 7

To D®, for D® Service

To D®, for D° Service

To D®, for D® Service

125 — —

800 ——

18,090 16 11

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Ja' Murray, Esquire, for Public Services - - - - 500 — —

To D®, for D® Service - 733 2 4

To D®, for D® Service - 1,356 7 8$

To D®, for D® Service - 2,010 — 8

To D®, for D® Service - - - 6,093 — — £

117^35 9 7*

To D®, for D® Service - 360 4 1

To a Bill of Exchange drawn by Richard Edwards, Esquire, for Public Services -

To Bil|s of Exchange drawn by And" Rainsford, Esquire, for Public Services - 2,226 19 3I

To D®, for D® Service - - - 702 19 10J

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Val. Morris, Esquire, for Public Services - - - 1,079 *4 —

To D®, for D® Service - - - 162 17 —

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Alex' Cameron, Esquire, for Public Services ——

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Peter , Esquire,

for Public Services - 1,746 4 10$

To D®, for D® Service - - - 951 7 4i

To D®, for D® Service - - - 751 16 3$

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Rich4 Hughes, Esquire, for Public Services - - - 102 17 6

To D®, for D° Service - 929 19 1

11,142 14 io|

595 $

2,929 19 2

1,242 ix — 4,451 xo X01

3,449 $ 6|

To D®, for D® Service - 246 4 —

----- ----- ----- --,*79 ®~ 1

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Jn* Stuart, Esquire, for

Public Services ----- - 16,938 — 34

10 C

258,209 19 9

To

832

Date* of of Wart antt.

1781.

75-

28.

December 20. July 6.

November 20.

December 20.

1782. January 12. 1780. December 26.

1781.

January 6.

May 2 % . June 24. September 1. November 23.

February 13.

pr// 30. Aftfj/ 19. 6. 28.

December 20. 1782. January 12.

1781.

A/V/y 12.

November 20. December 20. 1782.

7 ry 12.

1781.

February 26.

2 50 Februarii. A. 1782.

To Rills of Exchange drawn by Wm Faucitt, Esquire, for Public Services - *>33° — —

To D°, for D8 Service - - - 830 ——

To D°, for D° Service ... 2,075 ——

To Rills of Exchange drawn by Patrick Tony 11, Esquire, for Public Services - -

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Thomas Brown, Esquire, for Public Services - 600 — —

To D°, for D° Service - 1,354 17 3

To Bills of Exchange drawn by J. IVall, Esquire, for Public Services -

To D°, drawn by John Peter, Esquire, for Public Services To D°, drawn by Ja* Wright, Esquire, for Public Services

To D°, drawn by Ja9 Rooke, Esquire, for Public Services

To Bills of Exchange, of this Date, drawn by Robs Haldane Bradshaw, Esquire, Deputy Payraafter of the Forces in the West Indies, on Account of Expences incurred for the Use and Service of the said Forces

To D°, of this Date, drawn by D°, for D° Service - - . - -

ToD°, of this Date, drawn by D°, for D° Service - -

To D°, of this Date, drawn by D°, for D8 Service ——

To D°, of this Date, drawn by D8, for D8 Service ——

To D°, of this Date, drawn by D°, for D° Service - -

r>733 - —

8,000 ——

4,568 ——

296 12 —

2>33° ——

.4,000 ——

To Bills of Exchange drawn by G. A. Elliott, Esquire, for

Public Services To D#; for D° Service -To D°, for D° Service -To D°, for D° Service -To D°, for D8 Service -To D°, for D° Service -

To D8, for D° Service -

Towards which Bills apply Cash received at sundry Times of General Eliott, Governor of Gibraltar, on Account of Subsistence of the Forces serving in that Garrison -

9,000 ——

16,163 3 6

6,754 10 io 962 10 —

4,5oo ——

2,050 — —

350 ——

39>78° 4 4

-33>300 ——

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Jn° Campbell, Esquire, for Public Services - - - 6,484 18 4

To D°, for D° Service - - - . 2,233 10 3

To D°, for D°, Service - - 13*381 1 3

To D°, for D° Service - - 6,706 6 8

5,235 ——

I2>533 3 5

1 >954 17 3

1,724 10 11 25 *9 4 3>029 5 —

40 12 —

20,927 12 —

6,480 4 4

To D°, for D° Service -To D°, fur D° Service -

6,814 10 9} 3>943 7 11

39,568 15 3

Towards which Bills apply Caih received of Mr. Roue, being the Amount of Two Bills drawn by John Campbell, Esquire, in Favour of the Lords of the Treasury - - - 5,000 — —

----- ----- ----- -- 34>568 15 3

To Lietit. General Wm Amherst, for 3£6 Days additional Pay as Adjutant General, to 24th December 1780 - - - 1,464 __

288.554 3

250 Februarii.

22 Geo. III.

D«tes of Warrant*.

1781.

February

March 1. *3-

23-2 6.

April ix.

3°-

May 11.

3°-June 30.

July 3-5-

12.

*7-

27.

August 9.

3*-

September 3.

*3-

Vol. jS-

For the Pay of sundry General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospital. attending the Forces in Great Britain, in the Years 1779 and 1780 To Neil McLean, Gent, for 1,029 Days Pay as Assistant

Commissary in Canada, to 24th October 1779 To Major Duncan Drummond, for 396 Days Pay as Commissary of Accounts in North America, to 17 th January 1781

To Gregory Townshend, Gent, for 366 Days Pay as an Assistant Commissary in America, to 24th December 1780 To Fredk Will* Hecht, Gent, for 183 Days Pay as D® in

D®, to 30th December 1780 -

To Roger Johnson, Esquire, for 366 Days Pay as D® in D®

to 20th December 1780 -

To Sir John Burgoyne, for 234 Days Pay as Commissary for mustering Foreign Troops in ,to 20th

March 1781 - -

To J. M. Leake, Esquire, for192 Days Pay of Major Ge-General Faucitt, as Commissary for muflcring Foreign Troops in Germany, to 2d February 1781 -

To Captain Rich dBailey, for 365 Days Pay for superin-tending the Embarkation of Parties, Stores, Sic. for the Armies serving Abroad, to 10th 1781

To Sir rf/io‘ Egerton, for the Pay of a Surgeon's Mate and Two Fifers added to the Lancashire Volunteers, and Difference of Pay of 7'wo Lieutenants and Two Ertsigns, for 183 Days, to 24th December 1780 -

To Doctor Cha' Blagden, for 171 Days Pay as Physician to the Hospital in North America, to 12th June 1780 To /. M. Leake, Esquire, for 89 Days Pay of Major General Faucitt, as Commissary for muttering Foreign Troops in Germany, to 2d May 1781 -

To George Brinley, Esquire, for 183 Days Pay as Deputy Commissary in North America, to 3d of 1780 -

To Jonathan Clarke, Gent, for 365 Days Pay as an Assistant Commissary in America, to 31st March 17 81 -To Dan1 Wier, Esquire, for 366 Days Pay as Superinten-dant and Director of Forage, Provisions, Necessarie3, and Extraordinaries of the Army in North America, to ift February 1781

To Fleetwood Parkhurst, Esquire, for 151 Days Pay as Deputy Commissary in Canada, to 1781 -

For the Pay of sundry General and Staff Officers attending the Forces in North America, for the respective Times therein mentioned ——

To the Representatives of Ja* Porteous, deceased, for 407 Days Pay as an Assistant Commissary in America, to 12th May 1780, being the Day of his Death To George Brinley, Esquire, for 182 Days Pay as a Deputy Commissary in America, to the 3d of April 1781-To Lieut. Colonel Sir fat Duff and Chat Rook, for Pay Sic. as Majors of Brigade to the Foot Guards, from nth June 1780 to 17th February 1781

To Captains G.'A. Chetwynd, and M. Harris, for Pay as Majors of Brigade to the Camps in Hyde Park, Black Heath, and Finchley Common, in the Year 1780 To Nath1 Day, Esquire, for 273 Days Pay as Commissary in Canada, to nth June 1781 To John Fenton, Esquire, for 181 Days Pay as Captain and Commander of William and Mary Castle in Hampshire, to 5th July 1781 To David Caldwell, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay as Apothecary in Canada, to 24th December 1779 To M. G. Faucitt, for 92 Days Pay as Commissary for mustering Foreign Troops in Germany, to 2d August 1781 - -

To John Morrison, Esquire, for 361 Days Pay as a Deputy Commissary in America, to ift Jidy 1781 - -

To Jn° Clark, Gent, for 475 Days Pay as Commissary of Provisions at Goree, to 26th August 1780 -

To Sir Guy Carleton, for his Salary, as Governor of Quebec, from the ift May 1778 to 27th ofstine following

4,637 10 — 1,029 — —

1,188 — —

366 ——

183 ——

366 - -

468 ——

460 ——

182 10 —

68 8 1

171 ——

445 ——

274 10 —

365 ——

732 ——

226 10 —

5,388 ——

407 — —

273 " "

15* 4 —

105 ——

546 ——

181 -

182 10 —

460 ——

54* *° — 237 10 — 312 6 6

833

To

250 Febru.

A. 1782.

834

Date* of Warrants.

1781. October 18.

*3-

November 8.

23*

December 10.

29.

1781. January u.

i4-

I5*

*7* 2 1.

1781.

February 2(1. Marc2.

12.

23*

To Captain Joseph Wall, for 280 Days additional Allowance, as Commander of tl»e African Corps and the Istand of Goree, to 24th December 1780 -To'D0, for 182 Days additional Allowance as D®, to 24th June 1781 ——

To Ja* Christie, Gent, for 1,030 Days Pay as an Assistant

Commissary in North America, to 8th June 1781 To John Drummond, Esquire, for 109 Days Pay as a Deputy Commissary in Canada, to 12th 17S1 To Sir John Burgoyne, Baronet, for 184 Days Pay as Commissary for muttering Foreign Troops in to 20th September 1781 To Will" Butler, Gent, for 365 Days Pay as an Assistant Commissary in America, to 13th of August 1781 -To F. W. Hecht, Gent, for 192 Days Pay as D°, to 10th July 1781

To Major General Faucilt, for 92 Days Pay as Commissary for muttering Foreign Troops in Germany, to 2d November 1781 To Mr. IVM Morrison, for 304 Days Pay as Surgeon to the Forces in the Leeward Islands, to 24th October 1781 -To Cka' Rain ford, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay as Majqr General, with One Aid de Camp, to 24th of December

1781.....-

To Major General Morrison, Quarter Matter General, for the Pay of his Two AfliAants, from 23th December 1780, to 24 December 1781 -

To Nathan1 Day, Esquire, for 128 Days Pay as Commissary in Canada, to 18th October 1781 To Robert Adair, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay as Inspector General of the Hospitals, to 24th December 1781 To Isaac Winjlow Clarke, Gent, for 365 Days Pay as Assistant Commissary in Canada, to 20th October 1781 To George Brinley, Esquire, for 183 Days Pay as Deputy Commissary in America, to 3d October 1781 To Peter Paumicr, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay as D®, to 2d April 1781 ——

To Francis Rush Clarke, Gent, for 365 Days Pay as Inspefitor and Superintendant of the Provision Train to the Army in America, to 3d of 1781-i o Ja' Farquharson, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay as an Assistant Commissary in Canada, to 18th September 1781 To ClinfrD'Oyley, Executor of Lieut. General Harvey,

deceased, for his additional Pay as Adjutant General, for 93 Days, to 27 th March 1778, the Day of his Death -To John Fenton, Esquire, for 184 Days Pay ,ag Captain and Commander of William arid Mary Fort, in New Hampshire, to 5th January 1782 -

To Major Ilayman Rooke, for 365 Days Allowance as Major to the late 98th Regiment of Foot, to 24th of

December 1781-lb George Mu tiro, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay as Commissary of Stores in North Britain, to D® -'lb Richard Edwards, Esquire, for 365 Days Allowance as Governor of Newfoundland, Sc. to the ill of April 1781-

lb Major General George Preston, for 365 Days D®, in lien

of a Troop of Light Dragoons, to 24th December 1781

*80 ——

182 ——

1,030 ——

163 10 —

368 ——

365 ——

!9i — —

460 ——

I52 ——

912 IO —

182 IO --

256 ——

73O ——

365 -

274 IO — 1

547 10 —

365 -

365 ——

418 10 — 184 ——

273 15 — 182 19 —

54? 10 —

282 17 6

To Lieut. General Mackay, for contingent Expences in North,

for the Year 1780 ----- -- 300 — —

'lb Meflis. James Kempt and Son, for Necessaries, Oatmeal, and Money, ifl'ued for theUfeof the Forces in

North Britain..... -2,21795

To David Skene, Esquire, for the 49th Year's Allowance

for repairing Roads and Bridges in D® ... 500 — - —

To Sir Jn° Digits, Baronet, and Tho‘ DuExecutor to

the late Colonel Mafierton, for Oatmeal, Firing.Candles,

Sc. turn idled to the Forces at F Castle Duart, Fort Augustus, Fort George, and the Barracks of Berner a, Inveijha/d, Gorguff, and Rrtfty/w/v.and the Out

30491 1 1

Post

Geo. HI.

Febru*

Dates of Warrants.

835

!78l‘ s . , r,

Poll Stations in their Neighbourhood, from ill January lo 31st December 1780 - - - - 3,104 18 €

March 28. T6 Abi* Newland\ Esquirei to pay a Bill of Exchange drawn by the Bank of Scotland, for One Year's Allowance to Christmas 1780, for furnishing Specie tio the Troops in Scotland - 205 10 3

August 10. To MeflTrs. Ja* Kempt and Son, upon Account, and by way of Advance on their Contract for supplying Bread,

Forage, Straw, and Firing, to the Troops encamped iri

North Britain - 2,000 — —

March 23. To Lieut. Governor Singleton, for Coals, Candles, Sic. for the Forces at Landguard Fort, from 25th June 1780 to 24th of December following ----- - - 169 15 5

April 11. To Mr. Martin Pier repoint, for D°, for the Forces in Chatham Barracks, from 5th October 1780 to 5th April 1781 1,544 13 11

30. To Lieut. General BoP Robinson, for D* of the Forces in

Pendennis Castle, for the Year 1780 - - - - 701711

May 4. To Lieut. Wm Grants for D*, for the Forces in Cumberland

Fort, from 21st July 1780 to 15th February 1781 - 121 19 2

To Lieut. Governor 'Wemyfs, for D°, for the Forces in

Edinburgh Castle, from ill January to 31st March 1781 198 13

16. To Andrew Clinton, Esquire, on Account, to enable him

to provide D° for the Forces that are or may be at Plymouth Dock - -- -- - 500 —

To Mr. Henri) Henderson, for Ditto, and providing and repairing sundry Utensils, Sic. for the Forces at Hit-

sea, Portsmouth, Sic.....1,330 18 4

June 13. To Major W Browne, for Coals, Candles, Sic. for the Forces in Upnor Castle, for the Years 1776, 1777, 1778,

1779, and I/8° ----- -- no 19 9

July 11. To E. B. Delafontaine, Esquire, Barrack Mailer of the Savoy, for Ditto supplied sundry additional Companies a«nd Recruits to the Foot Guards, Sic. in the said Barracks, from 25th of December 1780 to 24th of June 1781 226 13 3

To Moses Corbet, Esquire, late Lieut. Governor otjerfey, for providing Candles for the Troops in the said Island for One Year, from Lady Day 1780 - - - - 214 — 11

27. To Andrezv Clinton, Esquire, for Coals, Candles, Sic. for the Citadel of Plymouth, St. Nicholas Island, Sic. from 25th December 1780 to 24th June 1781 - - - 535 3 9

August 3. To Ditto, on Account, to enable him to provide D° for the Forces that are or may be in the Barracks.at Plymouth Dock - -- -- - 500 — —

August 15. To Lieut. Governor Wemyfs, for D°, for the Forces in Edinburgh Castle, from lft April 1781 to 30th of June following - -- -- - 197 3 —

24. To Lieut. Governor Singleton, for Ditto, for the Forces in lAindguard Fort, from 25th December 1780 to 24th June

i78'.....- l67 — 3

September 14. To Moses Corbet, Esquire, late Lieut. Governor of Jersey, for Coals delivered by him for the Use of the Troops in the said Island for One Year, to Lady Day 1782 - 2,699 7 2

To Thos Best, Esquire, for supplying the Barracks of Dover Castle with Coals, Candles, Sic. for One Year, to 24th.

June 1781 - 803 19 4

October 2. To Lieut. Governor Irving, in Part and upon Account for

supplying Coals and Candles for the Troopsjin Guernsey i>500 " "

17. To Mr. Martin Pierrepoint, for Coals, Candles, Sic. for the Forces at Chatham Barracks, from 5th April to 5th

October 1781- -.....),6i6 19 2

24. To Lieut. Wm Grant, for D°, for the Forces in Cumberland

Fort, from 16th February to 16th August 1781 - - 11© 5 1

December 19. To Andreto Clinton, Esquire, on Account, to enable him to provide D° for the Forces that are or may be at Plymouth Dock - - 500 — —

To Lieut. General Robinson, for D#, for the Forces in Pendennis Castle, from 25th December 1780 to 24 December 1781 - - 63114

1782.

January 2. To Lieut. Governor Irving, upon Account for Coals and

Candles for the Troops in Guernsey, to 9th October 1781 2,500 — —

Vol. 38. 10 D

8,32716 2

To

Cates of Warrants.

1782. January 1 r.

1781. February 9.

26.

June 13.

December 10.

*9-

1782. January 2.

1781. July 5-

.‘ $5° Febrnariu

To Andrew Clinton, Esquire, for Coals, Candles,- 8fc. for the Troops in the Citadel of , «SV. Nicholas

Jjlatid, from 25th of Jane to 24th December 1781

407 2 6

To Colonel HarcourtT for extra Feed of the 16th Regiment of (Light) Dragoons, during the Time the said Regiment was upon Duty in London, on

Account of the lateTumultsin the Year 1780 To General Elliot, for Grass Money for the 15th Regi-giment of Dragoons, for the Summer 1780 To Colonel Will liarcourt, for-D9 for the 16th Regiment of Dragoons, in Ditto Summer - -

To Lord Southampton, for Ditto for the 3d Regiment of Dragoons, in D9 Summer -

To Colonel Harcourt, for extra Feeding, and for Necessaries for the Non-commissioned Officers and private Men of the 16th Regiment of Dragoons, whilst attending the Royal Family, from 25th 1780 to 24th

1781

To Lord Toionjliend, for Grass Money for the 2d Regiment of Dragoon Guards, for the Summer 1781 ... To Sir Geo. Howard, for D* for the ill Regiment of Dragoon Guards, in D9 Summer -To Lord Rob1 Manners, for D° of the 3d Regiment of Dragoon Guards, in D° Summer -To Lieut. General Johnson, for D° for the 6th Regiment of Dragoons, in D° Summer - -

To the Earl of Pembroke, for D* for the ill Regiment of Dragoons, in D* Summer ——

To Lieut. General Carpenter, for D°for the 4th Regiment of Dragoons, in D° Sommer -To Lord Southampton, for D* for the 3d Regiment of Dragoons, in D° Summer ——

To Lieut. General Johnston, for Grass Money for the nth Regiment of Dragoons, in the Summer 1781 To Sir Henry Clinton, for D* for the 7th Regiment of Dragoons, in D° Summer ——

To General Elliot, for D9 for the 15th Regiment of Dragoons, in D9 Summer ——

To the Earl of Panmure, for D9 for the 2d Regiment of Dragoons, in the Summer in 1780 - -

To D°, for D9 for D° Regiment, in the Summer 1781 To M. G. Manners, for D°, for the 19th Regiment of Dragoons, in D9 Summer ——

To M. G. Douglas, for D9 for the 21st Regiment of Dragoons, in D° Summer ——

To Major Lifter, for D° for his Regiment of Dragoons, in D* Summer - - - .

302 8 7

957

956

641

*7

16

300 ——

638

957 638 638 638 638 13 641 638 638

13 —

17 —

13 —

*3 —

13 —

5 6

*3 —

»3 " 957 *7 —

638 13 -638 13 -

957 17 *

957 »7

480 2 -

To Captain Henry B, Browne, for the Subfillence of the Non-commissioned Officers and private Men of his Company of Foot, from the rel'peftive Dates of their Attestations to 10th May 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment - - - - 124 28

To Captain George Katenkamp, for D9 of D*. of his Company of Foot, from D° to 27th March 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment - - - 89 8 8

To Captain K. Mackenzie, for D9ofD° of his Company of Foot, from D9 to 7th February 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment - - - 74 11 4

To Captain Athol Douglass, for D9of D9 of his Company of Foot, from D9 to 9th of April 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment - - - 87 12 —

To Captain Geo. Freer, for D9 of D9 of his Company of Foot, from D9 to 23d April 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement Of their Establishment - 95 1 10

To Captain James Fenwicke, for D* of D9 of his Company of Foot, from D9 to 19th Apr 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment - - - 188 1 6

To Captain That Jones, for D° of D° of his Company of Foot, from D* to 10th May 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment ... 1 17 —

A. 178*.

*6:089 3 3

13.85$ 19 J

To

.vJV,

22 Geo. iii;

25® Februarii,

Datfcf of Warrants.

1781.

July 5. To Captain Jn« Moore, for the Subsistence of the Non-commissioned Officers and private Men of his Company of Foot, from the respective Dates of their At-testationst0 9th May 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -

To Captain Henry S‘ Geo. , for D° of D® of his Company of Foot, from D° to 10th April 17S1 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment- -To Captain lVm Ashe, for D® of D® of his Company of Foot, from D® to 19th April 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of theic Establishment -27. To Captain Wm Gillespie, for D® of D® of his Company of Foot, from D® to 15th. May 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -To Captain Campbell „ for D* of D® of his Company of Foot, from D® to 17th May 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment To Captain John Ryan, for D" of D® of his Company of Foot, from D® to 26th May 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -

To Captain Rob1 Dn(f\ for D® of D® of his Company of Foot, from D® to 26th May 178: (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -

To Captain John Pringle, for D* of D® of his Company of Foot, from D® to 19th May 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement, of their EfiaMishment -To Captain lVm Shillinglaifor D® of D® of his Company

of Foot, from D® to 19th May 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -To Captain Arthur Pyne, for D® of D° of his Company of Foot, from D* to 5th June 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -

To Captain Wether all, for D° of D® of his Company of Foot, from D® to 17th May 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -/tugujt 3. To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Militia, for Subsistence of Volunteer Companies to their respective Corps, previous to their Establishment -To Lieut. Colonel Peacocke, for D® of Volunteer Companies to the Militia, previous to their

Establishment ——

24. To Lieut. Colonel North, for the Pay of the Commissioned Officers of his Coips of Foot, from the Dates of their Commissionsto6th May 1780, the Commencement of their Establishment -To Ditto, for the Subsistence of the Non-commissioned Officers and private Men of D* Corps from the respective Dates of their Attestations, to D® -

To Captain A. Mall, for D* of D® of his Company of Foot, from D® to 3d July 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -

To Captain Smollet Campbell, for D* of D® of his Company of Foot, from D® to 10th May 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment September 14. To Lieut. Colonel Humberstone, for D® of D® of Five . Companies added to his Regiment of Foot, from D® to 9th January 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -26. To Lieut. Colonel FforD°ofD® of Five Companies added to his Regiment of Foot, from D® to 27th December 1780 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment ——

To Captain James Stanley, for D® of D° of his Company of Foot, from D° to 14th July 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -To Captain Robert Garden, for D® of D* of his Company of Foot, from D® to 6th July 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment To Captain H. Mallett, for D°ofD® of his Company of

Foot, from D°to 23d May 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -

Vox.. 38-

138 5 8

98 13 2

231 10 6 132 — 6 173 i8‘ 6

194 9 —

127 3 6

*37 15 6 176 8 6

186 6 6 269 18 8

1,043 4 8

1,112 12 6

L337 9 "" 2,120 10 8

357 8 4 190 17 8

1,561 *5 —

1,517 5 10 237 18 6

289 5 6 163 it —

837

To

8j8

Dates of Warrants;

1781.

September 26.

October 18.

31-

November 23.

29.

1782. January 11.

25° Februarii.

1782.

To Captain Geo. Browne, for the Siibfistence of the Non* commissioned Officers and private Men of his Company of Foot, from the respective Dates of their Attestations to 3d June 1781 (efcclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -To Captain Tho* Armstrong, for D° of D° of his Company of Foot, from D* to 21st May 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -

To Captain Howy for D° of D* of his Company of Foot, from D* to 13th April 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -To Captain Fuller, for D° of D® of his Company of Foot* from D° to 9th April 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -To Captain Jackson, for D® of D® of his Company of Foot, from D® to 17th June 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -To Captain Humphreys, for D® of D* of his Company of Foot, from D° to 23d July 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -To Captain Stirke, for D° of D° of his Company of Foot, from D° to 25th July 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment - -

To Captain North, for D® of D* of his Company of Foot, from D# to 17th September 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -To Captain Feettherftone, for D° of D®of his Company of Foot, from D° to 28th May 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -To Captain Honey borne, for D° of D® of his Company of Foot, from D° to 28th May 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -

To Captain Lynch, for D° of D° of his Company of Foot, from D° to 6th July 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment....

To Captain Bridge, for D® of D° of his Company of Foot, from D° to 5th October 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -To Captain A. Campbell, for D° of D° of his Company of Foot, from D° to 30th June 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -To Captain Francis Seymour, for D# of D° of his Company of Foot, from D° to 6th July 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -To Captain Adw Cowan, for D° of D° of his Company of Foot, from D° to 24th July 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -To Captain C. Aldworth, for D° of his Company of Foot, from D° to 24th July 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -To Captain Jas Balmer, for D° of D® of his Company of Foot, from D® to 25th July 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -To Captain E. V\ Ward, for D® of D° of his Company of Foot, from D° to 25th July 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -To Captain Willm Carruthers, for D° of D® of his Company of Foot, from D® to 17th August 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -To Captain Storie, for D° of D° of his Company of Foot, from D° to 1 ft, October 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment

To Captain Ja* Abercrombie, for D® of D° of his Company of Foot, from D* to 27th September 1781 (exclusive) the Commencement of their Establishment -For the Pay of Additional to Sir Tho* Egerton's Corps of Foot, for the Year 1781, at'7 s. 6d. per Diem For D® to Major Dalrymple's Corps of Foot, from 25th October to 24th December 1781, at £.3. 2. 6. per Diem -

ii6 2 6

125 6 6

79 3 6 61 14 10 133 6 lo

439 4

3^7 8 — 406 19 — 171 9 6

156 11 6

244 5 — 362 4 6

201 6 6

*95 5 2 271 — —

299 1 —

355 13 8 i83 17 — 246 6 6

44* 3 10

5>3 17 6

136 17 6

190 12 6

For

Hu

22 Geo. III. a^Februarii.

Dates «f Warrants*

1782. January 11.

1781.

February 9.

14.

26.

March z.

8.

«9

April 2.

11.

May 4.

June 1.

20.

Vol. 38.

For the Pay of Captain K. Mackenzie's Independent Company, from 7th February to 24th March 1781, at £. 5. 8. 2. per Diem -To Lord John Murray, for Levy Money for Additionals

to the 42d Regiment of Foot -To the Earl of Seaforth, for D® for Additionals to the 78th Regiment of Foot - ... - -

To Lieut. Colonel Fullarton, for D* for Additionals to the 98th Regiment of Foot - *

To Lieut: Colonel HumberJtone, for D* for Additionals to the 100th Regiment of Foot -

248 15 8 446 5 —

126 ——

126 — — 126 ——

To Messrs. Meyrkk, to enable them to reimburse the Non-commissioned Officers and private Men of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymaster's Allowances, from 25th June

1780 to 24th December following To Messrs. Filter and C°, to enable them to reimburse D® of the 69th and 91 ft Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D" to D* - - - _ - -

To Messrs. Adairnnd C®, to enable them to reimburse D® 6f sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D* to Do -

To Nath1 Collyer, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of Sir T. Egerton's Corps of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from D" to D* -To Messrs. Cox, Mair, and , to enable them to reimburseD* offendry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from D° to D® -To Sam1 Clare, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D* of the 93d Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for Do, from D° to D® -

To Messrs. Roberts, to enable them to reimburse D° of sundry Regiments of F oot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D°

To Edmund Annjirong, Esquire, to enable him to re-

imburse D® of the Sih Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D®, and also for the Allowance for Bread Money -To Altxf AnderJ'on, Esquire, toenablehim to reimburse D® of the 42d Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from 2tll March to 24th December 1780 To Messrs. Neligan and Rober, to enable them to reimburse D° of the 97th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following ——

To F.Elwyn, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse IP of the' 70th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D*, from D* to D" - -

To JV" Cowden, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D*of the 29th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D®, and also for the Allowance of Bread Money to a Party of the said Regiment at Chatham Barracks -

To Messrs. Bishopp and C®, to enable them to reimburse D® of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D®, and also for the Allowance of Bread Money to sundry Regiments in Barracks ——

To Thcf Willis, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the 96th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from 8th April 1780 to 24th December following, and also for the Allowance of Bread Money to the said Regiment at Guernsey -To Messrs. Meyrick, for the Allowance of Bread Money to the 52d and 78th Regiments of Foot, and sundry Parties of Recruits in Barracks, in the Year 1780 ——

To Messrs. lleffe, to enable them to reimburse the Non-cernmissioned Officers and private Men of sundry Regimentsoffoot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon

1,987 6 —

ai5

330 6 8

60

7 4

3>358 15 10

9«

329 16 10

126

a6g 1 —

98

117 ——

124 10 10

1, *97

835 16 9

856 12

io E

19,293 8 6

and

9

840

Dates of Warrants.

1781.

July n.

27.

A*g*l 3-15.

24.

September 5. O&o 5.

22.

24.

November 14.

*3-

1 December 10.

19.

2$° Febrttarii.

A. 1782

and Paymaster's Allowances, from 25th June 1780 to 24th

December following, and also for the Allowance of Bread Money to 6 Companies of the 75th Regiment of Foot - -

To Messrs. Fitter and C8, to enable them to reiinburfe D° of the 69th ami 91st Regiments of Foot, the Stop* pages made for D\ from 25th December 1780 to 24th of June 1781 -

To Sam1 Clare, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D* of the 93d Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D % from D" to D° - -

To G. Auft, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D8 of the Isle of Man Fencible Men, the Stoppages made for D\ from 2d November 1779 to 24 December 1780 To N. Collyer, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D8 of

Sir T. Egertou's Corps of Foot, the Stoppages made for

D8, from 25th December 178010 24 June 1781 -

To John Lamb, Esquire, o enable him to reiinburfe D8 of the 72d Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D8, from D8 to D* -To Messrs. Adair and C % to enable them to reimburse D° of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D8, from D° to D°

To Alex' Anderfm, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D* of the 42d Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D8, from D8 to D*

To II. J. Hanjiird, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D8 of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D8, from D8 to D8 -

To Wm Cowden, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D8 of the 29th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D8, from D° to D*

To F. Ehoyn, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D° of the 70th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D8, from D8 to D8, and also for the Allowance of Bread Money to the said Regiment -To Messrs. Gray and Ogilvie, to enable them to reimburse D8 of sundry Regiirients of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from 25th June 1780 to 24 December following ——

To Geo. AuJl, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D8 of the Isle of Man Fencible Men, the Stoppages made for D8, from 25th December 1780 to 24 June 1781 ——

To Messrs. Rijhopp and C8, to enable them to reimburse

D8 of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D8, from D8 to D8, and also for the Allowance of Bread Money to the 62d and 73d Regiments in Barracks ——

To Messrs. Gray and Ogilvie, to enable them to reimburse D8 of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D8, from D° to D8 To Messrs. Meyrick, to enable them to reimburse D8 of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D8, from D8 to D°

To Messrs. Cox, Mair, and Cox, to enable them to reimburse D8 of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D", from D8 to D8 To Messrs. Roberts, to enable them to reimburse D8 of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D8, from D° to D°

To Messrs. Neligan and Roberts, to enable them to reimburse D8 oi' the 97th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from D8 to D8 To Messrs. Meyrick, for the Allowance of Bread Money to the .^d and 78th Regiments of f oot, and sundry Parties of Recruits in Barracks, in the Year 1781 To Edmd Armstrong, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the Non-commissioned Officers and private Men of the 8th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymaster's Allowances, from 25th of December

493 4 —

199 11 4

8a 11 4

94 5 7 60 7 4 '

>37 10 7 231 3 5 33 5 10 332 2 2

99 >8 2

111 — 2

2,813 —

41 16 6

1,372 i 8

2,546 ——

1,680 16 — 2,932 12 1

*53 *4 —

98 2 4

940 16 3

25° Februarii.

22 Geo.

Dr.tes cf Warrants.

1781.

December 19.

1782. January 11.

*7-

1781. January 15.

24.

February 9.

14.

March 1.

Vol. 38.

III.

1780 to 24th June' 1781, and alto lor the Allowance of Bread Money for a Party of the said Regiment, and sundry Independent Companies at

ham Barracks - - - - 145 11 9

To Messrs. Roberts, for the Allowance of Bread Mo-11 y to sundry Parties of Recruits of different Regiments of Foot at Chatham, for the Years 1779, 1780, and 1781 ----- --- 185 13 9

To Sam1 Clare, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the

Non-commissioned Officers and private Men of the 93d Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Pay-matters Allowances, from 25th June to 24 December 1781 - - - - 82 11 4

To Messrs. Meyricks, to enable them to reimburse D®

of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from D® to D® - -( - - - - 1,544 7 6

To S. Holliday, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the Non-commis-

fioned Officers and private Men of the Militia, the Stop-

pages made for the Sprgeon and Paymaster's Allowances, from 25th December 1779 to 24th June 1780 - - - 1135 —

To John Martin, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the West Kent Militia, the Stoppages made for D®,

from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following - 84 — 6

To 77/o* Brooksbank, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse

D® of the East Middlesex Militia, the Stoppages made for D % from 25th December 1779 to 24th of June

1780- - - -.....89 2 6

To Messrs. Fitter and C°, to enable them to reirn-burse D° of the Surrey Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following ----- --- 129 2 —

To John Fenwick, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of sundry Corps of Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from D® to D® - 49 6 3

To Edmd Armfirong, Esquire, to enable him to reim-

burse D® of the llertfordshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® - - - 76 12 8

To William ic'd, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the East and West Essex Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from D® to D® - - - 155 16 5

To Messrs. Adair and C®, to enable them to reimburse D* of sundry Regiments of Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D' to D° - - - . - - 554 3 4

To Messrs. Maude, to enable them to reimburse D® of the 1 ft West Hiding of YorkshireMilitia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D" to D® - - - - 84 5 10

To Messrs. CW, Mair, and Cox, to enable them to reimburse D® of the Berkshire and Glamorganshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25 th -

ber 1779 to 24th June 1780 - -

To V.Mathias, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D°

of the Dorsetshire and East Riding Yorkshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from srjth June 1780 to 24th December following To Messrs. Thomas and Roberts, to enable them to reimburse D° of the Brecknock and Radnorjliire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D®

To Messrs. Roberts, to enable them to reimburse D® of the Durham and Merionethshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D* to D® -To 11. Critchet, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D*

of t he Westm infer Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D®

To lYm.Moone, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D®

of the West and East Norfolk Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D®

To George Blount, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D' of the Clieshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th December 1779 to 24th December 1780 -

263 7 —

i6t 11 10 38 13 6

65 9 $

80 1 5

147 14 2

150 11 8

26,816

t

4

84*

Dates of Warrants,

1781. March i*

1 u April 11,

May 4.

*4.

June 20.

July 11.

*7-

3.

25* Fehrm.

To 7<;/m Radcliffe, Esquifc, to Enable him to reimburse the Non-commissioned QOicers and private Men of the South Devon Militia* the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymaster^ Allowances, from 25th December 1779 to 24th December 1780 -

Td George Aufi, Esquire, td enable him to reimburse D* of the Cambridgeshire Militia, the Stoppages made for DP, from 25th June .1780 to 24th December following -

To Thos Brooksbank, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D° of the East Middlesex Militia, the Stoppages

made for D°, from D® to D®....

To It B. Cox, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D* of the Difprdshire -Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from 2 jth December 1779 to 24th December 1780. To John Owens* Esquire, to enable him to reimburse Da of the Denbigh.shire Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following To Thoi Willis, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the East and West Suffolk Militia, the Stoppages made for D° to D % and also for the Allowauce of Bread Money to the East Suffolk Regiment at Chatham -1 - -

To Ja* Ballard, Esquire, to enable him to reiml u.fe D® of the Worcestershire Militia, the Stoppages made

for D°, from D° to D® -....

To Messrs. Bishopp and C®, to enable them to reimburse D° of sundry Regiments of Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from D® lo D°, and also for the Allowance of Bread Money to the Lancashire -and Here-fordshire Regiments in Barracks -To John Powell, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D° of the West Middlesex and Bedfordshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D° to D6, and also for the Allowance of Bread Money to the West Middlesex Regiment at Dover Castle -To Tho % Siffmore, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D° of the Isle of Wight Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from 26th March 1778 to 24 December 1780-To John Furrier, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D° of the Korth Hampshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®,from 25th December 1779 to 24th June 1780 - ,

To D % to enable him to reimburse D® of D° Regiment, the Stoppages made for D°, from 25th June 1780 to 2i.th Pecember following - -

To Meflis. Hesse, to enable them to reimburse D° of the South Hampshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®,

from D° taD# - -....

To 4S'. Halliday, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Somersetshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D % from D* to D®

To 1L fyable$ % Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the* Northamptonshire Militia, the Stoppages made lor D°, from 25th December 1780 to 24th June 1781-To Messrs. Filter and C % to# enable them to reimburse D?.of the.4Sg/Ttfz/ and Anglesey Militia, the Stoppages made for D % from D* to D* -To S. Halliday, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D* of the Somersetshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from D° to D® -

To J. Milbank, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D° of the North Riding of the Yorkshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from a^th March 1778 to 24thof December 1.780 -To Will? Field, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D° of the West and East Essex Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from 25th December 1780 to 24th June 1781, and also for the Allowance of Bread Money to the East Essex Regiment at Chatham To John iAimb, Esqui/e, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Wiltshire Regiment of Militia, the Stoppages made for D0, from D° to D°....

133 10 10

6j 14 —

89 .2 6

148 6 2

41 9 u

257 *3 4

84 4 10

827 7 9

189 11 2

45 8 1

73 17 ~ 73 17 — 66 7 3

113 5 — no 18 10 *74 *5 2 113 3 —

5*6 *4 5

239 19 9 106 13 3

A. 1782,

J

22 Geo. III.

2 50 Februarii.

843

Dates of Wa rants.

1781.

August 3.

To Messrs. Bishopp and C°, to enable them to reimburst£tl:e Non-commissioned Officers and private Men of sundry Regiments of Militia, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymaster's Allowances, from 45th December 1780 to 24th June 1781 - - - -To MeflYs. Adair and C®, to enable them to reimburse D* of sundry Regiments of Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D* to D9 To Messrs. Thomas and Roberts, to enable them to re-' imbnrfe D° of the Brecknock and Radnorshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® -

15. To V. Mathias, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Dorset and East Riding of Militia, the

Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D®

To J. Owens, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Denbighshire1 Militia, the Stoppages made for D®,-' from D" to D° -24. To John Potvell, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D®

of the Bedford and West Middlesea Militie, -the Stoppages made for D®, from D? to D® L:

To Messrs. Maude, to enable them to reimburse D® of '

1 ft West Riding Yorkshire Militia, the' Stoppages made for D°, from D® to D® . --To E. Ballard, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Worcestershire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D° to D® -- - - - ': '

To H. J. Harvard, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the East Devonshire arid ad West Riding Yorkshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from D®;toD*

To D®, to enable him to reiriibnt'fe D® of the East

and 2d West Riding of Yorkshire Militia, the Stoppage^ made for D®, from 25th Jun6 to 24th December following -

September 5. To H. Critchctt, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Westminster Militia, the Stoppages made for D® from 25th December 1780 to 24th June 1781 - -

To George Snowden, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Derbyshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D® to D® - -

19. To/. Fenwick, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D* of the Carnarvon and Flinfshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D°toD° - - -- - - .

To Messrs. Conway and , to enable them to reimburse D® of sundry Regiments of Militia, the Stoppages' made for D®, from 25th, 1780 to 24th

following

26 To E.Armfirong, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® , of the HertfordshireMilitia, the Stoppages made for D®,

from 25 th December 178010 24th June 1781 October 10. To H. Hunter, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the North Hampshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from D® to D® -

24. To George Aujt, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the CambridgeshireMilitia, the Stoppages made for D®,

from D® to D® - -

November 14. To C. Graves, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D®of the North Riding of Yorkshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D°, from D® to D® -23. To G.Blount, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the Cheshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D®,

from D* to D" - -

To Tho' Lloyd, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the CorhioallMilitia, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th June 1780 to 24 December following -December 10. To Tims Brent, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of

t lie Staffordshire Militia, the Stoppages made for D® from 2.5th December 177910 24th of June 1781 -To Messrs, Neligan and Roberts, to enable them to reimburse D° of the Co Militia, the Stoppages made for L)", from 25th December 1780 to 2 jth Jime 1781

5°3 19. 9 57° 5 8 41 9 6

161 11 10 41 9 n

j.

T 63 8 5

-I1 / '* ' > 1 ♦*

84 5 10

' j

84 4 10

1 *,

182 6 —

182 6 —

76 19 3 76 10 5 ' 38 19 6

.! v,

285 17' 8 76 12 8

73 17 " 65 7 3

97 l5 8 76 9 4

86 11 4

244 5 — 86 14 10

Vol. 38

10 F

To

844

25' Februarii.

A. 1782

Date* of Warrant*.

1781. December 19.

1782. January 11.

*7-

1781.

July i8»

To Thomas Brooksbank, Esquire, to enable him to reim-bilrfe the Non-commissioned Officers and private Men of the East Middlesex Militia, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymaster'a Allowances, from 25th

December 1780 to 24th June 1 781. - - 91 6 —

To MeflTrs. Gray and Ogilvie, to enable them to reimburse D" of the BuckinghamshireMilitia, the Stoppages made

forty, from D* to D® ----- -- 84 15 10

To Messrs. Fitter and C#, to enable them to reimburse D» of the Surrey and Anglsfea Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from 25th June 1781 to 24th December follow*

in* - - , - *74 *5 a

To H. Critchett, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse Lr of the Westminster Militia, the Stoppages made for D®, from D* to D° - 73 17 3

22»

l9*

To ftindry Agents, to be paid over and applied to the Use of the effective private Men of the respective Regiments, Battalions, and Corps of Militia, as an Equivalent to the Poundage deducted from the Pay of the private Men of the Regiments of Foot Guards and marching Regiments of Infantry on the British Establishment, from 25th December 1780 to 24th ' June 1781 - - - . -

January 15. For the Marches, &c. of the 77th Regiment of Foot, from 25th December *777 to 3°th May 1778 ——

For the D° of the 65th Regiment of Foot, from 25th cember 1778 to 24th June 1779 -For the D® of D® Regiment, from 25th 17791024th December following ——

March 8. For the D® of Earl Fauconberg'$ Foot, from 25th December 1779 to 24th June 1780 - -

For the D° of Major Lifter's Dragoons, from D® to D' -For the D*of the 16th Regiment of Dragoons, from r,th June 1779 to 24th December following For the D# of the 54th Regiment of Foot, from 25th of June 1777 to 24th December following -

For the D® of D° Regiment, from 25th December 1777 to 24th June 1778 -

For the D® of the 6th Regiment of Foot, from 25th cember 1778 to 24th June 1779 -

For the D® of the 2d Regiment of Dragoons, from 25 June 1776to 24th June 1777 For the D°of D° Regiment, from 25th June 1777 to 24 December following ——

For the D* of D* Regiment, from 25 December 1777 to 24 June 1778 ——

For the D® of D® Regiment, from 25 June 1778 to 24 December following ——

April2. For the D® of the 80th Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1778 to 24th December 1779 -May 10. For the D# of the 73d Regiment of Foot, from 25 June 1778 to 24 December following - -

For the D* of the 2d Battalion of D° Regiment, from 25th December 1778 to 24 June 1779 -

For the D° of the 21st Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1773 to 24th December 1774 -For the D® of D* Regiment, from 25th 1774 to

24 th Decentber 1775 -

June 13. For the D° of the 1 It Regiment of Dragoon Guards, from 25th June 1779 to 24th December following

For the D® of the 1 nil Regiment of Dragoons, from D® to D® ——

For the D° of the 3d Regiment of Dragoon Guards, from 25th June 1779 to 24th June 1780 -

For the D® of the 2d Regiment of Dragoons, from 25th December 1778 to 24th June 1779 -

July 2. For the i># of the 3d Regiment of Dragoons, from 25th December 1779 to 24th June 1780 -For the D® of the 18H1 Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 17 } ft to 24th June 1779-

For the D* of the 6th Regiment of Foot, from 25th June,) 779 to 24th December'following -

262 11 —

*73 16 —

111 14 6

280 10 4

57 11 —

*9* 7 —

97 6 —

*53 12 —

306 4 —

no 8 —

32 16 —

122 7 1

76 1 —

393 1

213 *5 —

242 *3 —

3C6 *7 6

355 18 8

142 1* —

221 6 —

140 12 —

227 11 —

93 7 —

*53 *9 —

74 9 —

9,451 6 8

10,041 6 7

For

.25° Februarii.

22 Gjeo. III.

DatC* Of Warrant*.

1781.

July 2.

5-

11.

August 8.

September 5.

October 24. November 14.

*3-

December 10.

*9-

1782. January 11.

'7-

1781. January 15.

March 22.

23.

April 2.

11.

For the Marches, Xc. of the 2d Regiment of Dragoons, from 25th June 1779 to 24th December following For the D° of the 2d Battalion Of the 73d Regiment of Foot, from D" to D"

For the D° of the 2d Battalion of the 1 ft Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1777 to 24 December 1778 For the D8 of the 14th Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1776 to 24th December 1777 For the D8 of D8 Regiment, from 25th December 1777 to 24th December 1778 For the D8 of D8 Regiment, from 25th December 1778 to 24th December 1779 - -

For the D° of the 51 h Regiment of Foot, from 25th June 1777 to 24 December following -For the D8 of D8 Regiment, from 25th December 1777 to 24th Jane 1778 - -

For the D8 of D* Regiment, from 25th June 1778 to 24th December fallowing -For the Li*of the ^9‘h Regiment of Foot, from 25th June

1779 to 24th December following

For tire D8 of Sir Thomas Egerton's Corps of Foot, from 25th December 1779 to 24 December 1780

For the D° of Major Lifter's Dragoons, from 25th June

1780 to 24th December following

For the D8 of the 53d Regiment of Foot, from 4th of April 1770 to 24 December following - -

For the D8 of D° Regiment, from 25th December 1776 to 24th December ——

For the D8 of the First Regiment of Dragoon Guards, from 25th December 1779 to 24 December 1780 -

For the D°of the 11th Regiment of Dragoons, from D8to

D8 ....

For the D8 of the 99th Regiment of Foot, from 2d of 1780 to 24th Decemberlollowing -

For the D8 of the 46th Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1779 to 24th June 1780 For the D8 of the 19th Regiment of Dragoons, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following -

3i 1 ~

353 — 656 12 — 188 n — 425 19 — 372 19 — 64 ——

63 17 —

57 7 —

241 12 —

181 ——

60 6 —

197 5 — 164 14 6 164 14 — 178 17 6

232 3 6

175 10 *

77 6 —

To Lieut. General Gage, for the contingent Disbursements of the 22d Regiment of Foot, from 25th December \ 778 to 24 June 1779 99 17 4

To Sir B. Hamilton, for D8 of the 40th Regiment of Foot,

from 25th June 1779 to 24 December following - - 105 17 1

To Lieut. General Cary, for D8 of the 43d Regiment of

Foot, from 23th December 1778 to 24th June 1779 - 121 11 —

To Lieut. General Frederick, for D8 of the 54th Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1775 to 24 June

1776.....- 1714 —

To D8, for D8 of D8-Regiment, from 25th June 1776 to

24th December following - - - 142 — —

To D8, for D8 of D8 Regiment, from 25th December 1776 to 24th June 1777 ——

To D8, for D8 of D8 Regiment, from 25th June 1778 to

107 — - —

97 —

24 December following To D8, for D°of D° Regiment, from 25th December 1778

to 24th June 1779 - *53 I9 '""

To D % for D8 of D° Regiment, from 25th June 1779 to

24th December following - - - 88136

To Sir Will"1 Howe, for D8 of the 23d Regiment of Foot,

from D° to D8 - - - - 77 6 —

To Lieut. General Gage, for D8 of the nd Regiment of

Foot, from D° to D8 - - - 80 15 —

To Lieut. General Cary, for D° of the 43d Regiment of

Foot, from D* toD° - - - 107 — 5

To General Abercrombie, for D° of the 44th Regiment of

Foot, from 25th December 1778 to 24 June 1779 - 85 2

To D8, for D* of D? Regiment, from 25th June 1779 to

24 December following - -- - 75 9 — -

To Lieut. General Campbell, for D8 of the 35th Regiment

of Foot, from 25th December 1776 to 24 December 1777 151 15 8

Vol. 38.

Dares of Warrants.

846

25° Februarii.

A. 1782

1781.

April 11.

May 4.

*0.

16.

24.

June 13.

14.

July 2. 18.

September 5.

October 5.

18.

Af01 ember 23.

December 19.

To Sir 2?. Hamilton, for the contingent Disbursements of the40th Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1777 to 24th June 1778 ——

To D°, for D9 of D° Regiment, from 25th June 1778 to

24th December following....

To Sir Eyre Coote, for D° of the 37th Regiment of Foot, from 25th June 1778 to 24th June 1780 -

To - Lord McLeod, for D° of the 73d Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1778 to 24th June 1779 To Lieut. General Mackay, for D* of the 21st Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1775 to 24th June 1776 -

To D#, for D° of D° Regiment, from 25th June 1776 to 24th December following - -

To M, G; Grey, for D° of the 28th Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1778 to 24th June 1779 To D°, for D# of D* Regiment, from 25th June 1779 to 24th December following -

To Lieut General Sorell, for Da of the 48th Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1778 to 24th June 1779 To D°, for D* of D° Regiment, from 25th June \j-jgto 24 December following - -

To Messrs. Gray and Ogilvie, for D®of the 78th Regiment of Foot, from 25th June 1779 to 24th December following .....-

To M. G. Vaughan, for D° of the 46th Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1778 to 24th June 1779 To D°, for D° of the 46th Regiment of Foot, from 25th June 1779 to 24th December following -To M. G. James Grant, for D° of the 55th Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1778 to 24th June 1779 To D % for Da of D9 Regiment, from 25th June 1779 to 24th December following ——

To Sir li. Hamilton, for D* of the 40th Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1778 to 24th of June 1779 To Lieut. General Cunninghame, for D° of the 14th Regiment of Foot, from 25 December 1775 to 24 December

ill6 ‘ - - " " . -

To Lord Amherjly for D® of the 2d Battalion of the 60th Regiment of Foot, from 25th June 1775, to 24th December following ——

To D°, for D° of D° Battalion, from 25th December 1775 to 24th December 1776 -

To D % for D° of D9 Battalion, from 25th December 1776 to 24th December 1777 ——

To D°, for D° of D° Battalion, from 25th December 1777 to 24th June 1778 - -

To D\ for D°of 7 Companies of D° Battalion, from 25th June 1778 to 24th December following -To D9, for D* of D° Companies, from 25th December 177S to 24th December 1779 -

To Earl Cornwallis, for D° of the 33d Regiment of Foot, from 25th June 1779 to 24 December following To Major Dalrymple, for D° of his Corps of Foot, from 23th December 1777 to 24 June 1778 To I>, for D* of D* Corps, from 25th December 1776 to 24 December 1777 ——

To D°, for D9 of D9 Corps, from 23th June 1778 to 24th December following ——

To Lieut. General Elphinstone, for D° of the 53d Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1777 to 24 June 1778 ——

To Lieut. General Maitland, for D° of the 49th Regiment of Foot, from 25th June 1775 to 24th December following - -

To D°, for D® of D* Regiment, from 25th December 1775 to 24th December 1776 -

To D°, for D° of D° Regiment, from 25th December 1776 to 24th December 1777 To D°, for D* of D° Regiment, from 25th December 1777 to 2 [lh December 1778 -

34 *7 3

91 4 7

437 -

no 9 4

141 16 — 121 19 — 44 7 —

64 5 —

193 *7 6

301 10 -

61 2 6

*73 14 3

91 5 1

154 11 6

99 1 6

CO CO

142 — '

63 16

131 18 6

132 7 —

53 I8 —

I08 I7 —

268 7 —

67 17 —

154 >5 6

146 7 —

161 18 —

100 7 4

209 14 —

1S5 6 —

*33 3 3

245 3 9

25° Februarii,

22 Geo. III.

Dates or Wa rrams.

1782. January 1 1.

1781. January 15.

24.

3l*

February 14.

22.

March 2.

8.

22.

29.

May 4. 16.

24. June 1.

*3*

14.

20.

y«/j/ 2.

11.

18.

27 »

3.

Vol. 08.

To M. G. Vaughan, for the contingent Disbursements of the 46th Regiment of Foot, from 25th June 1780*0 24 December following ——

222 1 —

For the Marches, SCc. of the Northern Regiment of Fencible Men, from

25th December 1778 to 24th 1779 -

For the D* of D® Regiment, from 25th June \ 779 to 24th December following ——

For the D® of the East Norfolk Militia, from 25th cember 1779 to 24th June 1780 -

For the D® of the Bedfordflure Militia, from I)® to D® -For the D® of the Sutherland Regiment of Fencible Men, from D® to D® ——

For the D® of the Southern Regiment of Fencible Men, from D® to D® -For the D® of the Cumberland Militia, from D® to D® -For the D® of the Montgomeryshire Militia, from D® to D®-For the D® of the HuntingdonshireMilitia, from D® to D® -

For the D® of the Westminster D®, from D® to D® -For the D® of the Cheshire D®, from D® to D®

For »he D® of the Rutland/hireD®, from D® to D* -For the D® of the East Kent D®, from D® to D® -For the D® of the Fall Middlesex D®, from D® to D®

For the D® of the Worcestershire D®, from D® to D®

For the D® of the West Middlesex D®, from D* to D® -For the D* of the WiltshireD®, from D® to D®

For the D® of the West Kent D,®, from D® to D®

For the D® of the Westeru Regiment of Fencible Men, from D® to D° -

For the D® of the Cambridgeshire Militia, from D°to D-For the D® of the West Essex D®, from D® to D® -For the D® of the Carmarthenshire D®, from 25th De-

cember 1778 to 24th June 1779 -For the D® of D® Regiment, from 25th June 1779 *° 24th December following -For the D® of the Northamptonjliire Militia, from 25th

December 1779to 24th June 1780 - -

For the D® of the Cardiganshire D®, from D® to D®

For the D® of the Pembrokejhirt D®, from 25th June 1779 to 24th December following - -

For the D® of the Shropshire D®, from 25th of December

1779 to 24th June 1780 - - . - -

For the D® of the Westmoreland D®, from D® to D®

For the D® of the Suffer D®, from D® to D®

For the D® of the Radnorshire D®, from D® to D® -For the D®, of the East Riding of Yorkshire D®, from D®

to D®....

For the D* of the Brecknockshire D®, from D® to D*

For the D® of the Merionethshire P®, from D® to D®

For the D® of the Carnarvonshire D®, from D® to D* -

For the D°of the Anglesea I)®, from D" toD*

For the I)® of the Hertfordshire D®, from D® to D®

For the D® of the North Hampshire D®, from D® to P°-For the D°of the Denbighshire D®, from D® to D® - -For the D® of the Durham, D®, from D® to D®

For the D® of the East SuffolkU®, from 25th December

1778 to 24th June 1779....

For the D® of P" Regiment, from 25th June 1779 to 24th December following -For the D® of L>® Regiment, from 25th December 1779 to 24th June 1780 - -

For the D® of the Ife of Wight D®, from 26th of March 1778 to 24 December 1779 -

For the D*of the Herefordshire D®, from 25th of December 1779 to 24th June 1780 -

For D® of the Glamorganshire D®, from 25th June 1779 to 24th December following - -

For the D® of the Buckinghamflnre D®, from 25th December x 779 to 24th June 1780 -

For the D* of the Flintshire D®, from D® to D* -For the D° of the East Essex D®, from D* to D* -

412 11 - — 164 15 4

185

271

12 —

3 3

*53 5 *°

110

142

*53

*97

25°

'll

310

*93

272

246

*74

*57

183

93

*5*

2

18

11

1

16

*5

5

9

4

5 1 8

5

18

6

109 9 9

87 8 10

329

*27

16

*°7 7

239

112

366

46

3S8

79

150

*43

254

282

171

*5

*3

5

8 6

6 — 1 —

19 1 4 6

10 — 12 6

107 17 -

90 2 6

190 6 10

*42 4 6

91 1 4

290 2 6

260 17 —

*82 15 121 10 219

16 —

10 G

6,501 12 4

For

25* Februarii

848

Dates of

Warrants.

1781.

August 8.

*5-

September 5.

*9-

October 5.

10.

24.

3*-

November 14.

3°*

December 1 9.

A. 1

For the Marches, SCc. of the Monmmithshire Militia, from 25th December 1779 to 24th June 1780 -For the D® of the North Lincoln D®, from D* to.D® - For the D® of the South Lincoln D®, from D® to D* -For the D'of the lft West Hiding of Yorkjhirt D°, from

D® to D®....

For the I)® of the CarmarthenshireD®, from D® to D* -For the D® of the LuncashireD®, from D® to D° -For the D® of the 2d West Riding of Yorkshire D®, from 25th December 1778 to 24th December 1779 -For the D® of D® Regiment, from 25th December 1779 to 24th June 1780 ——

For the D® of the North Gloucefte Militia, from D® to D®

For the D° of the Nottinghamshire D®, from D' to D® -

For the D® of the North GloucefD®, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following - -

For the 1)® of the North Hamp from D° to D® For the D® of the Merionethshire D", from D® to D"

For the D® of the Cornivall D°, from 25 th December 1779 to 24th June 1780 ——

For the D* of D® Regiment, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following -

For the D® of the Worcestershire Militia, from D* to

D°....

For the D*of the LeieefershireD®, from 25th December

1779 to 24th June 17So

For the D® of the East Middlesex D", from 25th June

1780 to 24th December following - -

For the D° of the Cambridgei/hreD®, from D* to D®

For the D°of 1 he Southern Regiment of Fencible Men, from D* to D*

For the D° of the Sutherland Regiment of D®, from D®

to D® - ....

For the D" of the Wiltjh ire Militia, from D® to D°

For the I)® of the Western Regiment of Fencible Men, from I)° to D® -For the D° of the Dorsetshire Militia, from D° to D®

For the D° of the Bedfordshire D°, from I)° to D°

For the D° of the North Devon D®, from D® to D®

For the D® of the Northamptonshire D°, from D°to D®-For the D® of the Brecknockshire D°, from I)® to D®

For the D° of the HerefordshireD®, from D° to D®

For the D® of the Surrey D®, from 25 th December 1779 to 24th December 1780 -

For the D°of the Huntingdonshire D°, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following -

For the D° of the Northumberland D®, from 25th of December 177*1 to 24th June 1780 - -

For the D® of the LancaJItireD°, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following -For the D° of the Montgomeryshire D®, from I)® to D® -For the l)° of the Cumberland D", from D° to D°

For the 1)° of the South GloucD®, from D" to D° -For the I)° of the East Kent D®, from D° to D®

For the D® of the Carmarthenshire D®, from 1)° to D® -For the I)° of the Cheshire I)°, from D° to D®

For the D® of the Denbigh/hireD®, from D° to D" -For the D® of the SomerJ'eshireD®, from 25th June 1779

to 24th December following -For the D® of D" Regiment, from 25th December 1779 to 24ill June 1780 -For the D" of the HestminsterD®, from 2.3th of June 1780 to 24th December following -For the D® of the West Kent 1)", from D° to D° -For the D° of the Northumberland D®, from D° to D° -For the D® of the South Hampshire 1)°, from 25th December 1779 to 24th June 1780 -For the D° of the Flintshire 1)°, from 25th June 1780 to 24th December following -For the I)° of the Carnarvonshire D", from D° to D° -For the 1)" of the Buckinghamshire D®, from D® to D* -

65 0 6 7 10 $ 6

265 5

230 12 —

154 — - —

206 18 —

524 xo —

300 16

3°s 1 4

159 18 6

267 16 6

222 *9 —

68 9 8

379 7 4

*95 16 1

166 3 4

202 12 —

183 11 8

140 *5 3

134 iS 7

120 *9 2

243 18 —

182 10 7

142 6 7

273 5 —

232 *7 8

274 — —

70 12 —

295 *4 6

477 4 6

151 18 6

281 4 6

146 15 —

168 8 —

*94 9 —

128 11 6

113 2 —

213 1 3

146 5 6

187 9 —

244 2 —

273 16 —

152 6 6

130 8 6

202 C —

25* 4 —

73 17 —

114 9 —

*55 1 —

'fix

22 Geo. III.

250 Febru

Dates of Warrants.

1782. January 2.

1781.

January 17.

May 16.

July 11.

September 19.

October 18.

1781. March 2

/>ri7 30. 1*

For the Marches, Kc. of the Stafordshire Militia, from

25th of December 1778 to 24 December 1779 . - - 435 — —

For the D° of D° Regiment, from 25th December 1779 to

24th June 1780 . ----- -- 187 8 4

To Lord Geo. Sutton, for the contingent Diflburfements of the Nottingham-shire Militia, from 25th June 1779 1024th December foU

*68 3 4

35 *6 —

66 — - 1

129 12 —

47 *4 3

lowing

To Major Aubrey, for D° of the Brecknockshire D', from D* to D* - -

To Capt Worjley, for D° of the Isle of Wight D°, from 25th December 177,) to 24th December 1780 -To Sir James Loivther9fov I> of the Westmoreland D®,from 25th June 178010 24 December following -To Lieut. Colonel Campbell, for D° of the Cardiganjliire D % from D° to D* - -

June 13. Augi/Jl 8.

24.

September 19.

October 31. December 19.

1782. January 1.

V1T

1781. February 26.

March 29. April 27.

To John Trot ter, Esquire, for providing divers Camp Necessaries for the 9 2d, 93d, and 94th Regiments of Foot, to replace what wastrans^rrf‘^ hu- tK^nn to other Corps - -

To the Earl of Seaforth, for providing D* for the 78th Regiment of Foot.....-

To John Trotter, Esquire, for providing D# for the Forces in Jersey and Guernsey - -

To D° for providing D° for the Forces fervingon the Coast of the Atlantic, for the Campaign 1781 -

To D°, for providing D° for sundry Corps ordered on Foreign Service ——

To D° for providing D° for the Forces in North Britain -

To Lieut. General Carpenter, for providing D° for the 4th Regiment of Dragoons -. - -

To Lieut. General Johnfone, for providing D° for the 6th Regiment of Dragoons - - - - ( -

ToM. G. PhilUpfon, for providing D° for the 20th Regiment of Dragoons -

To M. G. Manners % for providing D° for the 19th Regiment of Dragoons ——

To Lord Southampton, for providing D° for the 3d Regiment of Dragoons - -

To Colonel Harcourt, for providing D° for the 16th Regiment of Dragoons - -

To Lord llob* Manners, for providing Da for the 3d Regiment of Dragoon Guards - -

To Major Lifer, for providing D* for his Regiment of Dragoons ——

To the Earl of Panmure, for providing D° for the 2d Regiment of Dragoons ——

To Sir Henry Clinton, for providing D° for the 7th Regiment of Dragoons ——

To Lieut. General Pitt, for providing Dp for the 10th Regiment of Dragoons To M. G. Douglas, for providing D° for the 21 ft Regiment of Dragoons ——

To M. G. Reid, for providing for the 95th Regiment of Foot - -

To M. G. Sand ford, for providing D° for the 101st Regiment of Foot -, - - *- . - - , -

To Jn° Trotter, Esquire, for providing D* for the Forces on Foreign Service - -

To D* for D° Service - -

To Sir John Bnrgoyne, for providing divers Camp Necessaries for the 23d Regiment of Dragoons

narvonshire Militia - - . - *

To Lieut. Col. Colby, for D° provided for the Pembrokeshire Militia - - -. - -

To the Earl of Salisbury, for providing D* for the Hertford-shire Militia -

To Tiw* Willis, for. providing D# for the West Battalion of Suffolk Militia ——

37* 16 6

*87 *7

566 16 £

2,292 17 10

65* I 4

5i3 1 2

488 I7 3

484 *4 3

7*7 *5 6

676 10 6

468 l6 3

721 9 6

485 10 9

355 2 9

471 *9 3

47* *9 3

47* >9 3

679 7 3

203 12 6

123 *4 6

1,082 >3 —

1,098 9 —

521 9 6

for the Car-49 >9 —

84 — 6

*74 *3 10

148 n 6

VOL. 38.

849

*9»54z 3 *0

447 5 8

14,208 10 3

r9

8jO

t)ates of Warrants.

11 i

1781.

May 16.

September 14.

November 23.

December 10.

April 30.

May 10.

26. June 13.

25° Febru

A 1782.

To Colonei Hans Sloane, for providing divers Camp Ne-ceflaries for the North Hampshire Militia -To John Trotter, Esquire, for providing D* for the Forces encamped in Great Britain in the Year 1781 To Colonel Core, for providing D' for the Somersetshire

Militia - ....

To Captain Herbert Jones, for providing Da for the Angle-sea Militia -

169 6 —

8,388 7 11

212 8 — r

29 IO —

M4° *3 2

256

4 —

September 5. August 31.

1781. March 2*

June 1.

September 26.

23.

December 19.

To Lord Robert Bertie, to replace sundry Clothing and Accoutrements of the 7th Regiment of Foot, taken by the Rebels in Canada in the Year

1775 ——

To Lord Adam Gordon, to be paid over to sundry Non-commissioned Officers and private Men of the 26th Regiment of Foot, in lieu of Clothing loll at divers Times ——

To General Hodgson, as a full Indemnification for the Clothing of the 4th Regiment of Foot, applied to another Purpose by Sir //. Clinton -

To Messrs. Powell and Cooke, to replace sundry Invalid Clothing loft in the Lark Cutter, wrecked on thejerfey Coast ——

To the Earl of Seoforth, to replace sundry Accoutrements of 5 Companies of the 78th Regiment of Foot, loft and reudered unfit for Service in Action at JerJ'ey, 6th

January 1781....

To Sir Rob{ Pigott, to replace sundry Accoutrements of the 38th Regiment of Foot, loft on Service in America To Lord Adam Gordon, to replace 150 Sets of Accoutrements of the 26th Regiment of Foot, which were delivered to the Volunteers of Ireland by Order of the Commander in Chief of the Forces in America - -

L471 *4 3

317

29 6 9 48 16 6

9*256 16 9

L38 15 —

To. Messrs. Robs and Henry Drummond, to make good the Deficiency of Otf-reckonings of the 36th Regiment of Foot - - "

To Major Richd Dazvfon, in lieu of 57 Days Nett Offreckonings of The Isle of Man Corps of Foot To Colonel James Murray, to make good the Deficiency of Off-reckonings of the 77th Regiment of Foot To Lieut. Colonel Fullarton, in lieu of 122 Days Nett Offreckonings of 5 Companies added to the 98th Regiment of Foot - - - '

To Lieut. Colonel Hamberjlone, in lieu of 122 Days D* of the 1 ooth Regiment of Foot -To Sir John Burgoyne, in lieu of 122 Days D° of the 23d Regiment of Dragoons - . -

00 6 5'

142 5 1

183 6 2

5*3 5 —

>.«43 3 6

75* 11 5

3,762 16 3

April 27. To the Earl of Seoforth, for Bat Horses to the 78th Regiment of Foot,

1 1 n til

ordered on Service Abroad To the Colonels of 5 Regiments of Foot, for D° for their . respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field at Jersey and Guernsey - -

June 13. To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Foot, for D* for their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field -To Messrs. Bishopp and C°, to be paid over to sundry Officers of 2 Companies of the 25th Regiment offoot, and 8 Companies offencibie Men, and others, iriCon-sideration of their being ordered to take the Field in > North Britain - - . - -

20. To the Colonels of 3 Regiments of Foot, for Bat Horses for their respective Regiments, ordered to serve Abroad To Lieut. General Frafer, for Bat Baggage andb Forage for 2 Companies of the 71st Regiment of Foot, at Newfoundland ——

July 2. To Messrs. Bishopp and C % for Blanket Horses for the Fen-cibie Men ordered to take the Field in North Britain October 15. To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Foot, for Bat Horses to carry the Blankets for their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field To the Colonels of Two Regiments of Light Dragoons, ibr DJ for their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field -

110

550 —

840 - —

57* IO —

330 —

"7 IO —

100 —

760 —

140 — —

2,831 17 7

To

J

22 Geo. III.

25° Febru

Dates of Wnrranti.

1781.

October 15.

l7

November 14.

To the Colonels of Two Regiments of Light Dragoons, for additional Bat Horses, to carry the Blankets for their respective Regiments - - ... - - 120 — —

To Sir John Burgoyne, for Bat Horses for his Regiment of

Dragoons, being ordered to serve in the Fuji Indies - 70 — —

To the Colonels of 2 Regiments of Foot, for Bat Horses

for their respective Regiments, ordered to serve in D® - 220 — — -

To the Colonels of fnndry Regiments of Dragoon Guards and Dragoons, for D° for their respective Regiments, ordered to be in Readiness to take the Field - - 890 — —

221 5 —

942 10 —

1,368

536

15 —

April 2 7. To the Earl of Seaforth, for Baggage Horses for the 78th Regiment of Foot, ordered to serve Abroad -

To the Colonels of 5 Regiments of Foot, for D® for their relpeClive Regiments, ordered to take the Field at Jersey and Guernsey ——

June 13. To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Foot, for D° for their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field -20. To the Colonel* of 3 Regiments of Foot, for D® for their respective Regiments, ordered to serve Abroad -October 15. To the Colonels of Two Regiments of Light Dragoons, for D® for their respective Regiments, ordered to the - Field ——

To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Dragoon Guards and Dragoons, for D® for their respective Regiments, ordered to be in Readiness to take the Field To Sir John Burgoyne, for Baggage Horses for his Regiment of Dragoons, being ordered to serve in the East Indies -

To the Colonels of Two Regiments of Foot, for D® for their respective Regiments, ordered to serve in D®

17-

120 — —

760 — —

60 ——

March 2.

*3-

44o ——

To the Majors of Brigade, in lieu of Forage during the Campaign

I78o__- ' 57 4 -

To the Colonels of Two Regiments of Dragoons, for 100 Days Forage for their respective Regiments, ordered to be in Readiness for Service in the Year 1779 April 27. To the Earl of Seaforth, for 100 Days D® for the 78th Regiment of Foot, ordered on Service Abroad To D® for Forage for D® Regiment, during the Time it was encamped in Jersey and -

To the Colonels of 2 Regiments of Dragoons, for 200 Days Forage for their respective Regiments, ordered to be in Readiness to take the Field in North Britain, for the Years 1779 and 1780 -

To the Colonels of 5 Regiments of Foot, for 100 Days D® for their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field at Jersey and Guernsey ——

To Colonel Scott, for Forage for the 83d Regiment of Foot, during the Time it was encamped in D® -To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Foot, for 100 Days Forage for their respective Regiments; ordered to take the Field -

To the General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospital, attending the Forces, for Forage for the Campaign 1781 ——

To the Colonels of 3 Regiments of Foot, for 100 Days D® for their respective Regiments, ordered to serve Abroad ——

To Colonel Reid, for Forage for the 95th Regiment of Foot, whiht encamped at Jersey -To the Colonels of Two Regiments of Foot, for 100 Days D° for their respective Regiments, ordered to serve in the East Indies ——

To the General and Staff Officers who have not drawn Forage from the Magazines, during the Campaign 1781, for 181 DaysD® ——

1,100

247 ——

292 12 —

2,200 -- —

>M7

10 —

June 13.

20.

September 14. October 17.

December iq.

271 9 —

1,685 ——

4,860 — —

660 — —

437 16 —

495

1,840 10 —

April 6. To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Militia, for additional Bat Horses to carry the Blankets of their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field in 1780 ----- - 640 — —

V oi. 38,

10 H

4,820 — —

4,448 15 —

15,294 11 —

TW

852 250 Februarli. 1782.

Dates of Warrant*.

I 781. Jun 20.

September 14. October 15. 27.

June 20. March 29.

June 20. March s

Map 16.

September 5.

«4-

26.

December 19.

To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Militia, for Bat Ilorfes for their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field -

To Lord Netcborough, for Bat Baggage and Forage for the

Camarvonshire Militia, ordered to take the Field To Captain Watkins Edzvd Wynne, for D° for the -

shire Militia, ordered to take the Field ~

To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Militia, for additional Bat Horles to carry the Blankets for their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field -

4.010 ——

13° ——

6a 10 —

3,590 ——

To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Militia, for Baggage Horses for their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field -To Earl Temple, for 63 Days Forage for the Buckinghdmshire Militia, being ordered to Waterdozvn Camp, but detained on Duty at the Dock Yards at

Woolwich and Deptford - - - - 137 — 6

To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Militia, for 100 Days D° for their respective Regiments, ordered to take the Field.....7,935 — —

To Hob( Adair, Esquire, on Account of Bills drawn for the Pay of Extra

Surgeons and Mates in the West Indies, &c. - - 1,000 — —

To I)*, on Account, for contingent Disbursements for Hospitals, Sc. - -- -- - 1,000 ——

To D\ on Account to enable him to pay the Hospital

Allowance to the Forces encamped - 2,000 ——

To D°, on Account of sundry contingent Disbursements

for Hospitals, Sc. ----- -- 2,000 — —

To D*, to be by him paid over to Mr. Benjamin Wodehouse,

for portable Soup for the Use of the Forces - 346 2 —

To D0, being the Balance of his Account of contingent Disbursements for the Sick of the Army, to 24th June

1781..... 2,315 11 6

To D*, on Account of sundry contingent Disbursements

for Hospitals, Sc. ----- -- 1,000 — —

May 4. To Thomas Harley, Esquire, for Blankets provided for the Troops in England ——

October 29. To D° for D* for the Troops in Great Britain ——

December 20. To D°, for 7,000 Blankets for the Use of the Troops in England

March 2. To John Trotter, Esquire, for Hospital Bedding, Sc. for the Forces under Orders to embark for Foreign Service, and likewise for thofein Great Britain September 14. To D % for D*, for the Use of the Forces ——

1782.

January 2. To D*, for D* Service ——

February 26. To Lieut. General Wm. Amherst, for the Pay of Clerks and Assistants, and for contingent Expences as Adjutant General, from 25th of December

1779 to 24th December 1780 ——

To M. G. Morrison, for. his contingent Expences as Quarter Mailer General, from 25th June to 24th December 1780 -

March 1.To Lieut. General Monckton, for his Trouble and Expences in reviewing the Militia ——

1781.

March 8. To Colonel Townsend, for the contingent Expences in superintending the Recruiting Service, from 25th June to 24th December 1780 -

13. To Mr. John Davenport, for sundry Articles of Clothing and Accoutre-r ments for the Use of the JerseyMilitia ... 4,469 10 1

Towards which Warrant, apply Cath received of Mr. Davenport., being the Balance on the above Account of Clothing ----- --- - 67 16 7

To George Gamier, Esquire, Apothecary General, for Medicines, Drugs, and Materials furnished for the Forces in Great Britain, the West Indies, Africa, and North America ——

23. To M. G. Morrison, for the contingent Expences of the Assistants to the Quarter Mailer General, from 25th December 1779 to 24th December

1780 -....

April 11. To Captain Rich'1 Bailey, for contingent Expences in superintending the Embarkation of Parties, Camp Equipage, Clothing, and Stores, for the Armies in Fore'gn Service, from 11 th March 1780 to 10th March 1781

To M. G. Sloper, for the contingent Expences of the Camp' at Rye during the Campaign 1779 ----- - - .

8,432 10 — 6,213 ‘5 —

8,072 — 6

9,661 13 6

326 17 2

3.536 10 — 1,520 8 4

501 2 6

421 7 1

609 6 10

406 11 —

234 9 "

600 — —

361 — —

4,40* 13 6

13,679 4 11

362 17 —

248 9 9

4J *5 4 To

22 Geo. III. 25° Februanu

Dair> erf Warrants.

i 7K1.

April 30. To M. G. Morrison, to be paid over to sundry Persons for Hire of Ground for Encampments in the Year 1780 - -

To Alexr Anderson, Esquire, for the Expence of bringing the Second Batta-

lion of the 4 2d Regiment of Foot, by Sea, from Leith to May 10. To MelTrs. Eyre and Strahan, for the Charge of Paper, Printing, fife, of several Acts of Parliament, and Rules and Orders for the better Government of the Forces ——

To John Gore, Esquire, for Necessaries fumished for the Use of the Foot Guards in the Barracks of the Tower, and the Infirmary there, for 6 Months, to Lady Day 1781 ——

To M. G. liainsford, to be paid over to sundry Regiments of Foot, for their extra Doty and Expence during the late Tumults -16. To Lord Adam Gordon, lor the contingent Expences of the Forces under his Command during the Campaigns 1779 and 1780 -

24. To Clement Smith, Gent, for the Toil of the Forces passing over Richmond

Bridge ——

June 1. To M. G. Calcraft, for the contingent Expences of the Camps at Winchester

and Chatham, in the Years 1778, 1779, and 1780 -

To M. G. IIall, for D* of the Forces under his Command during the Campaign 1780 ——

July 2. To Colonel Wm Roy, for the contingent Expences as Dephty Quarter Mailer General and CommilTary General of the Forces, from 25th December 1780 to 24th June 1781 ——

11. To William Rice, Esquire, Surveyor of the Horse Guards, for Work done in Repairs, fife, of the Ilorfe and Foot Guards for One Year, to 24th December 1779-

To Colonel Townsend, Inspector General <jf the Recruiting Service, for Clerks, Stationary Ware, Postage, and other Contingencies for the said Service, from 25th December 1780 to 24th June 1781

18. To D", for Contingencies, and Pay of the Staff Officers and Non-commis-

fioned Officers at Chatham and Charles Fort, for 6 Months, to 24th of December 17S0 -

To Leonard Mor/e, Esquire, for carrying on for One Year, to

1781, a progressive Lift of the Army ——

To Colonel Townsend, Inspector General of the Recruiting Service, on Account, to enable hm to satisfy such Bills as may be drawn for the Pay of divers Staff Officers employed on that Service - -

To M. G. Morrison, for his contingent Expences as Quarter Master General, from 25th December 1780 to 24 June 1781 August 3. To Lieut. General Monckton, to be paid over to sundry Persons, for Damages to their Grounds by the Encampments near Portsmouth 1780 15. To Lieut. Rob‘ Forder, of the North Militia, for the Expences of a Prosecution against him for confining Read, a Sutler, for keeping a disorderly Booth at the Camp at in the Year 1780

To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Foot, for Knapsacks for their respective Regiments ——

October 18. To Sir John Durgoyne, Baronet, for Horse Furniture and Accoutrements for his Regiment of Dragoons ——

To John Gore, Esquire, for sundry Necessaries fumished by him, between Michaelmas 1780 and Michaelmas 1781, to the Foot Guards in the Tower ——

To D*, for divers D* fumished by him for the Foot Guards in the Barracks in the Tower, and for the Infirmary there, for 6 Months, ending at Michaelmas 1781, and for the Lamps lighted on and his own

Allowance for D° Time ——

To MelTrs. Adair and Bidhck, folranfoming the Arms of the land Militia, takeu on Board the Brig Olive Branch, by a Privateer of Dunkirk ——

23. To George Gamier, Esquire, Apothecary General, for Drugs, Medicines,

Surgeons Instruments, and other Materials, fumished for the Forces in the Year 1780 ——

31. To MelTrs. Chamberlain and White, for tranlacling Law Business for the Army, from 28th July 1778 to 14th October 1781 - -

November 14. To Colonel Henry Maister, to make good to the Field Officers and Captains of the East Riding York Militia, the usual Allowance of contingent Men, from the Time the said Regiment was complete to 24th June 1781 23. To the Earl of Loudoun, for Clothing for the Drummers and Hautbois of the 3d Regiment of Foot Guards, for Two Years, to 25th of March

1783 - - - - _ - - ....

December 10. To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Militia, for Knafpacks and Haver-fucks for their respective Regiments ——

19. To MelTrs. liejfe, for Knapsacks for the 99th Regiment of Foot VOL. 38.

317 IO 11

890 5 —

400 11 IO 6l6 13 2

413 11 4 54 7 — 59 211 7° 3 3 28 15 11

233 19 —

1,574 12 6

344 3 4

2,197 9 7

100 ——

2,000 — —

244 9 — 423 9 6

89 17 6

1,488 ——

2,206 11 6

81 18 —

335 5 10

355 7 —

11,172 4 9

377 19 8

339 7 e

344 9 "

3°3 1 —

209 11 — To

25* Februarii.

S54

Dates of Warrants.

A. 1782.

1781. December 19.

1782. January 11.

*7-

To Colonel Yown/end, Inspector General of the Recruiting Service, for Contingencies and Pay of the Staff Officers and Non-commissioned Officers at Chatham and Chai'lcs Forty for 6 Months, to 24th June 1781 -

To Andreto Clinton, Esquire, for providing and repairing sundry Utensils, 8Cc. for the Barracks at Plymouth Dockt from Christmas 1780 to Christmas 1782 ——

To Leonard Morse, Esquire, Secretary to Lord Amherst, for his Expences for the Service of the Army, from D® to D®

To Chris' D'Oyley, Esquire, Executor of Lieut. General Hervey, deceased, for the Pay of Clerks, Stationary Ware, and sundry other contingent Expences in the Office of Adjutant General, from the 25th of December 1777 to 27th March 1778, the Time of his Death -

1,917 — 10

312 15 8

5^6 5 4

107 13 —

3»43^,399 6 —

1778.

January 5.

177

*77

*7*

29.

Augtift, 30. 1781.

May 24. September 5.

Towards the aforegoing Extraordinaries may be applied the

following Savings.

The Respited Pay of sundry Regiments, for the Year

1776 - - 5,943 6 8

The D® of D°, for D° Year - ----- 58°

The D* of D®, for D' Year - - - - . - - 2>8o° "*

The D® of D®, for the Year 1777 -The D° of D®, for D° Year -

11,000 ——

11,346 5 *"

The D® of D®, for D® Year -The D® of D®, for the Year 1778 -The D° of D°, for D° Year -The D® of D®, for D® Year -The D® of D®, for the Year 1779 -

The D® of D®, for D° Year - -

The D® of D®, for D® Year -

- 6,000 — —

- 10,800 — —

- 800 — —

- 5,848

- 7,800 — —

- 26,200

- 3>300

Total

92,417 "

3»343>981 14 Ai

War Office,

5th February 178a, q j^ir^son.

M

Go°Sk

rton. Sic.

Road.

22 Geo. III.

35* Februarii.

Ah ACCOUNT of the Distribution of the Sum of One Million, granted to His Majesty, to defray any Extraordinary Services incurred, or to be incurred, on Account of Military Services for the Year 1781.

Dates of Warrants*

1781. February 5th.

13th.

28th.

6>

March 12th. May 21 ft. June 18th.

July 5th. iCth.

To Thomas Harley and Henry Drummond, Esquires, to be by them applied and invested in the purchasing Spanijhand Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of the Forces serving in North America To Ditto, to be by them invested in Span and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces serving in D°

To Ditto, to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces serving in D°

To Ditto, to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces serving in D®

To Ditto, to be by them invested in Spanish and Coins, for the Use

and Service of His Majesty's Forces serving in D°

To Ditto, to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces serving in D°

To Ditto, to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces serving in D° -To Ditto, to be by them invested in Sp and Coins, for the Use

and Service of His Majesty's Forces serving in D®

To Ditto, to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces serving in D°

To Ditto, to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Forces serving in D®, in Part of a Warrant for £. 100,000 ——

War Office, 25th February 1782.

l- s. d.

27,401 18 3

i3>5°° 7 1

226,116 15 2

156,213 6 5

62,136 3 7

174,1*4 5 5

73,882 11 8

19,060 *7 1

*59,474 — 5

O 1-4 oc 00 14 11

,000,000 — **

C. Jenkinson.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrafted Bill for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road

near Parlon, to Monkland Mill, and from the Turnpike Road on Fair Mile Field to the Turnpike Road at Broad Heath, and from the Turnpike Road at or near the Fords Bridge, to the Turnpike Road near Stock-ton, and from Kyre Common to the Turnpike Road at Grcndon Green, in the Counties of Hereford and Worcester, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 9. 1. 4. To leave out from " Months" to " and, " in Line 7.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the Willerjley Turnpike Road near Parton, to Monkland Mill, and from the Turnpike Road on Fair Mile Field to the Turnpike Road at Broad

Heath,.and from the Turnpike Road at or near the Fords Bridge, to the Turnpike Road near Stockton, and from Kyre Common to the Turnpike Road at Grendon Green, in the Counties of Haind Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 38.

Mr. Byng prefen ted to the House, according to Order, St. John'*, a Bill for amending and repairing the Pavement in, and &c-for lighting such of, the several Streets, Lanes, Ways, ^pj^nfter and other Places, in the United Parishes of Saint Mar- *v "8'

garet and Saint John the Evangelist, in Westminster, as are at present excluded from the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend and render more effectual " several Acts made relating to paving, cleansing, and " lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places " within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts " adjacentand for preventing Nuisances and Annoy-' ances in or near the fame: And the same was re-' ceived; and read the Firfi. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Dersertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Com Supply.-mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him

10I to

Ship* broken up, &c.

Account of Money received for Ships fold.

Game Law*.

Ways and Mean*.

856

2 50 — 2 6°Februarii.

A. 1782.

to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixteen thousand Three hundred and Sixty-four Pounds Ten Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to enable the Com-inissioners appointed by virtue of an Act of the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to veil certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for thebet- ter securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores " at Plymouth and Sheerncfs, and for better defending " the Passage of the River Thames at Gravefencl and " Tilbury Fort," to make Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments at and near Plymouth, as have been purchased for the Purposes of the said Act, and also of another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to explain and amend so much of the before-mentioned Act as relates to the Security of His Majesty *s Docks, Ships, and Stores at Plymouth, and for the Lois or Damage sustained by the Owners or Occupiers of Lands at or near Plymouth, in Consequence of the said Acts.

The said Rel'olution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Ord, Mr. Mr.

Strachey, and Sir Richard Sutton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Ships of the Line and Frigates broken up or fold between the ill of January 1771 and the ift of January 1782, distinguishing the Year; together with the Report of the Navy Board on the State of each Ship, previous to her being broken up or fold, and when fold, with what Stores.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums of Money received for any of His Majesty's Ships of the Line, or Frigates, fold between the 1 ft of January 1771 and the ift of 1782, distinguishing the Ship and the Sum j and also the Gross Amount of the Sums of Money anting from the Sale of Old Stores within the said Times, and the Uses to which thefeSums have been applied.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to revise the Laws relating to the Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called England: And that they do report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Coke of Norfolk, Sir Edxoard dfley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was di-16

rested by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means lor railing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of tire whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 26* die Februarii;

Anno 22* Georgii III*" Regis, 1782.

e

Prayers.

THE House was moved, That the Ordermade upon Timptri.

Friday last, for taking into further Considera- - with action Tomorrow Morning, the Matter of the Complaint made to the House upon the 28th Day of January last, respecting Thomas Broughton, of Honiton, Currier, might be read.

And tire laid Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Complaint be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Arconntd Account of the Names and Tonnage of Ships already employed in the Service of the Company, and of such Gthers as are now building, or contracted for to be built and employed in that Service.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Birminghw thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Parish of bromwich, in the County of Stafford: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Ditto, thereunto subscribed, principal Inhabitants in the Parish of Wednesbury (in the Neighbourhood of Westbromwich) in the County of Stafford: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Ditto, thereunto subscribed, Freeholders in the Parish of Darlaston (in the Neighbourhood of Westbromwich) in the County of Stafford;

Were severally presented to the House, and read. Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation to make and maintain an Extension of Canal from the Parish of Westbrorrnvich to Broadwater Fire Engine, and to make Six Collateral Cuts from the same to lead to several Coal Mines; and setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, that the Proprietors of the said Birmingham Canal Will, by the said Collateral Cuts, obtain Pof-session of large Sources of Water, and throw the same up by Fire Engines to the Summit of the Birmingham Canal, and by that Means for ever prevent a Communication by Water taking Place upon a Low Level between the said Coal Mines and the Coventry Canal Navigation: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

The

22 Geo. III. 2 6° Februarii.857

gham The Order of the Day being read, for the Second ition. Reading of the Bill to enable the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation to make and maintain an Extension of Canal from the Parish of to Broadwater Fire Engine, and to make Six Collateral. Cuts from (he fame, to lead to several Coal Mines;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Weeks, the 19th Day of next,

ping of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

ers and (|,e better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in men. j_j

is Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels: And that Mr. Stephens, the Earl of and Mr. Penton,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

laimed Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Money, Relief of Naval Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, with respect to Prize and Bounty Money not claimed in due Time: And that Mr. Stephens, the Earl of Lijbnrne, and Mr. Pentdo prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

ntiiam A Petition of Robert Langford, of in

:lofure. the County of Oxford, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in the last Session of Parliament, the Petitioner applied to the House for a Bill for inclosing certain Lands in the Parish of Ensham, and for setting out and regulating Part thereof as a Common Paftnre; and that while the Bill was before a Committee of the whole House, a Clause was received for exonerating certain inclosed Lands, situate within the said Parish, from a Right of Common at a particular Time in every Year, and for establishing certain annual Payments chargeable thereon, in lieu of such Right; and that the Petitioner finds a Petition of several Persons, who were entitled to such Right of Common as aforesaid, has been presented to the House, alledging, that the said Clause was inserted in the Bill without their Knowledge or Consent, and that the same was injurious to them; and the Petitioner finds that he, or his Attorney, is charged with having procured that Clause to be inserted in the said Bill; and that the Petitioner is much surprized to find himself, or his Attorney, charged with any improper Conduct relative to the Clause in Question, as the Substance of that Clause was communicated to a great Number of the Parties who attended a Public Meeting at Ensham, which was called for that Purpose about the End of April last, and they then expressed their Approbation thereof; and that the Petitioner believes the said Clause not any wife injurious to the Parties interested, as it establishes certain Payments which had subsisted for several Years, and that the Payments fb established are equal to the Value of the Right of Common extinguished by the Bill: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by his Counsel, before the Committee to whom the said Petition is referred, against the said Charge, and also touching the several Matters contained in the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration 0ftheC0mmitt.ee, to whom the Petition of his Grace the Duke of Marlborough, and the humble Petition of Benjamin Holloway, James Wajiie, John Arnatl, Jonathan Arnatt, Charles Smith, and Richard Watkins, and the several other Persons whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of certain inclosed Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Ensham, in the County of Oxford, is referred.

Ordered, That the said Committee do report their Opinion to the House upon the Matters contained in the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the said Robert , Esquire,

V OJL. 38.

have Leave to be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Support of the Allegations contained in the Petition of his Grace the Duke of Marlborough, and the humble Petition of Benjamin Holloway, James Wajiie, John Arnatt, Jonathan Arnatt, Robert Wilfdon,

Charles Smith, and Richard Watkins, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Owners and Proprietors of certain inclosed Lauds and Hereditaments in the Parish of Ensham, in the County of Oxford.

A Bill for allowing further Time to negotiate by Ayr Bank. Indorsement the Bonds issued in pursuance of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution certain Proposals made " by the most Noble Henry Duke of the

" most Noble Charles Duke of Queensberry and,

and others, for redeeming the Annuities granted by " the Company of the Bank of Ayr, in that Part of " Great Britain called Scotland, known under the " Firm of Douglas, Heron, and Company," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hunter Blair, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, Stourbridge an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of Navigation. His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the Slaffordshire and Worcestershire Canal at or near Stour ton, in the County of Stafford, and also Two Collateral Cuts therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Laivley, Sir John Wrottesley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and stone, &c. enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the First Year of His Road*

firefent Majesty, for amending and widening the Road rom the Town of Stone to Wordjley Green Gate, and from the West End of Bilston Street in Wolverhampton, to the High Street, opposite the Old in Dudley, and from a Place called Burnt Tree, near Dudley, to Birmingham, and from the Market Cross in Wolverhampton to Cannock, in the Counties of Stafford,

Worcester, and Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Lawley, Sir John Wrottesley,&c._: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fire of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act Tam won b, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, R°*d»*

" An Act for repairing and widening several Roads " leading to and through the Borough of Tamworth,

* and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, and Derby," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That, the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Lawley, Sir John Wrottesley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering an^ Sfonrbridge, enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Second Year of &c. Road*. His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Market.House in Stourbridge to Gate in Cradley, and other Roads therein mentioned,

in

858 260 Februarii. A. 1782/

in the Counties of Worecfer, Stafford, and Salop, so far as the same relates to the Roads leading from the Market House in Stourbridge to Colly Gate, and from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and from Colly Gate to llalef owen; and for opening a more commodious Communication with the Bii'mingham Turnpike Road, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ord, Sir John Wrottesley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Tenbury . A Bill for reviving and continuing the Term, and Roach, enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty, intituled, <c An Act for amending,

" widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in (f and near to the Town of Tenbury, in the Counties of " Salop, Worcester, and Hereford" and for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the Kncxvle Gate to the Turnpike Road on the Clee Hill, leading from Ludlow to Cleubury Mortimer, and from KyreMill to the Turnpike Road leading from Bromyard to Tenbury, in the said Counties, was read a Second Time.

llefolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ord, Mr. Alderman Harley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Land Tax Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day

Commit- Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole sioners.* House, upon the Bill for ratifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, lt An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a " Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the "\Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Eighty-one," and for appointing other Commissioners together with those named in the First-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two.

Wandsworth A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Inclosure. thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants within the Parish of Wandsworth, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields within the Parish of Wandjworlh, in the County of Surrey; and setting forth, That the Petitioners and the Inhabitants within the said Parish, have immemorially enjoyed a Right of turning Cattle upon the Common and Open Fields intended to be inclosed at certain Times in every Year; and that if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it now Hands, it will be highly prejudicial to the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners and the other Inhabitants within the said Parish: And therefore praying, That r they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as are injurious to their Rights and Interests, and have such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Regulating \ Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine th Forces'ne Forces while on Shore, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Account of Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the

Army Account of Extraordinary Services incurred, and paid XtraS* by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster

General of His Majesty's Forces, between the 31st of January 1781 and the ift of February 1782, and not provided for by Parliament (which was Yesterday presented to the House) be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Distribution Account of the Distribution of the Sum of One Million, of granted to His Majesty to defray any extraordinary Arm)'ExtrM* Services incurred, or to be incurred, on Account of Military Services for the Year 1781 (which was Yesterday presented to the House) be printed, as shall be sufficierit for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Alderman Newnham presented to the House, Ransoming according to Order, a Bill to prohibit the Ransoming of Capturti. of Ships or Vessels captured from His Majesty's Subjects, and of the Merchandize or Goods on Board such Ships or Vessels: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Chaytor presented to the House, according to Haleworthy, Order, a Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and &c* Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from IJaleworthy, in the Parish of Davidstow, in the County of Cornwall, to the East End of Wadebridge, in the said County, and from the West End of Wadebridge aforesaid, into and through the Borough of Mitchell, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Kenrick presented to the House, according to Ransoming Order, a Bill for making Compensation to the Pro- of Capture prietors of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties oi-Cornwall and Devon, purchased in pursuance of Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His

Erefent Majesty, for better securing His Majesty's locks, Ships, and Stores, at Plymouth and Sheerness, and for better defending the PafiTage of the River Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fdrt; and the other in the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for explaining and amending so much of the said Act as relates to the Security of His Majesty's Decks, Ships, and Stores, at Plymouth; and to certain Proprietors and Occupiers of Land at or near Plymouth, who have sustained any Loss or Damage in Consequence of the said Acts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for American the better detaining, and the more easy Exchange of Pnloners-American Prisoners brought into Great Britain: And that Mr. Burke, General Burgoyne, and Mr. Frederick Montagu, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the WaysanJ Committee of the whole House, to whom it wras referred Mean*, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee haddirested him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Thirteen Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds be raised by Annuities, and the further Sum of Four hundred and Five thousand Pounds by a Lottery, in Manner following: That is to say,

22 GEb. III. 269 Feb'ruarii. 859

That every Grtntfribiitor to flie said Thirteen MilliortS That every Contributor fit all, on or before the id and

Five hundred thousand Pounds shall for every One Day of March next, make a Deposit of Fifteen Pounds Means;

-hundred Pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to per Cehon such Sum as he or she shall clioofe to the Principal Sum of One hundred Pounds in An- subscribe towards raiGng the said Sum of Thirteen inrittes, after the Rate Of Three Pounds per Centum, to Millions Frve hundred thousand Pounds, with the Chief commence from the 5th Day of January iySi, and Cashier or CaQiiers of the Governor and Company of shall be added to and made One Joint Stock with the the Bank of; and also, a Deposit of Fifteen

Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, consolidated by Pounds per Centum with the said Cashier or Cashiers.in the Acts of the Twenty-fifth, Twenty-eighth, Twenty- Pkrt of the Monies to be contributed towards raiGng ninth, Thirty-fLcond, and Thirty-third Years Of the the Gild Sum of Four hundred atld Five thousand Reign of his late Majesty George the Second, and by Pounds by a Lottery, as a Security for making the several subsequent Acts, and shall be payable and trans- future Payments respectively on or before the Days or ieiTkble at the Bank o iEngland, at the same Time,'and Times herein after limited: That is to say, in the same Manner, and fohject to the like Redemp- On 13,500,000 tb lie raised by Annuities,

tion by Parliament, as the said Three Pounds per Cen- £. 10 per Centum on or before the 12th Day of April consolidated Annuities are payable and trunsferrable next.

there: £.10per Centum on or before the 7th Day of

That every such Contributor shall also be entitled to next, the further Principal Sum of Fifty Pounds in Annuities, £. 16 per Centum, oh or before the 13th Day of June alter the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum, to com- next.

mence from the 5th Day of April 1782, and shall be £. 10 per Centum on or before the 19th Day of July added to and made One Joint Stock with certain Art- next.

unities, after the Rate of Fortr Pounds per Centum,£.15 per Centum on or before the 2 2d Day off August which were consolidated by the Acts of the Twentieth next.

and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of His prfefent £. 10 per Centuin on or before the 20th Day Majesty, and shall be payable and transfer rable at the tern her next.

Bank of England, at the same Time, and in the same £. 10 per Centum on oir before the 24th Day of Oc~

Manner, and subject to the like Redemption by Par- tober next.

liament, as the said Four Pounds per Centum consoli- £. 10 per Centutn on or before the 26th Day of Mi-

dated Annuities are payable and transferable there: Vetnbe next.

That every such Contributor shall likewise be entitled O11 the Lottery for 405,000.

to an Annuity of Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence per £. ±o pe'rCttitu'm riii of before the 28th Ddy of Jl Centum, to commence from the 5U1 Day of Jimtdrynexti

1782, and to continue for the Term of Seventy-eight £. 25 per Centum on or before the 9th Day of July Years, and then toceafe, over and above the Principal next.

Sums of One hundred Pounds, after the Rate of £. 20 per Centum On or before the ibth Drty of -Sep-Three Pounds per Centum per Annum*, and Fifty-Pounds tetnber next.

after the Rate of Four Pobnds per Centum per Aiinim, in £. 20 per Centum Oh or before the 11 th Day of Oc-tfefpe& of every One hhndred Pounds to be contributed tober rtext.

and paid towards raising the said Sum of Thirteen Mil- That all the Monies To to be received by the said ons Five hundred thousand Pounds; which said Annuity Chief Cashiet or CashierS Of the GOvernO arid Coiii-of Severtteeh Shillings and Six Pence per Ceilttim, so to pany of the Bank of England, shall be paid iVito the continue for Seventy-eight Years, shall be added to Receipt of the Exchequer, to be applied from Time to and made One Joint Stock With certain Annuities pay- Time to such Set-vibes as shall theu have beert voted by able at the Bank of Eiiglahd, which were granted for this Houseifi this Session of Parliament: the several Terms of Ninety-nihe, Ninety-eight, and 'that every Contributor Who shall pay in the Whole Eighty Years, and were, by the A fits of the Fourth of his or her Contribution Money towards the Sum of and Twentieth Years of the Reign of His present Ma- Thirteen Millions Fivehundrted thousand Pounds, to be jesty, consolidated and made One Joint Stock, and contributed for Annuities as aforesaid, at any Time be-shall be paid and payable, and transferable, at the same fore the 23d Ddy of October next, or on Account of Time, and in the same Manner, as the said Annuities, his or her Shari? in the said Lottery on or before the so consolidated by the Afcts of the Fourth and Tweh- gth Day of next; shall be allowed in Interest

tieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, are by way of Discount, after the Rate of Three Pounds payable and transferable at the said Bank of England: per Centum per Annum on the Sum so completing his That the set eril Annuities, after the Rate of Three or her Contribution respectively, to be compu fed from Pounds per Centum, Four Pounds per Centum, and Se- the Day of completing the same to the 26th Day of venteen Shillings and Six Pence per Centum, so to be November next ifi regard to the Sum to be paid for payable as aforesaid, shall be charged and chargeable the said Annuities, and to the 1 ith Day of October next upon, and payable out of, a Find to be established in in rfefpeft of thfe Sutti to be paid on Account of the said this Session of Parliament for Pdvnfont thereof, and Lottery; and that ill fufch Persons as shall rhake their , for which the Sinking Fund shall be a collateral Secu- foil Payments oh the said Lottery, shall have their rity: 'tickets delivered to them as soon is they can con-

That every Contributor towards raising the said Sum veniently be made out. of Thirteen Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds The said Resolution being lead a Second Time, was, shall, for every One thousand Pounds contributed, be upon the Question pdt thereupon, agreed to by tna entitled to Three Tickets in a Lottery to confill of House;

Forty thousand Five hundred Tickets, amounting to That a Bill, or Bills, be brought|in, upon the

Four hundred and Five thousand Pounds, upon Pay- said Resolution: And that Mr. the Lord North, ment of the further Sum of Ten Pounds for each the Lord Westcote, the Lord Palmerston, Sir Richard Ticket; the said Four hundred and Five thousand Sutton, Mr. Buller, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Soli-Pouncls to be distributed into Prizes, for the Benefit of citor General, Sir Grey , and Mr Robinson,

the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Lottery, which shall be paid in Money at the Bank of

England to fitch Proprietors, upon Demand, as soon And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

after the ift Day of March 1783 as Certificates can be Moriiing, Ten of the Clock,

prepared, without any Deduction whatsoever*

Vol. 38.

10 K

Game Laws.

Petition from London against the War.

White Cross to Beverley Road.

Poor Relief and Employment.

Faversham, &c. Road*

860 27 0 FeiruariL . 1782.

Mercurit, 270 die Februarii;

Anno 22* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1782.

PraYeRs.

/\RDERED, That the Committee, who are appointed to revise the Laws relating to the Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called England, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, have Power to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House,

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council afletr.bled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was readSetting forth, That the Petitioners, in the present State of Public Affairs, moved by every Sentiment that can impress the Human Mind with Regard for the Common Welfare of this Kingdom and its Dependencies, are impelled to implore this honourable House to interpose, in such Manner as to their Wisdom shall seem most effectual, for preventing the Continuance of the unfortunate War with America.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir James Pennymanreported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Road leading from White Cross, in the Parish of Leven, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Beverley, in the same County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments' thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Harbord Ilarbord reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said

Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Filmer Hollywood reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from The High Post Road near the Town of Faversham, by Bacon's H'ater, through Ashford, to the Town and

Port of Hythe, in the County of Kent, and from Bacon's Water to a certain Lane called Holy , in

cheap, near the City of Canterbury, was committed;

That the Committee bad examined the Allegation* of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed hun to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Sir Watkin Williams Wynn reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners of Lands and Residents within the several Counties of Cliester and Denbigh, or one of them, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Robert Alderjey, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Road leading from Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Barnhill, in the County of Chester, is much out of Repair; that there are several hollow Ways in it, which are very narrow and incommodious; and that the said Road cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Barnhill, in the County of Chester: And that Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, Sir Robert Salusbury and Mr. Crewe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Gliddon, from the Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes within the City of Westminster, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

Copy of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament made in the Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty's Reign, relating to paving, cleansing,'and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, from the 2d Day of January 1781 to the 18th Day of December 1781, both inclusive: Also, an Account of all Contrafts and Agreements made by the said Commissioners within the above Time.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Philip Jennings Clerke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papilts, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ehces reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for allotting Part of Ham, in the

Parish of Minsterworth, in the County of to

Charles Barroiv, El'quire, in lieu of his Common Rights

thereupon

Wffxh^H Bat hi* Roai

WfftnwJb

Pavmj.

Derfoal W :1k.

Mlllftfrirtfi Ham At* meat.

pply Bill; Infinities, &c.

Leave of Absence.

iccount of iurplufies, it c.

lesolution nd Address igainst ontinuing he War.

12 Geo. III. 17* — 28° Februarii.

thereupon, and for allowing Exchanges within the said Pari Hi, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and he read the Keportin his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, m at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Booth Grey have Leave to go into the Country for Five Weeks, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1782, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Surpluses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, which was

this Day presented to the House, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the City of Bristol, which was presented to the House upon the 28th Day of January last, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the City of Bristol, which was presented to the House upon

the 11 th Day of this Instant February, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it is the Opinion of this House, that, the further Prosecution of offensive War on the Continent of North America, for the Purpose of reducing the revolted Colonies to Obedience by Force, will be the Means of weakening the Efforts of this Country against her European Enemies; tends, "under the present Circumstances, dangerously to increase the mutual Enmity so fatal to the Interests both of Great Britain and America; and, by preventing an happy Reconciliation with that Country, to frustrate the earned Desire graciously expressed by his Majesty to restore the Blessings of Public Tranquillity;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Fortnight;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yea^;:

Teller, for the Noes|f }

So it pa{fed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this House, That the further Prosecution of offensive War on the Continent of North America, for the Purpose of reducing the revolted Colonies to Obedience by Force, will be

VOL. 38.

the Meads of weakening the Efforts of this Country . against her European Enemies; tends, under the present Circumstances, dangerously to increase the mutual Enmity so fatal to the interests both of Great Britain and America-, and, by preventing an happy Reconciliation with that Country, to frustrate the earned Desire graciously expressed by His Majesty to restore the Blessings of Public Tranquillity.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, most humbly to represent to His Majesty, that the further Prosecution of offensive War on the Continent of North America, for the Purpose of reducing the revolted Colonies to Obedience by Force, will be the Means of weakening the Efforts of this Country against her European Enemies; tends, under the present Circumstances, dangerously to increase the mutual Enmity so fatal to the Interests both of Great Britain and America; and, by preventing an happy Reconciliation with that Country, to frustrate the earnest Desire graciously expressed by His Majesty to restore the Blessings of Public Tranquillity.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's Mod honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty's Pleasure when He will be attended by this House.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon Ca)| of: this Day Seven night, for the House to be called over the House. Tomorrow, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 7th Day of March next.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Way*

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the and Mean*, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Supply.

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.;

And then the House, having continued to fit till near Two of the Clock on Thursday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Jovis, 28° die Februarii;

Anno 22° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

THE Order of the Day being read, for the Se- Poor cond Reading of the Bill to prevent vexatious Removal*. Removals of the Poor;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way suppjy b;jj. of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery, was read Annuitiea, a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to aCommittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr.

86i

H8° Februarii.

A 1782.

Wharam's Mr. Rickard Hill reported from the-Committee, to

Stirrup! whom the Bill for enlarging the Term of a Patent

granted to Anne Whara for making a certain Sort of Spring Stirrup, wax committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Loyne Mr. Stanley presented to the House, according t.o

Kru). % c Order, a Bill for building a new Bridge, in dead of the

Lancaster. present ancient Bridge, commonly called

Bridge, at a more convenient Place ora- tlae River Boyne, near the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Jtcfolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and MJtii Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty- 1 fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for allotting Part of Minjlenoorth Ham, in the Parish of Minsterworth, in the County of Atome. Gloucester, to Charles Barrow, Esquire, is lieu of his Common Rights thereupon, and for allowing Exchanges within the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allotting Part of Ham, in

the Parish of Minjlenoorth in the County of to Charles Barroto, Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns. in

.lieu of his Common Rights thereupon, and for allowing Exchanges within the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Elzves do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

I mportation of Italian Thrown Silk.

Billet's

Nat.

Completing

the

Militia.

Supplying Mariners and Seamen*

Unclaimed

Prize

Money.

Time appointed for receiving Addrefr.

Bill enabling Mis Majesty to make Peace- with Am rites.

A Messagefrom the Lords, by Mr. Fames and Mr. Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of Fine Organized Italian Thrown Silk in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Claudius Billet; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for keeping the Militia Forces of this Kingdom complete, during the Time therein mentioned; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Stephens presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty‘s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and otherTrading Ships and Vessels; And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Stephens presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Relief of Naval Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, with respect to Prize and Bounty Money not claimed in due Time: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That tire Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the House, That His Majesty having been waited upon pursuant to the Order of Yafterday (humbly to know His Majesty's PLeafure when He would be pleased to be attended by this House) had been pleased to appoint to be attended Tomorrow, at Three of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-

?ofed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable lis Majesty to conclude a Peace or Truce with the revolted Colonies in North America;

Resolved, That the said Proportion be referred tq the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Proportion.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and PoW- WMteW ers of an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of 10 His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Road leading from White Cross in the Parish of Leven, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York,

to the Town of Beverley, in the same County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Itoad leading from White Cross, in the Parish of Leven, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Beverley, in the same County.

Ordered, That Sir James Pennyman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dcflre their Concurrence.

The Other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ltc Mrt House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Ma- ot<* jetty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

The House being informed that Mr. from Accorj

the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, attended at the Door: he was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, State of Ships in the Company's Service, with an Account of the Names and

Tounage of such Ships already employed in the Service of the India Company, and of such others as " are now building, or have Leave to build."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Tire said Paper is preserved araongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of tire Clock.

ai Geo. Ill

i° Martii.

863

Veneris, i° Martii;

Anno 12* Georgii III1" Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

urn meat. jt> ESOLVED, That this House will, at the Rising

of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

denham Mr. MeUish reported from the Committee, to whom Roads, the Bill foren'arging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from a " Place called Little gale, at the Top of Leadenham,

" in the Countvof Lincoln, to the West Eud of * by Gate, in Newark upon and from the Guide

" Poll at the Division of Kelham and Lanes,

" to Mansfield, and from Sou Unveil to Ox/on, in the " County of Nottingham;" and for repairing the Road from the West Side of Neioar Bridge to the said Guide

Post, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haddirested him to report to the House; and he read the Report iu his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

fJatlicrley Mr. Chaytorreported from the Committee, to whom oor Roads, the Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending and widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road upon Gatherley Moor, in the County of York, to in

" the County of Durham, and from the said Turnpike " Road, near Smallways, across the River Tees, to Win-ufion, in the said County of Durham', and for building a " Bridge over the said River at or near Winflon Ford," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Tampering The Order of the Day being read, for talcing into further Consideration the Matter of the Complaint made to the House upon the 28th Day of

respecting Thomas Broughton, of Honiton, Currier;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Complaint be taken into further Consideration upon Morning next.

w The Order of the Day being read, for the House

and Means. *° resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That Surplusses, ltated the 5th Day of April 1781, be referred to the said Committee.

Yol. 38.

Ordered, That Surpluses, dated the 10th Day of October 1781, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Comuiittee.That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, *0 consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Annuities upon the Bill for rcifing a certain Sum of Money by *nd botiery. Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, w hen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

Sir Robert Laxvky reported from the Committee, to Bilftoa

whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Land Can*L

Owners, Trade (men, Manufacturers, and others, of the Town of Birmingham, and the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.on Behalf of themselves and others; and also the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, of the Town of Birmingham, and the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, were Severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with ;and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove tire Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition,

Mr. Samuel Simcock, a Surveyor, informed your Committee, That it is practicable to make a Canal for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels, with heavy Burthens, from extenfrve Coal Mines in the Liberty of Bilfion, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parishes of Sedgtey, Tipton otherwise Tibbington, Wedtiesbury, and Westbromwich, in the County of Stafford, to or near Birmingham, in the County of and from the Neighbourhood of Birmingham to communicate with the Coventry Canal Navigation (intended to be completed between Atherstone and the Canal from the Trent to the Mersey)at or near in the Pa-

tish of Drayton Baffett, in the said County of Stafford, and conduced through or near the several Parishes, Hamlets, or Places of Bilfion, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, Sedgley, Tipton otherwise Tibbinglou^Wednes-

10 L bury.

Preston to Lancaster kc. Road.

Army; Mutiny and Dtfertien.

War in the Carnatic*

864 1° — 4*

bury, Weflbromwidt, and Handftin the County of

Stafford, Aston ju.ila Birmingham, Curdworth, Mar*

ston, and Middleton, in the County of Warwick, and

Drayton BaJJHt, in the County of Stafford.

That the making of the said Canal will be of great Advantage to the several Towns and Places lying near the Course thereof, and likewil'e to the Town of Birmingham, the Port of Hull, the Counliesof Northampton, Bucks, Warwick, Oxford, and; by Means whereof

Coals, and other Merchandize, may be carried and conveyed to and from the several Places before-mentioned) and that when the Coventry and Oxford Canals are completed^ Communication by Water will be opened to the Port of London. — Then,

Mr. Thomas Faulconbridge being examined, said. That the making of the said Canal will be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the Town of by supplying them with Coals, and enabling them to fend their Manufactures to the Ports of Gainsborough and Hull nearer by Eighteen Miles than they can do at present; and that the Convenience of Back Carriage will also be very advantageous to the said Town. — And,

Mr. William Kendrick informed your Committee, That there are many thousand Acres of Coal within the Parishes near to which the Canal is proposed to be made, which at present are not worked, Gentlemen being unwilling to open their Mines on Account of the Expence of Carriage, having no Mode of Conveyance to Market by Water, which will be effected by the proposed Canal.

Then, to prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition,

Mr. Simcock said. That by the Survey taken, it will be necessary to conduct the Canal through the Pa-rillies of Sutton Coldfield and Kingsbuiy, as well as the several Parishes described in the JL'irft-mentioned Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal front certain Coal Mines in the Liberty of and Parishes

of Wolverhampton, Sedgley, Tipton, Wednesbury, and Westbromioich, in the County of Stafford, to or near Birmingham, and from thence tocommunicate with the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Drayton Baffett, in the said County: And that Sir Robert Lawley, Sir George Shuckburgh, Sir William Dolben, and Mr. Page, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Preston to Lancaster, and from thence to a Place called Ileiring Syke, thatdivides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmoreland; without any Amendment, And: also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punifljing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland, from the Committee of Secrecy appointed to enquire into the causesof the War that now subsists in the Carnatic, and of the present Condition of the British Possessions in those Parts, and to report the same to the House, with their Observations thereupon; and who were inllrufted to enquire into the Rile, Progress, Conduct, and present State of thgftUaratta War, and all other Hostilities in which the Pre-fid:"iicv of Bengal now are or have been engaged in the Support of that War, and of the Effects which the said War and Hostilities may have produced in Bengal, 18

Martii. A. 1782.

and the other Settlements and Possessions of the East India Company, acquainted the House, That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to make another Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

1 he said Report is preserved amongst th* other Papers of this Session.

N.B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir Philip Jennings Clerke have Leave to make a Motion, it being after 'Two of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for restraining any Person, being a Member of the House of Commons, from being concerned himself, or any Person inTruft for him, in any Contraft made by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, the Coro-m.ifiioners of the Navy, the Board of Ordnance, or by any other Person or Persons, for the Public Service, unless the said Contraft shall be made at a Public Bidding: And that Sir Philip Jennings Clerke and Mr. Fox do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

LutuE) 40 Martii;

Anno 22* Georgii III‘>* Regis, 1782.

Praters.

f\RDERF.D, That Mr. Speakerdo issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Chichester, in the County of fer, in the room of the honourable Lieutenant General William Keppel, deceased.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, by the East. India Company, a Statement of the Annual Receipts and Disbursements at Madras, for the Years 1763, 1764, 1765, and 1766, in the same Manner as the Annual Account is stated in the Report of the Secret Committee for the succeeding Years, ending with 1779, signed by the Auditor.

The Lord Leieifham, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merrts of the Petition of divers free Burgesses, being Electors for the B< ►rough of Colchester, in the County of r, on Behalf of themselves and of Edmund Affleck, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Christopher Potter, Esquire, is not duly elected

a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Ejffex:

And also, That the said Select Committee have1determined.

That Edmund Affleck. Esquire, ought to have been

returned

Supply.

Membffit

to be wk cerneo ino tain Us tracu.

Chickfe new \\i

Eift Inca Accom

Colchffe

2 2 Geo. III. 4° Martii.

returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Colchester:

And also, That the said Select Committee havedeter* mined,

That the said Edmund Affleck* Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Colchester.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, with the lad Return for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, and amend the fame, by ruling out the Name of Christopher Potter, Esquire, and inserting the Name of Edmund Affleck, Esquire, instead thereof.

crefl on A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are k Debt, thereunto subscribed, being Manufacturers and Traders within the Borough of Preston, in the County of Lancaster, and in the Neighbourhood thereof, waspresented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are in formed. That Petit ions have been preferited to the House from the Manufacturers and Traders in London and Westminster, and other Places, dating the many Hardships they labour under from the long Credit they are often obliged to give to their Employers, and that it would tend very much to reduce the Price of Labour, and of Goods and Articles in Trade, if Look Debts were pennitted to bear Interest, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, after the Expiration of a certain limited Credit; and that the Petitioners have experienced many of the Hard ships and Inconveniencies which arise from giving long Credit in the Course of Trade, without any Allowance for the fame, and are fully sensible of the Truth of the Allegations contained in such Petitions, and submit to the House, that if Book Debts were, alter a limited Credit, permitted to carry Interest, many of the Grievances which the Petitioners and other Traders labour under from long Credit being given would be removed, and it would be attended with salutary Effects as well to the Petitioners, and all other Traders and Manufacturers, as to the Public in general And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to grant such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Orderedflbal the said Petition do lie upon the Table

rkwrght's A Petition of the Cotton and Callico Manufacturers Cotton of the Town and Neighbourhood of Blackburn, in the

aciuncry. County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are apprized, that Richard Arkwright, of Cromford, in the County of Derby, Cotton Manufacturer, hath made Application to the House for an Act to give him the exclusive Use of certain Spinning Machines for making Cotton into Yarn for a further Term, as an Extension of a Patent granted to him in the Year 1769; and that the Petitioners conceive the said Richard Arkwright hath not by his Petition given the House a true State of Facts, norcan hosupport them when other Reasonsare brought in Opposition; and that a Grant of exclusive Privileges to the said Richard Arkwright would be of the utmost Detriment to the Manufacturers of Cottons and Callicoes in general, as well as to a much more numerous Body of useful poor People than he can employ: And 'therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, in Opposition to the said Application, and that a Bill may not pass for the Purposes prayed for by the said Richard Arkwright.

A Petition of the Cotton Manufacturers of the Town and Neighbourhood of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the Cotton Manufacturers of the Town and Neighbourhood of Bolton, in the County of Lan-caster: And also,

Vol. 38. \

A Petition of the Cotton Manufacturers of the Town and Neighbourhood of Stockport, in the County of

Chester;

Were Severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Application mentioned in the Iaft preceding Petition; and setting forth.

That the same states some Facts which are not strictly true, and likewise draws Inferences and Conciuftons from them which are ill-founded and misrepresented.and the Petitioners therefore beg to be heard in Contradiction thereof; and that the continuing of the Term of the said Patent would be of the greatest and most prejudicial Consequence to the Manufacturers in the Cotton Trade: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Application, and that a Bill may not pass for the Purposes prayed for by the said Petition.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Arkwright, of Cromford > in the County of Derby, Cotton Manufacturer, is referred.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

A Bill for building a new Bridge instead of the pre- Lovne sent ancient Bridge, commonly called Lancaster Bridge, ^^caster^ at a more convenient Place over the River Loyne, near the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Eger ton, Sir John Hujfey Dclaval, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Leadenham of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign Hill Road, of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from a " Place called Litllegate, at the Top of Leadenham Hill,

of in the County of Lincoln, to the West End of Rarnby " Gate, in Newark upon Trent, and from the Guide <c Post at the Division of Kelharn and Mufkham Lanes,

" to Mansfield, and from Southwell to Oxton, in the " County of Nottinghamand for repairing the Road from the West Side of Newark Bridge to the said Guide Post, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from " a Place called Liltlegate, at the Top of Leadenham " Hill, in the County of Lincoln, to the West End of

Baniby Gate, in Newark upon Trent, and from the " Guide Post at the Division of Kelharn and MufJcham " Lanes, to Mansfield, and from Southwell to Oxton, in the County of Nottingham f and for repairing the Road from the West Side of Newark Bridge to the said Guide Post.

Ordered, That Mr. Mellish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, Faversham made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present &c. Road/ Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the High Post Road near the Town of Faversham, by Bacon's Water, through Ashford, to the Town and Port of Hythe, in the County of Kent, and from Bacon's Water, to a certain Lane called Holy Lane, in Winciteapy near the City of Canterbury, was read the Third Time.

Resolved,

Brecon through Hay Road.

Southwark Court of Record.

Limehouse

Streets.

8(56 40 Martii. A. 1782.

Resolved, That the BiH do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the High Poll Road, near tire Town of by Ba-

con's Heater, through A/hfard, to the Town and Port of Hylhe, in the County of Kent, and from Bacon's Water to a certain Lane called Holy in Wincheap, near

the City of Canterbury.

Ordered, That Mr. Kilmer do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Morgan presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Brecon-, through the Town of May, in the County of Brecon, and also the Road from or nearly from Broynllys Turnpike, to the Village of in

the County of Brecon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Po/hiil presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for diminishing the lve9 payable, and altering the Mode of Proceeding, in the Court of Record of the Town and Borough of Southwark, with respect to Debts and Damages under a certain Value; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the said Court, as to the Recovery of such Debts and Damages, to the several Parities and Places within the Ealiern Half of the Hundred of Brixton, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

A Petition of William Comber F.squire, Pro-

prietor of the Streets calle d Queen Street and Street, in the Hamlet of Ratclife, within the Parish of Saint Anne, Limehouse, in the (bounty of Middlesex, and of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of or interested in Houses in tlte said Streets, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application hath been made for a Bill for paving and freeing from Nuiratices and Annoyances the several Streets* Ways, and Places, within the said Parish o {Saint Anne, Limehouse, in the County of

dlesex, and for making Carriage Ways from Queen Street, Ratclifje, into Rijby's Rope Ground, and through Shoulder of Mutton Alley and Rop Fields, to Three Colt Street, and from the Bridge in Rijby's Rope Ground into Three Colt Street aforesaid; and alledging, that the said Street called Queen Street, which is not included in any Paving Act, adjoins to that Part of the Parish of Saint Anne, Limehouse, Where, by the said in-

tended bill, a new Street is proposed to be formed, and leads from thence into Broad Street near Ralcliffe Cross, through Pump Yard, where an Opening for Carriages is already made; and that the said Street called London Street, which is also not included in aiiv Paving Act, is the direct Way from Queen Street to Mile End Road, and will become a very great Thoroughfare when the said Opening and new Street are completed; and that the Pavement in the said Tw6 Streets is irregular, and not calculated to bear the heavy Carriages which, after the aforesaid Opening and Street are completed, will pass thereon, and the said Streets are annoyed by Nui-fatices and Obstructions; and that the Communication between t he Hamlets of Limeho through

Queen Street, and tVom that Street into End Road, will be incomplete, unless those Two Streets are properly paved and regulated: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for paving the said Streets ('ailed Queen Street and London Street, and keeping the same in Repair, and for preventing Nui-laiices and Annoyances in and near the fame, and removing Obstructions therefrom.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: Ami that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Byng, Mr. Alderman Wilkes,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir John Trevelyan presented to the House, according St. C.it» to Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting lacWm certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Out Parish of Saint Culhbert in Wells, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received \ and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the BiH be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Clement Tudway, Robert Tudway, Charles Richard Chaple Whatley, Roger North, William Ellis, William

Kirton, James North, Charles Porch, Richard , Richard Webb the Rider, James Sweet, Sarah Lax,

James Baron, Caleb Headland, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, which was presented to tlte House upon the 19th Day of February last, and then . ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be brought in, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; a-.d that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel* against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think lit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, again!; the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 19th Day of this I11-haut March.

Mr. Norton presented to the House, according to Cobhir. Order, a Bill to repair, enlarge, and rebuild , *c. Bm;o.

Leatherhead, and Godalming Bridges, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Burke prefertted to the House, according to Or- Amtries der, a Bill for the better detaining and more ealy Ex- Pn|wr! change of American Prisoners brought into Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Jrirf? Order, a Bill for building a Stone Bridge cross the River of 'Thames, from the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore in the

Hamlet of Kew, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Wm , Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred ^oas‘ to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutiou which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as f'olloweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Siunol Two hundred thoul'and Pounds, out of the Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the totli Day of 0< % vber ijli,

'for

apply Bill; Annuitie* ad Lottery.

rands pur* tafe d for scoring the >ock Yards.

Expiring

Laws; Sail Cloth, &c

Contri&s for Salt Petre.

aa Geo. III. 40 Mar867

for the Dispositiofl of Parliament, of the Surpluses, Excesses, Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, com-poling the Fund commonly called Sinking Fund.

The said Resolution being read aSecond Time, was, upon the Qtteftion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Re|»ort in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Rill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questioti severally put thereupon, were agrees! to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Cornwall and purchased in pursuance of Two Acts of Parliament, One made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for bet ter ft curing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores at Plymouth and and for

better defending the Pafi^e of the River Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort-, and the other in the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for explaining and amending so much of the said Act as relates to the Security of His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores at Plymouth; and to certain Proprietors and Occupiers of Land at or near Plymouth, who have, sustained any Loss or Damage in Consequence of the said Acts; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Bifolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; upon the said Bill*

Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britainto the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking oft' several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the fn e Importation of Cochineal and Indico; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and firii computed, written, and printed in Great Britain-, to fee 11 ring the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty; to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of Bril if 1 Corn and Grain in Neutral Ships; to

the allowing the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, to certain Places in North America which are or may be under the Protection of His Majesty's Arms, and from such Places to Great Britain, and other Parts of His Majesty's Dominions; to the impowering His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and restrain the carrying Coastwise, of Copper in Bars or Copper in Sheets; and to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Btfolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of ail Contracts between the Board of Ordnance and John Townfon, Esquire, since the ill of November 17S1, for the Article of Salt Petre.

Vol. 38.

Ordered, That an additional Number of Copies of P«w R.lief the Bill, with the Amendments, for the better Relief E *nd and Employment of the Poor, be printed for the Ule mp °Jrmen of the Members of the House.

Mr. Bofewarne reported from the Committee, who Game Law*, wetfe appointed to revise the Laws relating to the Pie-servation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called England, and to report their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had proceeded to revise the said Laws; and had come to a Resolution thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

An Act, passed in the Twenty-third of Queen Elizabeth, for the Preservation of Pheasantsand Partridges:

And also,

An Act, pasted in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for the belter Preservation of the Game i#that Part of Great Britain allied England: And also.

An Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, to repeal on Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for the better Preservation of the Game within that " Part of Great Britain called Eng," and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; were read.

On considering which, your Committee came to the following Resolution; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Laws now in being for the Preservation of the Game, and particularly for the preventing of Persons assembling in the Night Time for the Destruction of Game, are insufficient, and ought to be amended.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table,

A Bill for the Relief of Naval Officers, Seamen, Ma- Unclaimed rines, and Soldiers, with respect to Prize and Bounty PrieeMouey. Money, not claimed in due Time, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 12th Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen Supplying of to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Mariners and Merchants Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels, Seamtn" was read aSecond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said BUI.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Militia Pay resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon and Clothing, the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great RnVaf/icalled England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Regulating resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ,be Marine upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Forces* Marine Forces while on Shore;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

10 M Mr.

868

4® — 5* Mar tit.

A. 1782.

Answer to Address.

Address of Thanks for the Answer.

Mr. Speaker reported to the House, That the House attended His Majesty on Friday last with their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this Most Gracious Answer:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

There are no Objects nearer to My Heart, than the Ease, Happiness, and Prosperity of My People.

You may be allured, that in pursuance of your Advice, I shall take such Measures as shall appear to Me to be most conducive to the Restoration of Harmony between Great Britain and the revolted Colonies, so essential to the Prosperity of both; and that My Efforts shall be directed in the most effectual Manner against our European Enemies, until such a Peace can be obtained as shall consist with the Interests and permanent Welfare of My Kingdoms.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His Most Gracious Answer to their Address, presented to His Majesty on Friday last; and for the Afl'u ranees His Majesty has most graciously been pleased to give them of His Intention, in pursuance of the Advice of this House, to take such Measures as shall appear most conducive to the Restoration of Harmony between Great Britain and the revolted Colonies; and that His Efforts shall be directed in the most effectual Manner against our European Enemies, until such a Peace can be obtained as shall consist with the permanent Welfare and Prosperity of His Kingdoms. This House being convinced that nothing can, in the present Circumstances of this Country, so essentially promote those great Objects of His Majesty‘s paternal Care for His People, as the Measures which His faithful Commons have most humbly but earnefty recommended to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's Most honourable Privy Council.

the further Prosecution of offensiveWar on the Continent of North America, for the Purpose of reducing the revolted Colonies to Obedience by Force.

Ordered, That Mr. William Pitt have Leave to go L-aveof the Western Circuit. Absence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways and Means.

Resolution against Advisers for continuing the War.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 50 die Martii;

Anno 22* Georgii III*" Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term ofaPatent Wharam'i granted to Anne Wharam, for making a certain PAtent Sort of Spring Stirrup, was read the Third Time. Stirrup.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term of a Patent granted to Anne Wharam, for making a certain Sort of Spring Stirrup.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Hill do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, accord- Colchester ing to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of £|cd*10D' Colchester, in the County of Essex.

An ingrossed Bill to continue and enlarge the Term Gatherley and Powers of an A&, made in the First Year of the Moor Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for oa u

" amending and widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road upon Gatherley Moor, in the County of cc York, to Staindropy in the County of Durham, and <c from the said Turnpike Road near Smallway s9 across " the River Tees, to Winsion, in the said County of " Durham; and for building a Bridge over the said " River at or near Wiifion Fordwas read the Third lime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending "and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road " upon Gatherley Moor, in the County of York, to " Staindropy in the County of Durham, and from the " said Turnpike Road near Smallwaysy across the River " Tees, to Winsion, in the said County of Durham;

" and for building a Bridge over the said River at or " near Winsion Ford."

Ordered, That Mr. Chaytor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and Oakhampton

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That, after the solemn Declaration of the Opinion of this House, in their humble Address presented to His Majesty on Friday last, and His Majesty's Assurance of His Gracious Intention, in pursuance of their Advice, to take such Measures as shall appear to His Majesty to be most conducive to the Restoration of Harmony between Great Britain and the revolted Colonies, so essential to the Prosperity of both, this House will consider as Enemies to His Majesty and this Country, all those who shall endeavour to frustrate His Majesty's paternal Care for the Ease and Happiness of His People, byadvifing, or by any Means attempting, the further Prosecution of offensive War on the Continent of North America, for the Purpose of reducing the revolted Colonies to Obedience by Force;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words, " by any Means " attempting,'1 in order to insert the Word " directing," instead thereof.

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That, after the solemn Declaration of the Opinion of this House, in their humble Address, presented to His Majesty on Friday last, and His Majesty's Assurance of His Gracious Intention, in pursuance of their Advice, to take such Measures as shall appear to . altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in His Majesty to be most conducive to the Restoration of '*L* ' w

Harmony between Great Britain and the revolted Colonies, so ellential to the Prosperity of both, this House will consider as Enemies to His Majesty and this Country, all those who shall endeavour to frustrate His Majesty's paternal Care for the Ease and Happiness of His People, by advising, or by any Means attempting, l7

the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4 1.25. To leave out from " pence" to " which," in Line 35.

And

22 Geo III. 5° M

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question vote: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill not. pass into a Law, and that they may be heard, by was amended at the Table accordingly. their Counsel, upon the Matters contained in this

Refulved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title their Petition, be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and A Petition of the feverdl Persons whose Names are enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty- thereto subscribedjlnhabitants of the Borough of Crick-third Year of his late Majesty, for repairing several in the County of Wilts, was also presented to the

Hoads leading to the Town of Oakhampton, in the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Right of County of Devon. Election for the Borough of Cricklade, is in the Inha-

Ordered, That Mr. M inchin do carry the Bill to the bitants possessing Houses within the said Borough, who

Lords, and desire therr Concurrence. are Freeholders, Copyholders, or Leaseholders, for any

Term not less than Three Years, or for any such Term,

Ayr Mr. Hunter Blair reported from the Committee, to or greater Term, determinable on Life or Lives, such

Bank. whom the Bill for allowing further Time to negociate Freeholder, Copyholder, or Leaseholder, having beert by Indorsement the Bonds issued in pursuance of an in the Occupation of the House, for which he may claim Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His to vote, Fb'rty Days preceding any Election; and that present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for more effec- the Petitioners have acquired Freeholds, Copyholds, and " tually carrying into Execution certain Proposals, Leaseholds. in the said Borough, posterior to the Time " made by the Most Noble Henry Duke of Buccleugh, when the Bribery at the last Election for the Borough " the Most Noble Charles Duke of 2ueenjberryand of Cricklade is said to have been committed; and that " Dover, and others, for redeeming the Annuities they acquired those Estates in the full Confidence of " granted by the Company of the Bank of slyr, in enjoying them with every Privilege and Immunity that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, known thereunto belonging; and that they fee, with the " under the Firm of Douglas, Heron, and Company," utmost Concern, that a Bill is now depending before was committed; That the Committee had examined the House, whereby their Rights and Interests will be the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be considerably affected, and the Right of voting for the true; and that the Committee had gone through the said Borough be materially altered: And therefore Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, they had directed him to report to the House; and and that they may be heard, by their Counsel, upon he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de- the Matters contained in this their Petition, livered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice thereto subscribed. Inhabitants of the Borough of read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed in the County of Wilts, on Behalf of them,

to by the House. selves and others having a Right to vote for Members

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was also ingrossed. presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That

the Petitioners observe by the Votes that a Bill is de-Cficklade A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are pending, by which the Rights and Franchises of the Election, thereto subscribed. Inhabitants of the Borough of Crick- Petitioners, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said lade, in the County of Wills, having a Right to vote for Borough, will be materially affected and lessened, and

Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, the usual Mode of Election for the said Borough is to was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, be essentially altered; and that the Petitioners, being That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill altogether innocent of the Bribery and Corruption al-is depending, by which their Rights will be most mate- Ieged to have taken Place at the last Election of Mem rially affected, and the usual and ancient Mode of bers to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, hope Election in the said Borough is to be essentially altered; that they shall not be affected in their Rights by Crimes and that the Petitioners feel with infinite Concern, that which they did not commit, nor be included in a they, by the said Bill, will be involved in the Guilt of Punishment which ought only to extend to such Elec-others, and deprived of their dearest Franchise, for tors as can be proved to have made an improper Use Offences which they did not commit; and that they of their Franchise; and they submit to the House, that have never attempted to evade the Laws against Bribery all the Inhabitants of the Borough of who

and Corruption, and therefore hope that no new and ex- could be proved to have received Bribes, were tried and traordinary Mode of Prosecution and Punishment will convicted at the last Assizes; and, if the said Bill should be adopted against them; and that at the last Assizes for pass into a Law, it can only have the Effect of punish-the County of Wills, they were all prosecuted upon the ing the Innocent, and them alone, it being a necessary Acts made in Order to prevent the Increase of Bribery Consequence of a Conviction for Bribery, that the Per-and Corruption, and those Prosecutions were supported son so convicted is for ever deprived of his Right to vote: there by the very same Witnesses which were afterwards And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not produced before the Committee, in order to prove that pass into a Law, and that they may be heard, by their the Petitioners had received Bribes; and that at the Counsel, upon the Matters contained in this their Pe-said Affixes, they were all acquitted by a Jury of their tition.

Country men, to the entire Satisfaction of the Judge who And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie

tried the Cause, and, they conceive it to be the un- upon the Table, until the Bill for the preventing

doubted Privilege of Ettgli/hmen that they cannot be of Bribery and Corruption in the Election of again put on their Trial, or punished for the same Of- Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough

fence; and they conceive that if the said Bill should of in the County of Wilts, be read a

pass into a Law, it will have the Effect of punishing Second Time: And the Petitioners are to be

them for Offences of which they have been already ac- then heard, by their Counsel, against the said

quitted; and submit to the House, that all the Inha- Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

bitants of the Borough of Cricklade, who could be

proved to have received Bribes, were tried and con- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to vifted at the last Assizes; and, if the said Bill should the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for pass into a Law, it can only have the Effect of Punish- the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia-ing the Innocent, and them alone; it being a necessary ment for the Borough of Taunton, in the County cjf Consequence of a Conviction for Bribery, that the Per- in the room of John Roberts, Esquire, de-

son so convicted is for ever deprived of his Right to ceased.

Vol. 38.

Cricklade

Election*

Ditto*

Taunto*

Writ*

The

A. 1782.

Dalkeith Two Pennies Scots*

Supply Bill;

Annuities and Lottery.

Ad minift ration of Justice in Bengal.

50 Martii

870

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for laying a Duty of Two " Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Stirling, " on every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, or Beer, brewed " for Sale, or vended within the Town and Parish of " DalkeithAnd the same wds received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

An ingrOfTed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money byWay of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry tire Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Rithnrd Smith, from the Select Committee appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justicein the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar<, and Oriffa, and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House, with their Observations thereupon; and who are inftrdf ted to consider how the British Pof-sessions in The Eaf Indies ihay be held and governed with the greatest Security and Advantage to this Country, and by what Means the Happiness of the Native Inhabitants may be best promoted; acquainted the House, That the said Committee having taken into Consideration their Proceedings respecting the Examination of Riehbrd Barwell, Esquire, a Member of this House, before the said Select Committee; and having judged it necessery to make an immediate Report thereof, hffd directed hicti to report the said Examination to the House, as it (lands upon their Minutes; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Marfis,26* Febrttarii, 1782.

At the Committee on the East India Judicature;

Richard Smith, Esquire in the Chair;

Ordered, That the Chairman do write to Mr. Barwell the following Letter:

Sir,

The India Judicature Committee having arrived at

a Period of their Enquiry in which your Name fre-qently occurs, and on which you may possibly be able to aftord Information to the Committee, or wish to give Explanation relative to your Sentiments and Conduct whilst a Member of the Council General of Bengal, the Committee have directed me to give you this Notice, and to request your Attendance at Twelve on day Morning.

Jovis, 28° Februarii, 1782.

At the Committee on the East India Judicature.

Richard Smith, Esquire, in the Chair;

Richard Barwell, Esquire, a Member of the House, attending,

Mr. Francis's Letter, of 12th 1780, from the

former Report, was read to Mr. Barwell: And,

He was then asked,

What Rule was laid down in the Act of Parliament of 1773, to regulate the Conduct of the Council General of Bengal I

As this Question goes to M&er of Fast, I can only answer it by a Reference to the Act of 1773.

20

Then the said Act was read.

Mr. Barwell was then asked.

Whether some Orders did not arrive from the Court of Directors whilst you was a Member of the Council General, relative to the Term for which Contrafts were to be made ?

I muftobserve upon the Letter which I) have received from the Chairman of the Committee, that I come to« tally unprepared to answer to the present Question, in the Idea that the Enquiry proposed on the present Occasion, was confined to the Objectexpressed in the Infli-tution of the Committee, " th Judicature Committee." If my Conduct, in any Respect, is criminated, and any Object to which the Committee chuse to esquire, 1 shall, with much Pleasure, give the Committee all the Satisfaction in my Power; but I must desire thatthofe Points be precisely stated, that I may at Once go to their Object without encroaching upon their Time. The present Question is loaded with an Imputation, the End of which I can form no Judgment of, and is not to the Purpose for which I suppose myself required to attend on this Day.

The Letter to Mr. Bariovll being then read;

And the Powers of the Committee being nlfo read;

As Mr. Barwell has mentioned that bo is come totally unprepared to answerthe present Question, the Committee inform him, that they will port pone Ins Examination to any future Time that is convenient to him.

To which Mr. Barwell said,

I am both ready and willing to give the most full and unreserved Information to the declared Purpose for which the Committee was instituted; but if, by what I have heard stated in Conversation, it is ex-pefted that I ath to Hand before the Committee to be examined to any Points of Mr. s Charges, as

I understand brought forward against the Governor General and the Court of Directors, I hope the Committee will difpehfe with my entering into such a Contest. I have no Purpose to' continue here the Difientions that, have prevailed abroad. But if I can give any Information which will tend to the Welfare of the Foreign Settlements of the East India Company, I shall be very happy to be informed of the Object of the Committee, and will deliberately state what, from a Knowledge and Experience of Twenty-three Years constant residence in that Country, and Ten Years in the Government of it, may enable me to do.

The present immediate Object of Enquiry isDifobe-dience of Orders: Are you wilting to answer all Questions relative to that Object ?

I must refer to the Two AnfVers Ihave already given to the Committee: If the Difolu dience of Orders respectsany other Objects than what relates to the Judicature of Bengal, or any Regulations for the interior Controul and Regulation of that Country, so far as the Happiness of the Natives are connected or dependent Upon those Breach of Orders, I mil ft decline to answer, becauseit can establish no other Point than the Merits of the Question, how far certain Parties in the Government Abroad have been right in refilling the Objects of another Party in that Government.

The Committee then proposing to deliberate, and the Room being cleared, and Mr. Banoell infilling upon his Privilege as a Member of the House, of being present during the Debate, the Committee observed to Mr. Barwell, that the Matter proposed to be debated concerned the Method to he pursued by the Committee upon the Answers before given by him; and that Mr. Barwell being the Party concerned in that Debate, they thought he had no Right to be present during the Debate: And Mr. Barwellftill persisting in his Right to be present during the Debate, Two of the Members of the Committee attended the Speaker for his Opinion thereupon; who being returned, reported to the Committee, That the Opinion of the Speaker was, that Mr.

Bancell

ii Geo. III. 5° Martii.

[niniftrution Barwell, had no Right to infill upon being present dura Bengal. r'no Debate; whereupon Mr. withdrew.

And Mr. Barwell being afterwards called in, was asked,

The Committee not being able to collect from your Answers, whether you consent to be examined by them or not, on such Points as they may consider within their Inllructions, and not tending to criminate yourself, they desire from you a clear and decisive Answer in the Negative or Affirmative ?

I observe, That if I answer in the Negative to to this Queliion, from the Manner in which it is worded, it may be inferred that I decline (which I mean not to do) to enter into the Merits of Tranfa&ious to which a De- gree of Criminality is suggested. I have already" been de-

nied, as I have this Moment understood from the Speaker, that Civility, which as a Member of Parliament, if I do not misinterpret it, I was entitled to, in being rsquested to withdraw when the Committee withed to debate thr Point involved, in my Two Answers to the Two First Questions. fflriraainlv with to answerto every Matterthat can possibly ned>rought forward here or in any other Place, that may at all queliion my Conduct in my Situation of Counselior of the Government General of Bengal, or a Servant of the Company. But if wo precise Matter is brought forward, arid nothing is Hated, I will not Hand before the Committee in any other Capacity than as a Member of the House, willing to give them every Light in mv Power of what may be beneficial to the State in the Regulation of their Indian Poireflions: I will not appear as answering to, whether this or that Man did right or wrong in the Government of that Country; nor do I conceive that to bean Object to which the Powers of this Committee go, under the Instructions of Parliament: If they do, even in that Cafe, every Matter shoutd be precisely stated, and the Examination go to the Proof of such Matter; not to examine with a View to find Matter which may in its Nature be charged to Individuals, and cannot benefit the State.

Mr. Barwell then requested a Copy of the Minutes of this Day's Proceedings.

The Committee was then adjourned.

Mr. Bancell then sent the following Letter to the Chairman of the Committee:

General Richard

Chairman of the Committee on the East India Judicature, &c. &c. &c. &c.

Sir,

As I am not satisfied of the Intention of the Committee to favour me with the Minutes taken on my Attendance on the Committee, in consequence of your

_ , the Committee,

Letter of the 26th: and as ----- — ----- ----- declined to

give me any Answer to the Rc-quest I instantly made, to have Copies of the Minutes, though 1 asked it as a Favour, but moved for an Adjournment when I called for Pen and Ink to add refs myself formally by Letter; I now fend this from the Committee Room, and beg you will be so considerate to my Willies, as to give an intlant Order for the Copy of the Minutes of your Committee on my Attendance upon it.

I am. Sir,

Your most obedient humble Servant,

Barwell.

Committee Room, a8 February 1782.

The House was moved, That so much of His Majesty's Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 27th Day of November last, as recommends to Parliament the resuming the Consideration of ~ the State and Condition of His Majesty's Dominions and

Revenues in the East , might be read.

And the same was read according!;'.

Vox.. 38.

The House was also moved. That the Order, made upon the 4th Day of December last, for appointing the said Select Committee; together with the Instruction given to the said Committee, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to refuse Copies of the Minutes of their Proceedings to all Persons whatsoever, until they have made their Report to the House.

Ordered, That when any Matter shall ariseon which the said Committee wish to debate, it shall be at their Discretion to require every Person, not being a Member of the Committee, to withdraw.

Mr. Richard Smith also acquainted the House, That be was directed by the said Select Committee to inform the House, that the Committee, in the course of their Enquiry, find themselves under a Necessity to examine Richard Barwell, Esquire, a Mem hero! this 1 Litfe.

And the said Member, in his Place, informed the House, That he was willing, at any Time, to attend the said Committee, and to be examined.

The Earl of Lijburne, from the Commissioners forex- ,fcc<?l'nt editing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great - iv xtns' tain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Sums of Money laid out on the Head of Extra of the Navy, between the 31st December 1 780 and 3 ill December 1781; distinguishing the Several Ships and Services on which the same have been expended.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire Westmmfier

into the Expenditure of the Money which has been raised under foveral Acts of Parliament, for paving and lighting the Streets within the City and Liberty of -minster, and into the Manner in which the Several Powers given by the said several Acts have been exercised:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr.

Mr. Totcn/hend, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Sir George Howard, Sir Philip Jennings Clerke, Mr, Mr.

Grenville, Mr. Fox, Mr. Poulelt, Mr. Drake, Mr. Jack-fin, Mr. Httfey, Sir CharlesB

Sir ArchibaldEdmohstone, M the Lord

ven, Mr. Baker, Mr. Whitbread, Mr. Yorke, the Lord Lezcifiam, Sir Edward Deer lug, Mr. Mr.

Jlow, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Long, Mr. the Lord

Maitland, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Sinclair, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Byng, Sir John Henderfin, Sir Charlton Leighton, Mr. Hill, Mr. Johnstone, Mv. Marsham, Mr. Fitzpatrick; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Hertford, Kent, Sussex, Surrey, the Cinque Ports, and City of London; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of t he Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Paving Expenditure.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine Committee into the Conduct of the Commissioners for vi6lualling on yic*"al-His Majesty's Navy, so far as relates to supplying the 16 aV'V< Navy with Corn, Biscuit, Malt, Butter, Cheese, Wine,

Beer, and other Liquors, and with Calks:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Whitbread,

Sir Philip Iennings Clerke, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Elwcs,

Sir Jo/'eph Mawbey, Mr. Turner, Sir Adam Mr.

Hu fey, Mr. Gilbert, the Lord IiincSir Grey Cooper, Sir Archibald Edtnonjtone, Mr. Ord, the Lord Mahon, Mr. Baker, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Sir

Charles Bunbury, Sir Robert Herries, Sir Richard

Mr. Majlerman, Sir William Dolben, Admiral Pi got, Mr.

10 N Strutt,

1

VjVJVJVIC

1 cave of Absence.

872 5 ° — 6° Mar tit.A. 1782.

Sfrull, Mr. Minch in, Mr. Francis Eyre, Mr. Brickdale, and Sir Grey Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the Mr. Sinclair, Mr. Dawes, Mr Kemp, Mr. Alderman fame.

Newnham, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Byng, Mr. Holdjworlh,

Sir James Cockburne, the Earl Verney; and all the Gen- The other Orders of the Day being read;

llemen of the Long Robe, and all the Merchants of the Refol That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- Supp\sn House: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at ing, refol ve itself into a Committee of the whole I Ion fc, " 1

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and upon the Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. Seamen to serve in His Majesty s Ships of War, and on

A Alotion was made, and the Question being put, board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and

That all who come to the said Committee have Vessels.

Voices;

It passed in the Negative. Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- RegnUtinj

ing, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the Mmas

Ordered, That Mr. Fitzherbert have Leave to go into upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Alajefiy's Ala- Forces, the Country for Ten Days, on his private Affairs. fine Forces while on Shore.

Members not SxrPhilip Jennings Clerke presented to the House, ac-

to be con- cording to Order, a Bill for restraining any Person, being cerned in a Member of the House of Commons, from being con-traJfs.n °n* cerned himself, or any Person in Trull for him, in any Contrail made by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, the Commissioners of the Navy, the Board of Ordnance, or by any other Person or Persons for the Public Service, unless the said Contraft shall be made at a Public Bidding: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Land Ta* The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Comnufliuness. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the fameSeftion, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid " to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand " Seven hundred and Eighty-one;" and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Bill to enable The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a His Majesty Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Proposition made upon Thursday last, " That Leave be " given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to " conclude a Peace, or Truce, with the revolted Colonies in North America." Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Air. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to conclude a Peace, or Truce, with the revolted Colonies in North America.

And Air. Ord moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Ala jesty to conclude a Peace, or Truce, with the revolted Colonies in North America: And that Air. Ord, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General,

to make Peace with America.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurif 6° die Mdffitjii;

Anno 22* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Freeholders, Traders, Cobban.

Manufacturers, and Inhabitants of 1 he Borough &c-of Southwark, in the County of S And also, A Petition of the High Sheriff of the County of V/rr-rey, and of the Freeholders, Traders, Alaggrtachirers, and Inhabitants of the Eastern Half of thennundred of Brixton, in the said County,

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill to repair,-enlarge, and rebuild Cobham, Leatherhead, and Godalming Bridges, in the County of Surrey-, and setting forth, That in same such Bill passes into a Law, the same will be extremely burthensomefcgnd injurious to the Petitioners, by Subjecting mem to a very enormous Tax; and that they conceive there is no Colour of Reason why the said Bridges should be deemed County Bridges, but, on the contrary, as they are at present, and have been ever fmee the building thereof, umj^rjjood to be private Property, and to be kepltdWr'Repair at the Expence of certaip particular Persons, by reason or on account of the Tenure of their respective Estates, or other Contingencies, together with the Parishes of leather head and Fet chain, such particular Persons and Parishes ought to continue subject to the Repair ofliich Bridges, from Time to Time, when necessary; and that, if the said Bridges are declared to be County Bridges, the Expences of rebuilding and repairing the same will of Course be paid out of the County Rates, which are very partially and unequally laid, and will make the Burthen particularly grievous on the Petitioners, for the Quota laid on the several Parishes within the said Eastern Half of the Hundred of Brixton and the Borough of Southwark, will amount to more than One Third Part of the whole Rate laid upon the said County of Surrey, although such Parishes and Half Hundred do not compose aTenth Part of the Number of Parishes within the fai l County, as will more clearly appear from the following Statement, u/s. The One hundred and Sixty Parishes, of which the County of corilifts, pay to the County Rates, at Three Pence in the Pound, the Sum of 4,020 Yearly, of which the Borough of Southwark and the Eastern Half Hundred of Brixton pay £. 1,594; and that the Quota of the County Rate made upon each Parish and Place, is paid qut of the Poor's Rate, which, in the Borough

of

Answer to Address of Thanks.

rar in the Carnatic.

22 Geo. III.

6° Martii.

873

of Southwark, and the major Part of the Eastern Half of the Hundred of Brixton, is already so heavy as to be scarce possible to be collected, and by having the said additional Tax laid upon it, will be in some Places an Expence not to be borne without the greatest Difficulty, if at all, as it will be rf Means of reducing many Persons to the Necessity of themselves applying for Relief in the Parish where they had hitherto contributed to the Relief of others; and'that the several Parishes ofGor/tf//w/;jg\ LcatherheacL Fetch-am, and Cobham, which mult receive the greatest Benefit from the said Bridges, pay together only ! the Sum of £. 105. 3$. Yearly to the County Rate, at the same Time that the Inhabitants of the said Borough of Southwark and Eastern Half Hundred of Brixton, which mull contribute so largely, and who relide many Miles from the said Bridges, can derive little or no Benefit therefrom; and that the Petitioners beg Leave further to submit to the House, whether, in case ;. it shall be determined to rebuild the said Bridges for the Accommodation of the Public, it will not be reasonable that the Expence of rebuilding or repairing the same be paid by a Toll on Cattle and Carriages passing thereon, together with some Contribution from the Persons and Estates now liable to the Repair thereof, or, if the Ex-, ponces must be borne out of the County Rate, that such Rate should be equal throughout the County: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by them (elves or their Counsel, against; the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as may affect them, and have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against; the said Petitions.

The Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the House, That their Address of Monday last (to return His Majesty the Thanks of this Hous?, for His Most Gracious Answer to their Address, presented to His Majesty on Friday lafi, and for the A durances His Majesty has moll graciously been pleased to give them of His Intention, iq pursuance of the Advice of this House, to take such Measures as shall appear most conducive to the Refforation of Harmony between Great Britain and the revolted Colonies; and that His Efforts shall be directed in the most effectual Manner against; our European Enemies, until such a Peace can be obtained as shall confilt with the permanent Welfare and Prosperity of His Kingdoms: This House being convinced, that nothing can, in the present Circumstances of this Country, so essentially promote those great Objects of His Majesty's paternal Care for His People, as the Measures which His faithful Commons have most humbly but earnestly recommended to His Majesty) had been presented to His Majesty, and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland, from the Committee of Secrecy appointed to enqu ire into the Causes of the War that now subsists in The Carnatic, and of the present Condition of the British Possessions in those Parts, and to report the same to the House, with their Observations thereupon; rind who were instructed to enquire into the Rife, Progress, Conduct, and present State of the Maratta War, and all other IToftilities in which the Vol. 38.

Presidency of Bengal now are or have been engaged in the Support of that War, and of th£ Effects which the said War and Hostilities may have produced in Bengal, and the other Settlements and Possessions of the East India Company, acquainted the House, That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to make another Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Ulb of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House*

Tb&. said Report is preserved amongst the other '^Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Mr. JVilbraham Bootle reported from the Committee, Tarporley, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whole &c* ^oad' Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Lands; id Refulents within the County Palatine of Chester, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the i5111 of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

..... Mqjjey being examined, said. That he knows ihe public Highway leading from Tarporley to A cion Bridge, near Wevcrham, in the County of Chester —

That the same is in many Places much out of Repair —

That there are several deep hollow Ways, very incommodious and dangerous — That the same is in many Places very narrow; and that the said Road cannot be effectually amended, widened, and repaired by the present Methods provided by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Tarporley, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Avion Bridge, near JVcver-harn, in the same County: And that Mr. JVilbraham Bootle, Sir Robert Saliisbury Cotton, and Mr. Crewe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing further Time to nego- Ayr Bank, ciate by Indorsement the Bonds issued in pursuance of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for more effec-<c tual ly carrying into Execution certain Proposals made " by the Most Noble He my Duke of Buccleugh, the Most " Noble Charles Duke of Queenjbeny and Dover, and <c others, for redeeming the Annuities granted by the u Company of the Bank of Ayr, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, known under the Firm of <c Douglas, Heron, and Company," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for allowing further Time to negociate by Indorsement the Bonds issued in pursuance of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution certain Proposals made by the " Most Noble Henry Duke of Buccleugh, the Most " Noble Charles Duke of Queensberry and Dover, and " others, for redeeming the Annuities granted by the <c Company of the Bank of Ayr, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, known under the Firm of <l Douglas, Heron, and Company."

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered,

Leave of Absence.

Ditto.

Forfar

Election.

Land Tax

Commissioners.

874 6° Martii. A. 178a.

Ordered, That Mr. Anthony Eyre have Leave to go to Bath, for the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Burton have Leave to go the Oxford Circuit.

A Petition of Sir David Carnegie, of Southejk, Baronet, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, upon the Death of William Earl of Pan-mure in the Kingdom of Ireland, late Member for the County of Forfar, the Petitioner offered himself a Candidate to represent the said County, and that the ho^ notirabie Archibald Douglas likewise offered himself a Candidate to represent the said County; but the said Archibald Douglas having in his Person the Right and Title to the Earldom of Angus, in Scotland, the Petitioner was and is advised, that the said Archibald Douglas was incapable of being elected a Member to serve in Parliament; and the Petitioner did, at the Meeting for Election, upon the i ith Day of February last, in the Presence and Hearing of the Electors, object to the Eligibility of the said Archibald Douglas, in respect of his being a Peer of Scotland; and the Petitioner at the same Time produced, and read to the Freeholders then met for the Purpose of Election, a Copy, certified under the Hand of the Clerk of Parliament, of a Petition presented to His Majesty on Behalf of the said Archibald Douglas, afierting his Right to the said Peerage; and that, notwithstanding such Intimation, a Majority of the Freeholders then met were prevailed upon, by the Practices of the said Archibald Douglas, to vote for him, in Opposition to the Petitioner; whereby, and by Means of other undue Practices of him the said Archibald Douglas and his Agents, he the said Archibald Douglas has illegally procured himself to be returned Member for the said County, in prejudice to the Petitioner, who was the only Candidate capable of being elected, and who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and t® grant him such Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 16th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the ioth and 1 ith Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Coun-fel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an ACfc, made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act for granting an " Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in u Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one;" and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, was committed; the 10

Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning,

Mr. Mar/ham reported from the Committee to Hartford, &c. whom the Bill for enlarging the Term of an A&wthe ttoadj-FirliY'ear of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Dart ford to Northfleet, and other Roads, in the County of Kent-, and for allowing an Annual Payment out of the Tolls arising upon the said Roads to the Trustees for the Care of the Road leading from Rochester to Maidstone, in the said County, to be applied for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, ih at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Kenrick presented to the House, pursuant to Contrafofor their Order, ?ctre'

Copies of all Contracts between the Board of Ordnance and John Townfon, Esquire, since the ill of November 1781, for the Article of Salt Petre.

And the Title of the Paper containing the said Copies, was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Call of the the 27th Day of February last, for the House to be House, called over Tomorrow, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House be called over upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 14th Day of this Instant March-,

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " Sevfennight " iu order to insert the Words "Three Months'* instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word <c Sevennight" starnl Part of the Question.

The House divided.

The Y"eas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, f Jh % L,onrl ] 106.

£ Sir jqfcph Mazobey: }

C Mr. Bo lie, )

Tellers for the Noes, Sir Charles Warwick > 90.

L Bampfylde: j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That this. House be called over upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 14th Day of this Instant March.

The Lord Lewisham reported from the Committee, Stourbridge, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more Canal, effectual, an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of

Stourbridge,

22 Geo. III.

6‘* — 7° Martii.

s75

Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join tire Stnffordshire and Worcester [hire Canal at or near ton, in the County of Stafford, and also Two Collateral Cuts therein, mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, Oue by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Jovis> 70 die Martii;

Anno si® Georgii III. U Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

r> ES O L VED, That this House will, To-morrotv Supply.

Morning, resolve itself into a Committee' of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

liefolved. That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- W«y# ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Mean,» t toconsider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

nfoming of

‘aptures.

Toot

emovals*

of

J^bfcncc.

Ditto.

ampprtng with a \S itncfs.

A Bill to prohibit the Ransoming of Ships or Vessels captured from His Majesty's Subjects, and of the Merchandize of Goods on board such ships or Vessels, was read a Second Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed. liefolved. That the Bill be committed toa Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 14th Day of this Instant resolve

itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to prevent vexatiqus Removals of the Poor was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Richard Sutton, &c.: Aud they are to meet this Afternoon* at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That Mr. Davenport have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Williams have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, on his private Affairs.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Matter of the Complaint made to the House upon the 28th Day of last,

respecting Thomas Broughton, of Hoiiilon, Currier;

The House was moved, That the Standing Order of the House, of the 1 ith Day of February 1768, " That, " in same of any Complaint of a Breach of Privilege " hereafter to be made by any Member of this House, " if the House shall adjudge that there is no Ground for such Complaint, the House will order Satisfaction " to the Person complained of, for his Costs and Expences incurred by reason of such Complaint," might beread.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and thfe Question being put. That the said Order, for taking into further Consideration the Matter of the said Complaint, be discharged;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Telle-for.I, } ,

Tellers for the Noes, j JJj; } 32-

And it appearing, upon the Report of the Division by the Tellers, that Forty Members were not present; and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question lirfl put, till Tomorrow Morning. Ten of the Clock.

Vql. 38.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Oxford Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, Canal, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, certain Persons were impowered to make a Navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near in the County of Derby, to the River Met fey, ator near Runcorn Gap, and were thereby united in One Body Politic and Corporate by the Name of " The Company " of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to " the Mersey ;" and that by another Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, certain Persons were impowered to complete and maintain a Navigable Cut or Canal from the City of to

communicate with the Canal authorized to be made by the Company of Proprietors of the said Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, ou Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, and where thereby united, in Ope -Body Politic and Corporate by the Name of " The " Company of Proprietors of the Coventry Canal Navigatiou and that by another Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were empowered to make a Navigable Cut or Canal from the said Coventry Canal Navigation at a Place called Longford, near the City of Coventry, to the City of Oxford ;and that the Petitioners have completed so much of the Course of the said intended Canal as extends from the Coventry Canal at Longford to Banbury, in the County of Oxford, which is about Sixty-three Miles in Length, and have expended therein £. 211,000 and upwards; and the Company of Proprietors of the said Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey have completed the whole of the said Navigable Canal from the River Trent to the Mersey, which is near Ninety Miles in Length; and that the Company of Proprietors of the said Covent Canal have only completed of their Navigation as far as from Coventry to Atherfione, being in Length about Fourteen Miles and upwards, and the Remainder thereof remains unexecuted, and has for several Years been entirely neglected; and that one principal Motive which induced the Petitioners to engage in so large and expensive an Undertaking was the Assurance given them by the Proprietors of the Coventry Canal Navigation, that they would, with all convenient Speed, carry their Works into Execution so as to open the intended Communication between the Oxford Canal and the Trunk Navigation; and that the said Coventry Company, by neglecting to execute their Works so as to efleft the said Communication, have deprived the Petitioners of all the Advantages and Emoluments which would accrue therefrom, and rendered them totally unable to complete the Course of their Canal from Banbury to Oxford; and that by these Neglects of the said Coventry Canal Company, the Line of Communication between all the said Navi* gations is loft, and rendered useless to the Public, and the Commercial Intercourses intended to be opened and promoted by the said several Inland Navigations are prevented and obstructed, to the great Injury of

iq O Trade

Leave of

Absence.

Hale worthy, &c. Roadi.

Shepton

Mallet

Inclosure.

Stourbridge, &t. Roads.

Limehouse

Streets.

876 70 Martii.

Trade and Commerce, and of the Proprietors of all the said Inland Navigations; and that the Petitioners have frequently applied to the said Company of Proprietors of the Coventry Canal to carry the Powers of the said Act of the Eighth Year of His Majesty into Execution, and to complete and perform their several Undertakings and Engagements as aforesaid, but such Applications have been hitherto ineffectual: And therefore praying. That Leave may L>e given to bring in a Bill to require the Company of Proprietors of the Coventry Canal Navigation to complete the Remainder of their Undertaking, with proper Powers, Provisoes, Penalties, and Forfeitures, therein to be insertedfor that Purpose, or such other Powers granted for effecting the Ends and Purposes aforesaid, and such Relief given in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. John Luttrell have I^ave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, on his private Affairs.

A Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, forrepair-r ing and widening the Roads from Haleworthy, in the Parish of Davidjloxo, in the County of Cornwall, to the East End of Wadebridge, in the said County, and from the West End of Wadebridge aforesaid, into and through the Borough of Mitchell, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chaytor, Sir John Trevelyan, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir John Trevelyan presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Part of the Forest of Mendip, and a Piece of Waste Land called Windsor's Hill, situate within the Parish of Shepton Mallet, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Leivisham reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Market House at Stourbridge to Colly Gate in Cradley, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, so far as the same relates to the Roads leading from the Market House in Slourbridge to Colly Gate, and from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and from Colly Gate to Halefowcn; and for opening a more commodious Communication with the Birmingham Turnpike Road, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, w ere agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Comber Kirkby, Esquire, Proprietor of the Streets called Queen Street and London Street, in the Hamlet of Ratcliffe, within the Parish of Saint Anne, Limehoife, in the County of Middlesex, and of the 18

several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of, or interested in, Houses in the said Streets, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Surridge informed your Committee, That the said Street called Queen Street, which is not included in any Paving Act, adjoihs to that Part of the Parish of Saint Anne, Limehouse, where, by the Bill now depending, a new Street is to be formed, and leads from thence into Broad Street, near Ratcliffe Cross, through Pump Yard, where an opening for Carriages is already made. The Witness further said, That the said Street called London Street is not included in any Paving Act. and is the di-rest Way from Queen Street to Mile End Road', and will become a very great Thoroughfare when the said Opening and new Streot are completed; that the said Two Streets are very much annoyed by Nuisances and Obstructions, and the Pavement thereof very irregular, and not calculated to bear the heavy Carriages which, after the aforesaid Opening and Street are completed, will pass thereon. And he added, That the Communication between the Hamlets of Limehouse and Ratcliffe, through Queen Street, and from thence into Mile End Road, will be incomplete, unless those Two Streets are properly paved and regulated.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for paving, and freeing from Nuisances and Annoyances, the several Streets, Ways, and Places within the Parish of Saint Anne, Limehouse, in the County of Middlesex, and for making Carriage Ways mtoRiJbys Rope Ground, and through Shoulder of Mutton Alley and Ropemakers Fields, to Three Coll Street, and from the Bridge in Riffs Rope Ground into Three Colt Street aforesaid; That they do make Provision in the said Bill for paving and regulating Queen Street and London Street, in the Hamlet of Ratcliffe, within the said Parish, and for removing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therefrom.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to " His Majesty, by a Land l ax to he raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand " Seven hundred and Eighty-one and for appointing other Commissioners together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to he raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,

Land Tax

Commission*

era*

Lands

purchased f»* i'fcuring ihe Dock Yard*.

Leave of Absence.

Bast India Accounts.

Duties on Snuff.

Cricklade

Election.

22 Geo. III. 8*

freditaments, in the Counties of Cornwall and 'Devon* purchased in pursuance of Two Acts of Parliament, One made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores at Plymouth and Shcenufs, and for better defending the Pad age of the River Thames at Grave fend and Tilbury Fort, and the other in the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for explaining and amending so much of the said Act as relates to the Security of His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores at Plymouth; and to certain Proprietors and Occupiers of Land at or near Plymouth, who have sustained any Loss or Damage in consequence of the said Acts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Hotife resolved itself into the said Committee*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sfrarhey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

M r. Stracheij reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Robinson have Leave to go the Home Circuit.

The House being informed that Mr. Mich ell, from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A General State of Receipts and Disbursements at Fort Saint George, from May 1763 to April 1767.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said State was read.

Ordered, That the said State do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said State is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties payable upon the Importation of Snuff.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereto subscribed. Inhabitants of the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, having a Right to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereto subscribed. Inhabitants of the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts; and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereto subscribed, Inhabitant s of the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, on Behalf of themselves and others having a Right to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, were also read.

And the Counsel against the Bill were heard in Sup-potr of the said Petitions.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee ?f the whole House. *

Vox.. 38.

Martii. 877

Resolved, That this House will; upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Parker Coke have Leave Leave of to go the Midland Circuit. Absence.

A Bill for the better detaining and more easy Ex- American change of American Prisoners brought into Great Bri- *^rifonars. lainy was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Militia night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Pay and House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Clothing. Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part o{Great Britain called England, ior One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 8° die Martii.

Anuo 22* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1782.

Praters.

MR. Charles Townshend reported from the Com- Coalsim-mittee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Al- ported into dermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough Great Yar-of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, in Com- shout mon Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act of Parliament of the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne was read; whereby it appeared, That all Persons not free of the Corporation of Great Yarmouth are authorized, upon Payment of certain Duties or Sums of Money therein mentioned to the Mayor, Aldermen,

Burgesses, and Commonalty of the said Borough, to import Coals, Culm, and Cinders into the said Port, and to sell the same in like Manner as Burgesses or Freemen of the said Corporation are authorized to do. And,

Mr. Thomas Smith, Assistant Water Bailiff* of the said Borough being examined, said, That it frequently happens that Coals, Culm, and Cinders are imported into the said Port in Ships or Vessels which belong, in separate Shares, as well to the Burgesses or Freemen as to Persons who are not free of the said Corporation, and that the Loading in such Ships or Vessels is the separate Property of such Persons; and that in order to evade Payment of the Duties or Sums of Money which ought to be paid by Persons who are not free of the Corporation, for such Coals, Culm, and Cinders, false Lifts or Accounts of such Ships or Vessels, and of the Loading thereof, are frequently made cut and delivered by Ship Mailers and others; and that by Means of such Practice the said Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, are deprived of great Part of the Duties or Sums of Money to which they are entitled by virtue of the said Ach And he produced to your Committee

a Letter,

878

8° Mar tit.

A. 1782.

a Letter, dated the 2 ift of July 1772, from a Ship Master, acknowledging that he had frequently evaded the Duties which he ought to have paid, to the Amount of /. 150, for One Ship only. And the Witness produced an Account of such Duties; and added, that the Ihme had been paid to the Cor[>oration by the said Shipnrtafter.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Hill for better securing the Duties payable by virtue of an Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, on the Importation of Coals, Culm, and Cinders into the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk: And that Mr. Charles Mr. Jackson, and Mr.

Richard Walpole, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

CoShsm, Sec.A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inha-

Bridge*. bitants of the Hundred of in the County of

- Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to repair, enlarge, and rebuild Cobham, JLcatherhead, and Godalming Bridges, in the County of Surrey; and setting forth, That in case such Bill paflTes into a Law, the same will be extremely burthensome and injurious to the Petitioners, by subjecting them to a very enormous Tax; and that they conceive there is no Colour of Reason why the said Bridges tliould be deemed County Bridges, but, on the contrary, as they are at present, and have been ever since the building thereof, underliood to be private Property, and to be kept in Repair at the Expence of certain particular Persons, by reason or on account of the Tenureof their respective F.states or other Contingencies, together with the Parishes of Leatherhead and Fetcham, fuel) particular Persons and Parishes ought to continue subject to the Repair of such Bridges, from Time to Time, when necessary; and that the Petitioners refule many Miles from the said Bridges, and can derive little or no Benefit therefrom; and if the said Bridges are declared to be County Bridges, the Expences of rebuilding and repairing the same will of Course be paid out of the County Rates, which are very partially and unequally laid, and will make th^ Burthen particularly grievous on the Petitioners, for the Quota of the County Rate made upon each Pari Ih and Place, is paid out of the Poor's Rate, which, in the Hundred of Wallington, by having the said Additional Tax laid upon it, will be an Expence not to be borne without the greatest Difficulty; and that the Petitioners beg leave further to submit to the House, whether, in case it shall be determined to rebuild the said Bridges for the Accommodation of the Public, it will not be reasonable that the Expences of rebuilding or repairing the same be paid by a Toll on Cattle and Carriages passing thereon, together with some Contribution from the Persons and Eliates now liable to the Repair thereof, or, if the Expences must be borne out of the County Rate, that such Rate should be equal throughout the County: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by thein-selves or their Counsel, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as may affect them, and have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Edinburgh City

Mr. Hunter Blair reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Right honourable the Lord Improvement Proyoft^ the Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same w as read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the 23d Parliament of King James the Vlth oi Scotland, was read; whereby it is ordained and enacted, That no Fleshers or Butchers shall be suffered to keep any Slaughter Hotifes within the Burgh, but shall provide themselves with Slaughter Hotifes on the Side of the Loch or Lake on the North Side of the said City, called The North Loch, where they might have the Use of Water for their Business.

Then John Hunter, Esquire, informed your Committee, That, by the Extension of the said City, under the Authority of an Act made in the Seventh Yj&arof His present Majesty, the said North Ijoch is now ft the Center of the said City of Edinburgh, and the fame, which heretofore contained a large Body of Water, wasdramed, and the Slaughter Houses are now become a public Nuisance, and greatly detrimental to the Comforts of the Inhabitants of the said City, and all Persons resorting iljgP£jtothat if the Shambles were removed to some Part of the City, or near the

Sea Shore, or on (li^Sides of some of the Rivers and Brooks in the Vicinity of the said City, the Butchers would be much better accommodated with Water, and other Conveniences for their Business, and the principal Parts and Streets of the said City would be relieved from the great Nuisance of the Slaughter Houses, so uoifome to the Inhabitants.

James Haig, Esquire, and Mr. John being examined, confirmed the above Evidence; and added. That there are other Nuisanees in the said City, such as melting of Tallow in a Street called Candle

Maker Row, and also melting Tallow in the Crackling House, which is very offensive toj the Places where situated

And the Witnesses added, That several other Powers are necessary to be vested in the Magistrates of the said City, for the better Government and Regulation thereof

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preventing the Slaughtering of Cattle, and for removing Nuisanees Within the City and Liberties of and for empowering the Lord Provost and the Magistrates toalterthe Mode of giving Safines on Burgages;-and for granting other Powers for the better Government of the said City: And that Mr. Hunter Blair,

Sir James Cockburn, and the Lord Advocate oi Scotland,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the BrrcontW Town of Brecon, through the Town of Hay, in the Ha* Road. County of Brecon, and also the Road from or nearly from Broynllys Turnpike to the Village of in

the County of Brecon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Morgan,

Sir Walkin Williams Wynn, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingossed Bill for continuing the Term, and alter- StourMfe, ing and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widen-:

ing the Road from the Market House in Stourbridge td |

Colly Gate inC Iradley, and other Roads therein mention*

cd, in the Counties of Worceder, Stafford, and Salop, so far as the same relates to the Roads leading from tl)6 Market House in Stourbridge to Colly Gate, and from Pedmoreto Holly Hall, and from Colly Gate to;

and for opening a more commodious Communication with the Birmingham Turnpike Road, was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, for amending arid widening the Road from the Market House in Stourbridge to Colly Gate in Cradley, and other Roads therein mentioned, in

the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, so far as the same relates to the Roads leading from the Market House in Stourbridge to Colly Gate, and from Pedmore

t»

bridge

gation.

exham to

tarnhill

Road.

tftry, &c, Road.

Tarporley, kc. Hoad.

tochester, fcc. Small Debts.

22 Geo. III. 8° Martii. ' 879

to Holly IIall> and from Colly Gate to Halesowen; and Sir Watkin Williams Wynn presented to the House, Tarporlev* for opening a more commodious Communication with according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening &c. Road, the Birmingham Turnpike Road. the Road from Tarporley, in the County Palatine of

Ordered, That the Lord Letvifiam do carry the Bill Chester, to A Bun Bridge, near Wcverham, in the same to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. County: And the same was received; and read the First

Time.

An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and render more Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, effectual, an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of Mis present Majesty, for making and main- Mr. Strachey, according to Order, reported from the Lands pur-taining a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for chafed for Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain pock^ard* Staffordshire and Wore efierjflire Canal at or near Stour- Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in ton] in the County of Stafford, and also Two Collateral the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, purchased in pur-Cuts therein mentioned, was read the Third Time. fuance of Two Acts of Parliament, One made in the Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, be. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effec- for better securing His Majesty's Docks* Ships, and tual, an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the ^eign Stores at Plymouth and Sheerness, and for better de-of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a fending the Passage of the River Thames at Gravesend Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Stourbridge, and Tilbury Fort, and the other in the Twenty-first in the County of Worcester, to join the Staffordshire and Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for explaining Worcestershire Canal at or near Stourton, in the County and amending so much of the said Act as relates to the of Stafford, and also Two Collateral Cuts therein men- Security of His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores at tioned. Plymouth; and to certain Proprietors and Occupiers of

Ordered, That the Lord Lewisham do carry the Bill Land at or near Plymouth, who have sustained any Loss to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. or Damage in consequence of the said Acts, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had Sir Watkin Williams Wynn presented to the House, made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and report to the House; and he read the Report in his keeping in Repair, the Road from Wrexhar.i, in the Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the County of Denbigh, to Barnhill, in the County of Chester: Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the And the same was received; and read the First Time. Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

severally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House.

The Lord Galway reported from the Committee, to Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of ingrossed. an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Tamworth

" Act for amending and w idening the Road from Committee, to w hom the Bill for enlarging the Term Roads‘

" Bate try to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the South and Powers of an Act of the Tenth Year of His pre-

Side of Wortley, in the County of York, where it sent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and

u joins the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham to " widening several Roads leading to and through the

"ManchesterT so for as the same relates to the Road " Borough of Tamworth, and other Roads therein leading from Bazotry aforesaid to Tinjley, and through <c mentioned, in the Counties of Stafford, Warwick,

Part of the Town of Tinjley to the Place where the same ‘‘ and Derby,19 is committed, joins the Road leading from Rotherham to Sheffield,

was committed; That the Committee had examined The House proceeded to take into further Confide- Game Laws,

the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be ration, the Report which was made from the Commit-

true; and that the Committee had gone through the tee, w ho were appointed to revile the Laws relating to

Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which ^)Q Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great

they had directed him to report to the House; and he Britain called England, and to report their Opinion

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered thereon, from Time to Time, to the House.

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's And the Resolution of the Committee being read a

Table: Where the Amendments were Once read Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon,

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; agreed to by the House.

and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to agreed to by the House. " prevent Persons going disguised, or with Arms or

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be offensive Weapons, in the Night Time, in any Place ingrossed. except on the King's Highway, for the Purpose or

under Pretence of killing Game: And that Mr. Rose-Ordered, That Sir Watkin Williams Wynn be added arne, Sir Edward Ajlley, Sir Harbord Harbord, Mr. to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and Charles Townshend, and Mr. Coke of Norfolk, do prebring in, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road pure, and bring in, the fame, from Tarporley, in the County Palatine of Chester, to

ABon Bridge, near Weverham, in the same County. A Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned, Expiring

relating to the better Encouragement of the making of Laws, Mr. Hatton presented to the House, according to Sail Cloth in Great Britain; to the Encouragement of Sail Cloth* Order, a Bill for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking oft* several Duties Small Debts within the City of Rochester and the Pa- on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; riflies of Strood, Frindsbury, Cobham, Shorne, Iiigham, to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; to Cliffe, Cooling, llalftozv, Chalk, Sheerness, Hoo, Barham, the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Wouldham, Hailing, Cuxjtone, Chatham, Gillingham, Abroad, and first composed, written, and printed in Rainham, Newington, Milton and Sittingbourne, in the Great Britain; to securing the Duties upon Foreign-County of Kent: And the same was received; and made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with read the First Time. a Duty; to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. British Corn and Grain in Neutral Ships; to the allow-Vol. 38. io P ing

88o 8° Martiu . A. 178 2.

ing the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, to certain Places in which

are or mat be under the Protection of His Majesty's Arms, and from fucti Places to Great Britain and other Parts of His Majesty's Dominions; to the impowering H is Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and restrain the carrying Coastwise, of Copper in Bars or Copper in Sheets; and to the allowing the Exportation ol certain Quantities ol Wheat and other Artielesto His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Interest on A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and

Book Debt?. Traders, of the Town of Neucafle upon Tyne, in the County of the Town of Newcastle upon who have thereunto lubscribed their Names, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have suffered great Lodes and Inconvenience in Trade from the long Credit which they have found themselves generally obliged to give, and are firmly persuaded, that if the several Manufacturers and Traders in England were authorized by Parliament to add Interest to their Book Debts after a certain stipulated Credit given, and under proper Regulations, it would tend greatly to the Advantage of Trade and Commerce; and that the Petitioners areadvised, the House hath been petitioned by the Manufacturers and Traders of and Westminster, for Leave to bring in a Bill for that Purpose, and have seen and approved of a Sketch of the Bill prepared and intended to be presented in case such Leave shall be granted: And therefore praying, That the said Bill, if it shall be permitted to be brought in, may (after receiving such Alterations and Amendments as the House shall dictate) pass into a Law.

Oi'deredfYhat the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

Cobham, &c. A Motion being made, That the Bill to repair, en- Bridges. large, and rebuild Cobham, Leathevhcad, and Godalming Bridges, in the County of Surrey, be now read a Second Time;

And the House being informed that the several Persons who petitioned this House upon Wednesday last, praying to be heard by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and which Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, declined being heard by their Counsel upon the Second Reading of the said Bill;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Fletcher Norton, Mr. Norton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Freeholders, Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey; and also the Petition of the High Sheriff of the County of Surrey, and of the Freeholders, Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants of the Eastern Half of the Hundred of Brixton, in the said County; and also the Petition

of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Hundred of Wallington, in the County of Surrey, which were presented to the House upon Wednesday last and this Day, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit

Ordered, That it be an Inflruction to the said Com-7

mittee.That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Sir John Wrotlejlex) reported from the Committee, to Stout, &, whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering koa<k and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the First Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Stone to Green Gate,

and from the West End of BilJ/o Street in hampton, to the High Street, of'pofite the Old Bush, in Dudley, and from a Place called Burnt Tree, near Dudley, to Birmingham, and from the Market Cross in Wolverhampton to Cannock, in the Counties of,

Worcester, and Wartoick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and fbund the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Places and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and In- Cobbs habitants, of the Hundred of Tandridge, in the County &c. Bndj of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill to repair, enlarge, and rebuild Cobham, Leatherhead, and Godalming Bridges, in the County of Surrey, and setting forth. That in same such Bill passes into a Law, the same will be extremely burthensome and injurious to the Petitioners, by fub-jectfngthem to a very enorroousTax; and that they conceive there is no Colour of Reason why the said Bridges should be deemed County Bridges, but on the contrary, as they are at present, and have been ever since the Building thereof, understood to be private Property, and to be kept in Repair at the Expence of certain particular Persons, by reason, or on account of the Tenure of their respective Estates, or other Contingencies, together with the VartlhesofLeatherhead and Felcham, such particular Persons and Parishes ought to continue subject to the Repair of such Bridges, from Time to Time, when necessary; and that the Petitioners reside many Miles from the said Bridges, and can derive little or no Benefit therefrom; and if the said Bridges are declared to be County Bridges, the Expences of rebuilding and repairing the same will of Course be paid out of the County Rates, which are very partially and unequally laid, and will make the Burthen particularly grievous on the Petitioners; for the Quota of the County Rate made upon each Parish and Place is paid out of the Poor's Bate, which in the Hundred of Tandridge, by having the said additional Tax laid upon it, will be an Expence not to be borne without the greateftDifficulty; and that the Petitioners beg Leave further to submit to the House, whether, in case it shall be determined to rebuild the said Bridges for the Accommodation of the Public, it w ill not be reasonable that the Expence of rebuilding or repairing the same be paid by a Toll on Cattle and Carriages passing thereon, together with some Contribution from the Persons and Estates now liable to the Repair thereof; or if the Expences must be borne out of the County'

Rate, that such Rate should be equal throughout the.

County: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as may affect them, and have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall fecui meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration

22 Geo. III.

8°: — 11+Martii.

88 r

Adjournment.

Motion respecting Army, &c. Expenditure.

Consideration of the Committee to whom the {hid Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Re/ohed, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, that the Money voted for the Army, Navy, and Ordnance, and the Debts already incurred, and laid before this House, fmee the Year 1775, exceed the Sum of One hundred Millions;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the other Orders of the Day be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth. Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, j

| 226.

Izi6.

Suppfy.

Ways and Meaus.

Mr. Adam,

Mr. John Bobinfon:

Mr. William Pitt,

Mr. Bipig:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luncey ii° die Martii;

Anno 220 Georgii III. Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

among the inferior and labouring Inhabitants, and be of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave he giveu to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Franchise of Much Wenlock and Parish of Daley, in the County of Salop: And that Mr. Hopkins,

Mr. Forejier, and Mr. Whitmore, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bolle reported from the Committee, to whom the L* respect Bill for amending and rendering more effectual the several Laws in being relative to llogues, Vagabonds, bonds/2 " Beggars, and other idle and disorderly Persons, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, With the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient For the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Charles Townfield presented to the House, ac- Coals 'uncording to Order, a Bill for better securing the Duties, ported into payable by virtue of an Act of the Fifth Year of the ^uth. Reign of Queen Anne, on the Importation of Coals,

Culm, and Cinders into the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Bejolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A/T R* Hopkins reported from the Committee, to bts. 1V1

Wenlock

Small Debts. IVA wljom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of, or Traders within, the Franchise of Wenlock, and the Parish of Dan-ley., in the County of Salop, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the find Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, tQ the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio wet h; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Addenbrooke being 'examined, said That very extensive Trades and Manufactories are carried on by the Inhabitants of the Franchises of Wenlock and Parish of Dawley — That many of the Persons employed in those Trades and Manufactories, frequently contract small Debts, which though well able to discharge, they often refuse to pay, presuming that the Difficulties and Delays attending the present legal Methods of compelling them so to do, will deter their Creditors from iuing for the same — That if a more summary and less expensive Mode of recovering small Debts within the said Franchise and Parish were established by the Legislature, it would tend greatly to assist the Merchants and Traders there, promote useful and necessary Credit VOL.3S.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for amending and widening the Road from Bawtry to Sheffield, and ivovcYSheffield to the South Side " of Wortley, in the County of York, where it joins " the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham toManchesterfo far as the same relates to the Road leading from Bazolry aforesaid to Tinjley, and through Part of the Towaof Tinjley to the Place where the same joins the Road leading from Rotherham to Sheffield, was read the third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title, be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of am: Ad, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, w An Act " for amending and widening the Road from Bawtry " to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the South Side of <c Wortley, in the County of York, where it joins the " Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham to Manchcjterfo far as the fame* relates to the Road leading from Bawtry aforesaid to Tinfiey, and through Part of the Town of Tinjley to the Place where the same joins the Road leading from Rotherham to Sheffield.

Ordered, That Mr. MelUJh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Adof the First Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Stone to Wordjley Green Gate, and from the West End of Bilston Street in Wolverhampton, to The High Street, opposite The Old Bush, in Dudley, and from a Place called Burnt Tree, near Dudley, to Birmingham, and from the Market Cross in Wolverhampton to Cannock, in the Counties of Stafford, War-cester, and Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering ami enlarging the Powers, of an Adof the First Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Stone to Wordjley Green Gate, and from the West End of Bilston Street in Waiver-/lampten, to the High Street, opposite the Old Bush, in

Dudley,

Bawtrr

&c.*

Road.

Stone,

&c. Roads*

r

882 if Martii 1782.

Dudley, and from a Place called Burnt Tree, near Dudley, to Birmingham, and from the Market Cross in Wolverhampton to Cannock, in the Counties of Stafford, Worcester, and Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir John Wrottesley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lands pur- An ingrossed Bill for making Compensation to the chafed for proprietors of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, ^'kY^lr anc* 1 lereditaments, in the Counties of Cornwall and ot ar s. 2)aY;w, purchased in purftiance of Twd Acts of Parliament, One made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores at Plymouth and Sheer-ness, and for better defending the Passage of the River Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort, and the other in the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for explaining and amending lb much of the said Act as relates to the Security of His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores at Plymouth; and to certain Proprietors and Occupiers of Laud at or near Plymouth> who have sustained any Loss or Damage in consequence of the said Act, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, purchased in pursuance of Two Acts of Parliament, One made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Plymouth and Sheerness, and for better defending the Passage of the River Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort, and the other in the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for explaining and amending so much of the said Act as relates to the Security of His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores at Plymouth; and to certain Proprietors and Occupiers of Land at or near Plymouth, who have sustained any Loss or Damage in consequence of the said Acts.

Ordered, That Mr. Strachey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Amcotts have Leave to go into Absence. the Country for Six Weeks, on his private Affairs.

D.tto. Ordered, That Mr. Lygon have Leave to go into the

Country for Six Weeks, on his private Affairs.

Land Tax An ingrossed Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names Comrr.iffion- of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, ers* made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made iti the same Session, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land u Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service " of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-u one;" and for appointing other Commissioners together with those named in the First-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act " for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax " to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the u One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one and for appointing other Commissioners together with those named in the First-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One tfiou-sand Seven hundred and Eighty-two.

*7

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging, the Term of an Act Dartford,*c. of the First Year of His present Majesty, for amending RoaUl* the Road from Dartford to Northfleet, and other Roads in the County of Kent; and for allowing an Annual Payment out of the 'Foils arising upon the said Roads, to the Trustees for the Care of the Road leading from Rochester to Maidstone, in the said County, to be applied for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Rqfolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of an Act of the First Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Dartford to Northfleet, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent; and for allowing an Annual Payment out of the Tolls arising upon the said Roads, to the Trustees for the Care of the Road leading from Rochester to Maidstone, in the said County, to be applied for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Marsham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Part of the Shcpton Forest of Alendip, and a Piece of Waite Laud called Mallet Windsor's Hill, situate within the Parish of Shepton Lclolm Mallet, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That thei Bill be committed to Mr. Darker %

Mr. Penruddock, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. !

A Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, Dalkeith made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reiguof his late Twg(J^nl1 Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or Onesixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint " of Ale, Porter, or Beer, brewed for Sale, or vended,

<c within the Town and Parish of Dalkeithwas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the BUI be committed to Mr. Ord, the Lord AdvocaV. of Scotland, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of Liver- Arkwright*# pool, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was pre- Cotton fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the c we* Petitioners observe by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented from Richard Arkwright, of Cromford, in the County of Derby, Cotton Manufacturer, for Leave to bring in a Bill to extend the Term granted him by Patent for the exclusive Use of certain Machines, said to have been by him invented, for making Cotton into Yarn; and alledging, that the said Rickard Ark-xvright hath already obtained every Advantage w hicli the Laws in being have provided for t lie Encouragement of new Inventions, and by the Emoltimeatsarifing from this exclu five Grant hath, as the Petitioners are informed and believe, realized such a Fortune as every unprejudiced Person mull allow to be an ample Compensation for the most happy Efforts of Genius; ami that the Interposition of the Legislature to grant Hill greater Rewards, and such as are unwarranted by any |

Statute now in Force, might, as the Petitioners apprehend, give Stability to a dangerous Monopoly, and prove highly prejudicial to the Manufactures, Commerce, and Navigation of this Country, by leaving to all other Kingdoms the unlimited L fe of Machines, which would,.in England alone, he thereby confined to the arbitrary Dispoialof One Man only: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law,

A Petition of the Merchants of Lancujltr, was also

preftuted

13 Geo..II!.

11

Martiu

§8j

presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of tile Application mentioned in the preceding Petition $ and Tetting forth, That the Petitioners have every Keafon to believe that Mr. Arkwright has enjoyed his present Patent to his own great Emolument; and they presume, that a Patentee being amply rewarded for his Genius and Invention, the Public are afterwards fully entitled to its Utility, and the more extended the more Benefit will be derived: And therefore praying. That the Extension of the said Patent may not take Place.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie Upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Arkwright^ of in the County of Derby, Cotton Manufacturer, is referred.

A' Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papills, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, was read a Second Time.

Rtjblved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Philip Jennings Clerke, the Lord Mahon, &c.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

- A Bill for amending and repairing the Pavement in, and for lighting such of, the several Streets, Lanes, Ways, and other Places in the united Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the in Westminster, as are at present excluded from the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend and render more effectual " several Acts made relating to paving, cleansing, and " lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places " within the City and Liberty of and Parts

"adjacent;" and for preventingNuifancesand Annoyances in or near the fame, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Fox, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Gross and Nett Amount of the Duty on Soap for Three Years, ending 5th July 1781: °ap' c'

And also, the Amount of the Drawbacks on Sp$p exported, and of the Allowances For Soap con fumed in the Woollen Manufactures, for the same Period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,* an Account of Account of the Number of Licensed Tea Dealers in England and Wales, and of the Amount of the Duties e ers" arising from such Licences, between the 5th July 1780 and the 5th July 1781.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Number of Barrels of Beer brewed in Beer brewed.

England and H ales, and charged One-Tenth Strong and Nine-Tenths Small, between the 5th July 1780 and the 5th July 1781.

The House being informed that Mr. Bruere, from the Commissioners of Recife, attended at tire Door; he was called in; and, at the Bat, presented to the Housej pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Gross and Nett Amount of the Account of Duty on Soap, for Three Years, ending 5th July 1781: Duties on And also, the Amount of the Drawbacks on Soap ex- SoaP*&c* ported, and of the Allowances for Soap consumed in the Woollen Manufactures, for the same Period: And also,

An Account of the Number of Licensed Tea t)eal- Licensed Tea ers in England and Wales, and of the Amount of the Dealers. Duties arising from.such Licences, between the 5th July 1780 and the 5th July 1781: And also.

An Account of the Number of Barrels of Beer Beer brewed, brewed in England and Wales, and charged One-Tenth Strong ancfNine-Tenths Small, between the 5th July 1780 and the 5th July 1781.

_ And. then he withdrew.

Ana. the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

An ACCOU.NT of the Gross and Nett Amount of the Duty on Soap for Three Years, ending 5th July 1781: And also the Amount of the Drawbacks on Soap exported, 'and of Allowaftces.for Soap consumed in the Woollen Manufactures, for the same Period. .1; < \ 1

Years ending 5th July

f ;: . 1 Gross Amounts. 1 Amounts of v Drawbacks and Allowances. ' / Nett Amounts* t

t"1779> -{1780, [1781, 214,019 12 7i 232,244 7 6i 236,376 5 3i 15,777 11 1 17.789 — 4i 20,110 12 5 198,242 1 6{ 214,455 7 216,265 12 io{

682,640 5 5$ 53.677 3 10* 628,963 1 7$

Average 227,546 15 if 17,892 7 ni 209,654 7 2

Excise Office,

London,

nth March 1782.

Jit Webb, Accomptant General:

1 T , t *;()

W. Lotondes,

S* Brookjbahfc, *

J. Pownall,

H. Legge,

M. Whi/h.

I VoL. 38.

10 Q

Ax

Account of fbk Duties.

884 11 ° Martiu

A. 1781.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Licen fed Tea Dealers in England and Wales y and of the Amount of the Duties arising from such Licences, between the 5th July 1780 and the 5th July 1781.

Number of Dealers. Money.

£ s. d.

35.554 8,888 10 mmmm

W. Lowndes, Sc Brooksbank, J. Pownatt,

Excise Office, London, H. Legget

nth March 1782. M.Wfrish.

Sam. Marriott, Accomptant General,

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Barrels of Beer brewed in £tfg/<z«dand and charged OaeTenth

Strong and Nine-Tenths Small, between the 5th July 17^0 and the 5th July 1781.

Barrels. Firkins.

In Town, In die Country - J 459*13^ 1 104.385 1 3

S^3>522 —

Excise Office, lA)ndony jilh March 1781. , .

ff. Zla/fc* GenJ Exam'*

yo/t/t Lee/e, Gen1 Infpr.

-N.B. The above Account is extracted from the Boolcs which contain the Officers Charge of thisDut^ both in London and in those Collections in the Country in which this Species of Beer is usually brewed. There are fojne Collections which for Want of Time have not been examined, but it is supposed that - if any Beei-if this Species has been brewed in such Collections, the Number of Barrels are but few.

W. Lowndes,

& Brooksbank?

J. Pownatl,

JL J'tgge*

M. Whish.

OnUr^d7 Tha# the said Accounts be referred to the The House being informed that Mr. Toplady, Secre-Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred tary to the Comjnissioners of the Salt Duties, attended Sa^t *)u'm to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre-Supply granted to His Majesty. tinted to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Payments into the Exchequer,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an or N§tt Produce, of the Duties on Salt, from 5th April Account of the Payments into the Exchequer, or Nett 1780 to 5th April 1781, and from 5th April 1781 to Produce, of the Duties on Salt, from 5th April 1780 6th March 1782. to 5th April 1781, and from ^th April 1781 to 6th And then hewithdrew.

March 1782. And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth viz.

PAYMENTS

ii Geo. III. ii° Martiu 885

PAYMENTS into the Exchequer, or Nett Produce, of the Duties on Salt, from 5th April 1780 to 5th

April 1781, and from 5th April 1781 to 6th March 1782.

V m — - — Duties continued from 5th April 1759, and Duty on Foul Salr, from 1 ft May 1768. Additional Duties, from 10th Mcy 17So. TOTAL.

From 5th April 1780 to 5th April 1781 From 5th April 1781 to 6th March 1782 - - - £ * d. 252,479 15 2 220,793 8 — £. s. d. 31>°44 7 — 55>»98 3 — £ 283,524 *75*99* s. d. 2 2$ 11 —

Salt Office, John

nth March 1782. Oli. Tilfon,

Ex', John Elliott.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

*ew Bridge. A Bill for budding a Stone Bridge cross the River of Thames, from the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore in the Hamlet of Kew, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

obham.&c. A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and In- Bridge*. habitants of the Parities of WindJesham,

ham, Bijley, and Hamlet of Frimley, in the Hundreds of Woking and Godley, in the Wftlern Parts of the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to repair, enlarge, and rebuild Cohham, Leatherhead, and Godalming Bridges, in the County of Surrey, and Getting forth, That in case such Bill passes into a Law, the same will be extremely burthensome and injurious to the Petitioners, by fub-! jesting them to a very enormous Tax; and that they

conceive there is no Colour of Reason why the said , Bridges should be deemed County Bridges, but on the

contrary, as they are at present, and have been ever since the Building thereof, understood to be private Property, and to be kept in Repair at the Expence of certain particular Persons, by reason or on account of the ' Tenure of their respective Estates or other Contingencies, together with the Parishes of Leatherhead and Fetcham, such particular Persons and Parishes ought to continue subject to the Repair of such Bridges, from Tune to Time when neoeflary; and that the Petitioners reiide many Miles from the said Bridges, and can derive little or no Benefit therefrom, and if the said Bridges are declared to be County Bridge, the Expences of rebuilding and repairing the tame will of coorfe be paid out of the County Rates, which are very partially and unequally laid, and will make the Burthen particularly grievous on the Petitioners; for the Quota of the County Rate made upon each Parish and Place is paid out of the Poor's Rate, Which in the Hundreds of Woking, &c. are now very burthensome, Apd by having the said additional Tax laid upon them, will be an Expence not to be borne without the greeted Difficulty i and that the Petitioners beg Leave further fto fubaiit to the House, whether, in case it shall be determined to rebuild the said Bridges for the Accommodation of the Public, it will not be reasonable that the Vot. 3ft.

Expence of rebuilding or repairing the same be paid by a Toll on Cattle and Carriages passing thereon, together with some Contribution from the Persons and Estates now liable to the Repair thereof, or if the Expences must be borne out of the County Rate, that such Rate should be equal throughout the County:

And therefore praying. That they may be heart!, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as may affect them, and have such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall feemmeet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. liett:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act White Croft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed to in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Road leading from White Crnfs, in the Parish of Leven, in Hulderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Beverley, in tl»e same County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Minfterworth for allotting Part of Minfierworth Ham, in the Parish Ham of Minfierworth, in the County of to Charles Allotment.

Barrow, Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, in lieu of his Common Rights thereupon; anti for allowing Exchanges within the said Parifo; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Galley to confirm and carry into Execution certain Articles Corner, &c. of Agreement entered into between the Right honour- Road, able James Earl of Salisbury and the Trustees appointed by and under several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield Chace, in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill, in the County of Hertford; and for turning and altering the said Road in the Manner mentioned in the said Agreement; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Truro Road*, for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually

886

11

9

12

Martii,

A, 1-781.

Schmoll't

Nat.

Supply Bill;

Annuities and Lottery.

feftually amending several Roads leading from the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, to the Roads leading from Short I ants End, in the Parish of Kemoyn, to Callejtock Burrozt\ and from the Burrows in the said Parish, to and from the Three Burrows in the said Parish, to Saint Agnes Alms HouJ'e,in the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles Frederick without any Amendment: And also,

The- Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply.

Wa'

sc

MC3

and [cant.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning nest, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Account of Shipwrights, tec.

The Earl of Lisburne, from the Commissioners for executing the Ofliceof Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, *

An Account of the Number of Shipwrights and Caulkers, with their Apprentices, employed in His Majesty's different Yards of this Kingdom, with an Account of the Increase or Decrease of their Numbers, from the ill of January 1775 to the ill of January 1782, together with the Numbers that have served His Majesty Fourteen Years in that Capacity in the different Dock Yards of this Kingdom, including their Servitudes.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mart is, 12* die Mart is;

Anno 220 Georgii III" Regis, 1782. PrAyers.

r\RD ERED, That Mr. Kenyon, Chief Justice of Chester, have Leave to go that Circuit. Absena,

Ordered, That Mr. Ambler have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, for the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Admiral Keppel have Leave to go into the Country for Four Days, on his private Affairs.

Mr. Thijllethwayte reported from the Committee, to Wnbili.h, whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for an Kw. Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from Weyhill, in the County of Southampton, to Lyde Way, in the County of Wilts, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative toTurnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth, viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Ralph Etwall, Esquire, being examined, informed

your Committee, That great Prog refs hath been made in amending the said Road; in doing which the Tells, together with a considerable Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly expended; that the Money so borrowed is still due, and cannot be paid off, and the Roads continued in proper Repair, unlelii the Term and Powers of the said Act be enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Weyhill, in the County of Southampto the Turnpike Road at Lyde Way, in the county of : And that Mr. Thijllethwayte and Mi. Jervoise do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iffne his Warrant to BoAmTi the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ fot the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, in the room of the Right honourable Robert Bertie, commonly called Lord Robert Bertie, deceastid.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sir Robert Lawley reported from the Committee, to Timmuk, whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of RmA an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several " Roads leading to and through the Borough of Tamworth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the " Counties of Stafford, Warwick, and Derby," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Report, was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necesiary to be made'to the said Bill.

Resolved,

Hi-

m

£4

22 Geo. III. 12 0 Martii.887

Resolved, That the said Bill he re-committed.

Rt'faked. That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

1.

porley, A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Road. Tar porley, in the County Palatine of Chester, to ABon

Bridge, near Weverham, in the same County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton, Mr. Bertie, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

sxhamto A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-mhill pair, the Road from Wrexin the County of <oad- high, to Barnhill, in the County of was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Salusbury Cot 'on, Mr. Wi Bootle, &c.: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message by Sir Francis Gentleman

Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

yal Assent The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's o Bilk. Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to Itear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission aforementioned, had been at the Hopfe of Peers; where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Frivate Bills therein mentioned; and also impqwering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Earl of Sandwich, and the Lord Amherjt, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth;

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities; and for establishing a Lottery:

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of fine Organzined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time:

An Act for keeping the Militia Forces of this Kingdom complete, during the Time therein mentioned:

An Act to continue the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Prefion to Lancaster, and from thence to a Place called Heiring Syke, that divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmoreland:

An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending several Roads leading from the Borough of Truro, in the County of -wall, to the Roads leading from Shortlanes End, in the Pai fh of Kemeyn, to CalUfiock Burrow, and from the Two Burroics in the said Parish, to Perron Alms and from the Three Burroics in the said Parish, to Saint Agnes Alms House, in the said County:

An Act to confirm, and carry into Execution, certain Articles of Agreement entered into between the Right Vol. 38.

honourable James Earl of Salijbun/ and the Trustees appointed by and under several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield Chare, in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill, iii the County of Hertford-, and for turning and altering the said Road in the Manner mentioned in the said Agreement:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Road leading from White Cross, in the Parish of Leven, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Beverley, in the same County:

An Act for allotting Part of MiHam, in the Parish of Minfierworth, in the County of Gbu-cefier, to Charles Barrow, Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, in lieu of his Common Rights thereupon, and for allowing Exchanges within the said Parish:

An Act for naturalizing John Claudius Billet:

An Act for naturalizing Charles Frederick Schmoll.

A Bill for the more easy and speed Recovery of Rochester, Small Debts within the City of Roclufier and the Pa-riflies of Slrood, Frindsbury, Cobham, Shorne, Higham, e Cliffe. Cooling, Halfiow, Chalk, Sheern Hoo, Burham, Woiddham, Hailing, Cuxfione, Chatham, Gillingham,

Rainham, Newington, Milton, and Siltingbourne, in the County of Kent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hatton,

Mr. Marsham, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Importation to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of to consider of the Duties payable upon the Importation of Snuff, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refnmed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Regulating itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the th*^*a"ne Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Supplying itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to ca >c‘ serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other trading Ships and Vessels.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

10 R Mr.

888 ii° Martii. 1782.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. fume in any one Year, the Gross Quantity of One Itun-

Mr. Stephens report edfrom the Committee, That they dted Pounds Weight of Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, or had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- Chocolate, shall be deemed and taken to be a Seller

nients thereunto; which they had directed him to re- of and Dealer in the said respective Commodities

port, when the House will please to receive ths fame. by Wholesale, and shall yield and pay annually to

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow llis Majesty, His Heirs and Succefi'ors, the said

Morning. Sum of Fifty Shillings for a Licence for that Purpose.

Unclaimed The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Pri*e a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma-

tooucy. Relief of Naval Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Sol- jesty, there shall be raised, levied, and paid, for and

diers, with respect to Prize and Bounty Money not upon all Soap, of what Kind soever, which at any

claimed iu due Time. Time or Times shall be made within the Kingdom of

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Great Britain, by any Person or Persons whomsoever.

The Earl of Lijburnetook the Chair of the Com- an additional Duty of Three Farthings for every Pound mittee. Weight Avoirdupois, and after that Rate for a greater

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. or letter Quantity; the same to be paid by the Maker

The Earl of Lifoiime reported from the Committee, or Makers thereof respectively.

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Mato report, when the House will please to receive the jesty, an additional Duty of Four Pence }>er Pound fame. Weight be laid upon all Tobacco imported into Great

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Britain.

Morning. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said additional Duty upon Tobacco shall be Wav? Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the subject and liable to the Payment of the Duty or Charge and Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- of Five Pounds laid upon the Produce and

ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raif- Amount of the several Duties under the Management ing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Ex-which the Committee had directed him to report to the cife, by an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards de- Reign of His present Majesty.

livered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, read; and are as folio wet h; viz.That the Duties now payable on the Importation of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Portugal, and Italian Brandy, accord-

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma- ingto the Rates at which such Brandies are respectively jesty, there shall be raised, levied, and paid, throughout rated or valued, doceafe, determine, and be no longer England and Wales, for every Barrel of Beer or Ale, paid, above Six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, of Excise, and not exceeding Eleven Shillings the Bar- That there be raised, levied, collected, and paid, for rel, exclusive of such Duties, to be brewed by the every 'Eon of Brandy or Spirits containing Two bun-common Brewer, the Sum of Three Shillings, and so dred and Fifty-two Gallons, imported into this King-in Proportion for a greater or lelfer Quantity, to be dom, the Sum of Eight Pounds Eight Shillings, and paid by the common Brewer, in lieu of all other Du- after that Rate for any greater or less Quantity, ties; and that no Allowance shall be made to any com- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, mon Brewer out of the Monies to arise by the Duties That there be raised, levied, collected, and paid, for on Malt, granted by an Act, made in the Twentieth every Ton of Arrack, containing Two hundred and Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for any Fifty-two Gallons, imported into this Kingdom, the such Beer so brewed by any common Brewer as afore- Sum of Eight Pounds Eight Shillings, and after that said. Rate for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty on Licences to betaken out by Persons That the said several Duties upon Brandy and Arrack trading in, vending, or felling Coffee, Tea, or Choco- shall be subject and liable to the Payment of the Duty late, do cease, determine, and be no longer paid or or Charge of Five Pounds per Centum, laid upon the payable. Produce and Amount of the several Duties under the

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Management of the respective Commissioners of the That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- Customs and Excise, by an Act made in the Nine-jesty, every Person felling of, or dealing in, Coffee, Tea, teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty. Cocoa Nuts, or Chocolate, who shall retail or confnme Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, any of the said Commodities in final! Quantities, under That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-the Weight of Six Pounds in any one Parcel, shall jesty, an additional Duty of Two Pence Halfpen yield and pay annually inYto His Majesty, His Heirs Gallon be laid upon all Foreign Salt imported into and Successors, the Sum of Ten Shillings for a Licence Great Britain, to be paid by the Importer and Importers for that Purpose. thereof, and after that Rate for a greater or letter

ReJ'oloed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Quantify.

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, jesty, every Person felling of, or dealing in, Coffee, That., towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma-Ten, Cocoa Nuts, or Chocolate, who shall vend or lell jesty, an additional Duty of One Penny Farthing per any of the said Commodities by Wholesale, or in any Quantity above the* Weight of Si.. Pounds in any one Parcel, shall yield anti pay annually unto His Mnjeliv,

II is Heirs and Success'ors, the Sum of Fif ty Shillings for a Licence for that Per pole.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His.M.i-jeiiy, every Person felling of, or dealing in, Cotli-e,

Tea, Cocoa Nuts, or Chocolate, who Hull foil or cou-16

Gallon be laid upon all Salt and Rock Salt which shall be made at the Salt Works, or be taken ou£ of anjrJRt or Pits, in that Part o{ Great Britain called IFtilt'y, ami i own ot Beneick upon Tzueedt and ,after that Rate for a greater or kller Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Coaotn 'lint, towards railing the Supply granted to H» jei.y, :m acidif >oicd Duly of Three Pence Hu/lid be laid upon all Salt which shall be mafloat any Salt

22 Geo. III. 12° Martii. 889

"Works, or be taken ont of any Pit or Pits, in that Part of Great Britain called , and alter that

Rate for a greater or Idler Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Seven Pence Bnftiel be laid upon all Salt imported from Scotland into England, Wales, and Town of Berwick upon and after

that Rate for a greater or lelfer Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to Mis Majesty, a Duty of Twenty Shillings per Hundred Weight be laid upon all Sabs known or called by the Name of Glauber or Epsom Salts, and every other Medicinal Salt made or produced at. any Salt Work within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and after that Rate for a greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence be charged Yearly for every Sum of One hundred Pounds, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Sum, that is or shall be insured by any Person in or by any Policy of Assurance lor inl'uring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Property, from Loss by Fire, in Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, Towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma-jetiy, a Stamp Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Piece of Veiimn or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Inland Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, payable otherwise than upon Demand, shall be iiigrofled, written, or printed, where the Sum exprelied therein, or made payable thereby, shall not amount to the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Stamp Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Inland Bill of Exchange, Promifl'ory Note, or other Note, payable otherwise than upon Demand, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to the Sum of Fifty Pounds or upwards.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Person or Persons who shall keep any Theatre, House, Room, Garden, or other Place for Public Dancing, Music, or other Public Entertainment of the like Kind, or any other Place of Public Entertainment, Interlude, or Exhibition, where the Price of Admission for each Person shall amount to the Sum of One Shilling or upwards, shall yield and pay Annually to His Majesty the Sum of Five Shillings for a Licence for that Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Person at and for his or her Admission into any Theatre, House, Room, Garden, or other Place kept for Public Dancing, Music, or other Public Entertainment of the like Kind, or into any other Place of Public Entertainment, Interlude, or Exhibition, where the Price of such Admission shall amount to the Sum of Oile Shilling, and where no Wine or Exciseable Liquors are sold by Retail, or permitted to be consumed, for the Benefit of the Proprietor of such Public Place.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Person at and for his or her Admission into any Theatre, House, Room, Garden, or other Place kept for Public Dancing, Music, or other Public Entertainment of the like Kind, or into any other Place of Public Entertainment, Interlude, or Exhibition, where the Price of

Vol. 38.

fitch Admission shall amount to the Sum of One Shilling, and where Wine or Exciseable Liquors are sold by a Retail, or permitted to be consumed, for the Benefit of the Proprietor of such Public Place.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Person at and for his or her Admission into any Theatre,

I Ionfe, Room, Garden, or other Place kept for Public Dancing, Music, or Other Public Entertainment of the like Kind, or into any other Place of Public Entertainment, Interlude, or Exhibition, where the Price of such Admission shall exceed One Shilling, and shall not amount to more than Three Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of One Shilling be charged upon every Person at. and for his or her Admission into any Theatre, House, Room, Garden, or other Place kept for Public Dancing, Music, or other Public Entertainment of the like Kind, or into any other Place of Public Entertainment, Interlude, or Exhibition, where the Price of such Admission shall exceed the Sum of Three Shillings, and shall not amount to more than Five Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Person at and for his or her Admission into any Theatre, House, Room, Garden, or other Place kept for Public Dancing, Music, or other Public Entertainment of the like Kind, or into any other Place of Public Entertainment, Interlude, or Exhibition, where the Price of such Admission shall amount to more than Five Shillings, and shall not exceed Ten Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Five Shillings be charged upon every Person at and for his or her AdmWion into any House, Room, Garden, or other Place kept for Public Dancing or Music, or other Public Entertainment, Interlude, or Exhibition, where the Price of such Admission shall exceed the Sum of Ten Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there he charged the Sum of Three Pence for every Mile any Waggon, Wain, or ether Four-wheeled Carriage, shall travel, carrying any Kind of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize for Hire, and being drawn on Rollers or Wheels above the Breadth of Nine Inches.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged the Sum of Two Pence Halfpenny for every Mite any Waggon, Wain, or other Four-wheeled Carriage, shall travel, carrying any Kind of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize for Hire, and being drawn on Wheels above Six Inches, and not exceeding Nine Inches in Breadth.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged the Sum of One Penny Three Farthings for every Mile any Waggon, Wain, or other Four-wheeled Carriage, shall travel, carrying any Kind of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize for Hire, and being drawn on Wheels of above Three Inched, and not exceeding Six Inches in Breadth.

R<Jolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny for every Mile any Waggon, Wa n, or other Four-wheeled Carriage, shall travel, carrying any Kind of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize for Hire, and being drawn on Wheels of Three Inches or less in Breadth.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to- I Iis Majesty, there be charged the Sum of One Penny Farthing

for

Way* and Means.

890 12* — 13°

for every Mile any Cart, or other Two-wheeled Carriage, shall travel, carrying any Kind of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize for Hire, and being drawn on Wheels above Six Inches in Breadth.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged the Sum of One Penny for every Mile any Cart, or other Two-wheeled Carriage, shall travel, carrying any Kind of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize for Hire, and being drawn on Wheels of above Three Inches, and not exceeding Six Inches in Breadth.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged the Sum of One Halfpenny for every Mile any Cart, or other Two-wheeled Carriage, shall travel, carrying any Kind of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize for Hire, and being drawn on Wheels of Three Inches or less in Breadth.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Person who shall keep any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, for carrying Goods, Wares, and Merchandize for Hire, shall yield and pay Annually unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence for a Licence for that Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Owner of any Barge, Lighter, Trow, Keel, or other Craft, forearming Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Passengers above Twelve in Number, shall yield and pay Annually unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Sum of Two Shillings and Six Pence for a Licence to navigate or pass such Barge, Lighter, Trow, Keel, or other Craft, upon any River or Canal Navigation within the Kingdom of Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged a Duty of One Farthing per Ton on the Tonnage of every Barge, Lighter, Trow, Keel, and other Craft carrying Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Passengers above Twelve in Number, for every Mile Gich Barge, Lighter, Trow, Keel, or other Craft, shall navigate or pass on any River or Canal Navigation within the Kingdom of Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged a Duty of Three Pence Ton on the Tonnage of every Ship, or Vessel, employed in the Coasting Trade, from one Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain to another, where such Ship or Vessel shall pass by open Sea, except Ships laden wholly with Coals, Lime, Limestones, Chalk, Marl, or Dung.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said several Duties shall be under the Direction of the Commissioners for managing His Majesty's Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person who shall keep any Office or Place for buying, felling, fegiftering, disposing, or otherwise dealing in, any Tickets or Parts thereof, in aqy Lottery whatsoever, or shall, by Writing or Printing, publish the setting up or using such Office or Place, shall first take out a Licence for that Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there shall be raised, levied, and paid, unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every such Licence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Monies to arise by the said Duties shall be applied towards defraying the Expences attending the Commission to be made forth for managing, directing, and drawing such Lottery.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second

Martii. 1782*

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Ord, the Lord North, the Lord Wefcote, the Lord Sir

Richard Sutton, Mr. Buller, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. John Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Port-Pijfcu the Clerk of the Crown,'to make out a new Writ for Wnt the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Port-Pigkam, alias West-Looe, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of John Buller, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward, or Bailiff, of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Dejbo-rough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 130 Martii;

Anno 22* Georgii III*1' Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That an additional Number of Lswsre- Copies of the Bill, with the Amendments, for bj amending and rendering more effectual the several Laws y°Suf5,; in being relative to Rogues, Vagabonds, Beggars, and other idle and disorderly Persons, be printed, for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Hdlewartr, thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for putting lee. Roa^ in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Haleworthy, in the Parish of " Davidstow, in the County of Cornwall, to the East " End of Wadebridge, in the said County, and from the " West End of Wadebridge aforesaid into and through " the Borough of Mitchell, in the said County," so far as concerns the Western Division of the said Roads from the East End of Wadebridge in and through the Borough of Mitchell aforesaid, and also the several other Persons whose Names are also thereunto subscribed, being the only Creditors for Money remaining unpaid and advanced upon the Credit of the Tolls arising within the said Western Division, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees in the said Act named are authorized to erect Turnpikes and Toll Houses on the said Road, and to receive the Tolls in the said Act mentioned, to be applied in the first Place for defraying the Expences of passing the said Act, and the Remainder in Manner following; that is to say. Such Tolls as should arise from that Part of the Road leading from Haleioorthy to the East End of Wadebridge, to be laid out upon the same Road, and the Tolls arising from that Part of the Road leading from the West End of Wadebridge, to and through the Borough of Mitchell, to be laid out on that Road; and the same Proportion was to be observed with respect to the Monies to be borrowed and laid out on the same Roads respectively; and Power was thereby given to the said Trustees to Subdivide themselves to the Care and Service of the said respective Roads, and they were authorized to borrow, on the Credit of the said respective Tolls, any Sum not exceeding .5,000, which by the said Act is directed to be applied in the Manner thereinbefore mentioned, in respect to the said Roads;

and

22 Geo. III. i Martiu891

mid that, at a Meeting of the said Trustees, which was holden on the iotliDt;y of June 1760, they subdivided themselves to the Care and Management of the Eastern and Western. Divisions of the said Roads respectively, and resolved, that the Sum of/. 5,000 should he borrowed on the Security of the said l olls, 2,500 for the Vfe of the Eastern Division, and the like Sum for the Use of the Western Diy ifion, and at several subsequent Meetings Orders were made conformable to the Plan laid down at the said first Meeting; and that the Trustees of the Western Subdivision Road proceeded to put the said Act and Orders into Execution, and from the Tolls arising from such Western Division, and from several considerable Sums of Money borrowed at littered on the Credit of the Tolls thereof, have not only repaired the Western Division of the said Road, but have paid off all the Money and Interest so borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls thereof, except what remains due to the Petitioners the said Creditors, and which they are ready, and hereby offer, to give up and relinquish, if not wholly satisfied within the Term limited by the said Act; and that the Petitioners find p Bill is depending in the House, for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, generally calculated, as the Petitioners conceive, to throw the Burthen of the Repair and Maintenance of the Eastern Division of the said Road, and charge the Money borrowed on the Credit thereof on the said Western Division, contrary to Justice, and highly burthensome and injurious to all those who may have Occasion infuture to pass and repafsalong the said Western Division, which is capable in Time to coineto be kept in sufficient Repair by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, so far as to extend to or affect the Western Division of the said Road; and that the Petitioners may be at Liberty to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, so far as it respiefts or concerns the Western Division of the said Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom -the Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from , in the Parish of

Davidstow, in the County of Cornwall, to the East End of Wadebridge, in the said County, and from the West End of Wadebridge, aforesaid, into and through the Borough of Mitchell, in the said County, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, ‘if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Importation Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the of Snuff. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Duties payable upon the Importation of Snuff, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; apd are as folio wet h; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty payable upon the Importation of French Snuff do cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Snuff of the Product or Manufacture of France, imported into this Kingdom, be subject to the same Duties as are payable upon the Importation of Snuff from. Italy, Spain, or Portugal.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second

Vol. 38.

Time, were, tipon the (iueftion severally put thereupon; agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen* who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolution which, upon the 5th

Day of February last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for extending the Provisions of Two Acts, made in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

" and in the last Session of Parliament, with respect to " bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to " Prize Goods, and for repealing so much of the said of Iaft-mentioned Act as relates to the Certificates for " Prize Tea and East India Goods exported from this " Kingdom to Ireland; for the Removal of East India " Good? condemned as Prize at any Out Port, to " London for Sale, and of Prize Goods for Exportation; and for reducing the Duty on Foreign Prize " Tobacco;" and also of so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled* " An Act for " extending the Provisions of Three Acts, made in the " Eighteenth, Nineteenth, and Twentieth Years of His present Majesty'sReign, with respect to bringingPrize " Goods into this Kingdom, to Prizes taken from the " States General of The United Provinces; for declaring " what Goods shall be deemed Military or Ship Stores;

" for regulating the Sale of, and ascertaining the Duties upon, East Indig, Goods Condemned as Prize in the " Port of London; for permitting the Purchaser6 of " Prize Goods condemned Abroad, to import such Goods into this Kingdom, under the like Regulations and Advantages as are granted by Law to Captors " themselves; and for reducing the Duties on Foreign " Prize Tobacco," as relate to the Sale of, and afeer- taining the Duties upon, East India Goods condemned as Prize in this Kingdom, and was then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions now agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for regulating the Importation of Foreign Snuff into this Kingdom.

The House being informed that Mr. Montague, from Account* the Office of Chamberlain of the City of London, at- c^amberlai tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, London, presented to the Hoqfe, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament;

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, on the 5th July 1781: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of fondon, in pursuance of an Act for building a Bridge at Blacbfriars, from the

28th September 1780 to the 28th September 1781: And also,

An Accoupt of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of London, for rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate, in the City of London, from the 28th September *780 to the 25th December 1781: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of London, for embanking Part of the North Side of the River Thames, within certain Limits* from the 28th September 1780 to the 28th September 1781: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of London, for making a Street from Moor fields into Bishopsgate Street from 29th September 1780 to 29th September 1781: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of London, in pursuance of an Act for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City

10 S of

892

130 Martii.

A. '17

Cricklade

Election.

of London, to purchase the present Tolls for Navigating upon the River Thames, and for laying a small Toll in lieu thereof, from the 28th September 178010 the 28th September 1781: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of London, in pursuance of an Act for making, enlarging, &V. the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers within ihe City of London, and for paving, cleansing, and enlightening the said City, from the 28th September 1780 to the 28th September 1781: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of London, in respect of£. 10,000 granted

(C

present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for more < " tually carrying into Execution certain PropofaLs " by the Most Noble Henri) DukeofBuccleugh, the Noble Charles Duke of Queenfberiy and Do er " others, fdr redeeming the Annuities granted b; " Company of the Bank of Ayr, in that Part of t Cc Britain called Scotland, known under the Fir iC Douglas, Heron, and Companywithout Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Ar to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers Act, made in the First of the Reign of Mis pr

the

the

Gaol of Nexcgate, in the City of Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending and w

23d June to the 25th December

for rebuilding London, from 1781.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, up-

ing the Roads from the Turnpike Road upon Ga ley Moor, in the County of York, to St raindrop, i County of Durham, and from the said Tun Road near Smallways, aerofs the River Tees, to (Ion, in the said County of Durham; and for buil a Bridge over the said River, at or near JVt Ford " without any Amendment; And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Ai for continuing the Term, and altering andenlargin Powers of an Act, made in Thirty-third Ye: his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leadii on the Bill for the preventing of Bribery and Corrup- the Town of Oakhampton, in the County of Dt

tion in the Election of Members to servein Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts;

Ordered, That the Minutes of the Proceedings, taken before the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Samuel

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Ar for continuing the Term, and altering and en ing the Powers, of an Act of the Second Ye: His present Majesty, for amending and widening

Petrie, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Road from the Market House in Stourbridge to Return for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for l„e T^'lSSwST* } *

Tellers for the Noes, J . J 25.

So it Then raittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Midleton took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

was resolved in the Affirmative, the House resolved itself into the said Com-

Gate in Cradley, and other Roads therein mentic in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, \ as the same relates to the Roads leading from Market House in Stourbridge to Colly Gate, and Pedmore to Holly Hall, and from Colly Gate to h ozeen; and for opening a more commodious ( munication with the Birmingham Turnpike R Without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreeed to the the Bill, intit An Act to explain, amend, and render more efle£ an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reij His present Majesty, for making and maintain'd Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Stourbr in the County of Worcester, to join the Stafford and Worcestershire Canal at or near Stour ton, ii County of Stafford, and also Two Collateral

The Lord Midleton reported from the Committee, therein mentioned; without any Amendment.

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Thompson have Leave to go the Country for Six Weeks, on his private Alfai

Leadenham Hill Hoads.

Ayr Bank.

A Bill for restraining any Person, being a Mer of the House of Commons, from being concerned i A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. self, or any Person in Trust for him, in any Con Hett: made by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treal

Mr. Speaker, the Commissioners of the Navy, the Board of Ordna

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act or by any other Person or Persons for the Public for enlarging the Term and Power of An Act made in vice, unless the said Contraft shall be made at a pi the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Bidding, was read a Second Time.

King George the Second, intituled, u An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from a Place called " Ijittlegate, at the Top of Leadenham Hill, in the County of Lincoln, to the West End ot' Barnby Gate, c iu Newark upon Trent, and from the Guide Post at the Division of Kelham and Mujkham Lanes, to Mans- upon the said Bill " Feld, and from Southwell to Oxton, in the County of " Nottingham and for repairing the Road from the West Side of Newark Bridge to the said Guide Post; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing further Time to negotiate by Indorsement the Bonds ifilled in pursuance of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His *7

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to aComnv of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow M resolve itself into a Committee of the whole lie

me:.

The Earl of Lisburne, according to Order, repo from the Committee of the whole House, to whonr Bill for the Relief of Naval Officers, Seamen, Mar and Soldiers, with respectto Prize and Bounty M< not claimed indue Time, was committed; the Am ments which the Committee had made to the Bill which they had directed him to report to the He

22 Geo. III. 130 — J40 Martii.

and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quetlion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Ilonfe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

applying Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the rinertand Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for eamen. the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read; supply, Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-f Mean*, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

gulating Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of i Manne the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Regulation s* of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, was committed, be received Tomorrow 'Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

yovis, 140 die Martii;

Anno 22* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1782. Prayers.

eaveof f\RDERE D, That Mr. Baring have Leave to go

Vbfence. G/ jnt0 the Country for Six Weeks, on his private Affairs.

to enable Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, ac-i Majesty cording to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to con-ce^vith c'u^e a Peace or Truce with the revolted Colonies in ae^ica. North America: And the same was received; and read

the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

rived considernble Advantages from an Invention discovered in the Year 1754, of printing with Metal l^ates5 and that some Time ago the East India Company acquiesced in a Scheme then in Agitation, though, by the Interposition of the Per Tons concerned in the Printing Trade, suspended for the present, for exporting to IndiaMetal Plates and Machines for working the m.

Blocks, and other Utensils uferl in the Business of Printing, and for fending out Artificers to their Settlements, where, as the Petitioners are informed, a new Manufactory of Printing hath been erected, and is now carrying on under the Superintendance of Artists from this Country; by Means of which Manufactory, the Importation of printed Callicoes for the Company's Account, hath been increased to a very alarming Degree, and the Goods they have lately imported being framed on the Improvements in the Printing Trade made in this Country, are, as the Petitioners apprehend, not on any Account to be considered as within the Meaning of the Act of Parliament of the Eleventh and Twelfth of William the Third, under Colour of which they are now imported; for at the Time of passing that ACI, the Species of Goods which hath lately been imported to the Detriment of the Printing Trade in these Kingdoms, was not known in th eEqfi Indies, but only fuel) Goods as were the original Invention and Manufacture of the Natives of the Country from whence the same were exported and brought here by the East India Company; and that the several Laws made from Time to Time, for preventing the Emigration of Artists and Workmen, and the Exportation of Utensils employed in different Branches of the Trade and Manufactures of these Kingdoms, do not extend to prevent the like Evils happening to the Trade and Business of Printing; and that the Increase in the Importation of printed Callicoes from the East Indies for Exportation, hath already most materially injured the Export Trade of printed Callicoes, Cottons, Muslins, and Linens, from these Kingdoms, and, in Process of Tiape, the Whole of that Trade must be irretrievably loft, to the manifest Injury and Detriment of Individuals and the Public, and the grievous Distressof many Thousand Artificers and poor Persons now employed in that Business; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that by Means of the late Alterations made in the Manufactory of printed Goods in India, in Imitation of the Briti/modern Improvements, the Practice of smuggling EajIndia printed Goods into this Cdnntry will be greatly increased, and the Revenue of the Kingdom much hurt, as it is become extremely difficult, if not impossible, to distinguisti the Gobds printed in India from Goods printed in Great Britain: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and relieve them from their present Dilirefs and Apprehension of a total DestruClion of their Trade, by laying such Duties on the Importation of pointed Goods from the East Indies, not to be drawn buck on Exportation, as may put themanufactured Goods on an equal Footing with them at the foreign Market; and by making fuel) Regulations as may be necessary for preventing the Emigration of Artificers, and Exportation of Machines, Plates, and Utensils, employed and used in the Printing Trade, or by such other Means as to the House, on considering the Circumstances of the Petitioners Cafe, shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

tton Ma- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are ulacftuie. thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Importers of Cotton, and Printers of Callicoes, Cottons, Mullins, and Linens, of t!he City of London and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House; and read; Setting forth, That the Manufacture and Business of making and printing Callicoes, Cottons, Muslins, and Linens, is become one of the most valuable Branches of the Trade of these Kingdoms, and has de-Vol. 38.

Mr. Hunter Blair presented to the House, according Edinbugh to Order, a Bill for preventing the Slaughtering of CUy lm-Castle, and for removing Nuisances, within the City and Proven,e"*' Liberties of Edinburgh; and for impowering the Lord Provost and the Magistrates to alter the Mode of giving Salines on Burgages, and for granting other Powers for the better Government of the said City: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered,

Expiring Laws $ Sail Cloth, dec.

American

Prisoners.

Tamworth

Roads.

Cricklade

Elc&ion.

894

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Law?" therein mentioned, relating to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloih in Great Britain; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and first composed, written, and printed in Great Britain; to securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty; to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British Corn and Grain in Neutral Ships; to the allowing the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, to certain Places in North America, which are or may be under the Protec-

tion of His Majesty's Arms, and from such Places to Great Britain and other Parts of His Majesty's Dominions; to the impowering His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and restraiu the carrying Coastwise, of Copper in Bars, or Copper in Sheets; and to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better detaining and more easy Exchange of American Prisoners brought into Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fox took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Mr. Fox reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they bad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Robert Lawley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several Roads " leading to and through the Borough of Tamxoorth, " and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties " of Stafford, Warwick, and Derby," visa re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Lord Midleton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the

Bill for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the

1781.

Borough of Cricklade, in the County of was

committed; the Amendmentswhich the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, Cafe; being read; thetfe

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That this House be called over upon this Day Six Months;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " this Day Six " Months," and inserting the Words, " e-

" vennight, the seth Day of this Instant March," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words " this " Day Six Months," Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,^^' ^Penruddock: } >2‘

Tellers for the 72.

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " TuesdaySevennight, the a 6th Day of this Instant March,"

be iqferted instead thereof;

It was resolved in tfye Affirmative.

Then the main Question so amended being put;

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Tuef-day Sevennighf, the zftth Day of this Instant March.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day> for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tr, btrM-upon the Bill for restraining any Person, being a Member of the House of Commons, from being concerned traca. himself, or any Person in Trqft for him, in any Contraft made by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, the Commissioners of the Navy, the Board of Ordnance, or by any other Person or Persons for the Public Service, unless the said Contraft shall be made at a public Bidding, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Rwfci-j a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to pro- cf hibit the Ransoming of Ships or Vessels captured from CaP,m His Majesty's Subjects, and of the Merchandize or Goods on board such Ships or Vessels.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Joseph Mawbey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon this Day Sevennight.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ma resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ‘‘M upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Llu,t^ Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two.

Resolved,

140 Martii.

22 Geo. III. 14® — 156 Mar lit. 895

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Graves have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Sir Herbert Mackioorth have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, on his private Affairs.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Rill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

F1 eneris, 150 die Martii;

Anno 220 Georgii III'1' Regis, 1782. Prayers.

/\R D E R E D, That Mr. Hungerford have Leave to go into the Country for Five Weeks, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Strutt have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, on his private Affairs.

Mr. Chaytor reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Haleworthy, in the Parish of Davidstow, in the County of Cornwall, to the

East End of Wadebridge, in the said County, and from the West End of Wadebridge aforesaid, into and through the Borough of Mitchell, in the said County, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto fubl'cribed, being Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act " for repairing and widening the Roads from Haleworthy, in the Parish of in the County of

" Cornwall, to the East End of Wadebridge, in the said " County, and from the West End of Waaebridge aforesaid, into and through the Borough of Mitchell, in the " said County," so far as concerns the Western Division of the said Roads from the East End of Wadebridge, in and through the Borough of Mitchell aforesaid, and also the several other Persons whose Names are also thereunto subscribed, being the only Creditors for Money remaining unpaid and advanced upon the Credit of the Tolls arising within the said Western Division, was referred; That no Person appeared in Support of the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vol. 3S.

Ordered, That Mr. Sibthorpe be added to the Com- Committed mittee who are appointed to examine into the Conduct °£.vi?uall,n® of the Commissioners for Victualling His Majesty's 1 aV)r' Navy, so far as relates to supplying the Navy with Corn, Biscuit, Malt, Butter, Cheese, Wine, Beer, and other Liquors, and with Calks.

A Petition of William Brad/haw of Halton Loyne

Hall, in the County Palatine of L.ancaster, Esquire, and B|"dne<f^^ar William Mason, of Lancaster, in the said County, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for building a new Bridge instead of the present ancient Bridge, commonly called Lancaster Bridge, at a more convenient Place, over the River Loyne, near the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and setting forth. That the Petitioners are possessed of Property in and near the said River; which will be materially injured if the said Bill palfes into a Law as it now (lands: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves. Agents, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as will affect the Property and Estates of the Petitioners, or that they may have such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inilruftion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for better securing the Duties payable by vir- Coj, tue of an Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen imported Anne, on the Importation of Coals, Culm, and Cinders, into Gr«t into the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Yarmooth* Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Charles Townshend, &c. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Thijllethwayte presented to the House, according Weyhill, to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an tcc. Road. Act, passed tn the Second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Weyhill, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Lyde Way, in the County of Wilts:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Expiring Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Laws, continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and first composed, written, and printed in Britain; to securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty; to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British Corn and Grain in Neutral Ships; to the allowing the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, to certain Places in North America, which are or may be under the Protection of His Majesty's Arms, and from such Places to Great Britain, and other Parts of His Majesty's Dominions; to the impowering His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and restrain the carrying Coastwise of Copper in Bars or Copper in Sheets; and to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to

10 T His

896 t$° Martii. A. \r) % /i.

His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Exportation Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

of Hops, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of encouraging the Exportation of Hops of British Growth to and for Ireland, by Way of Merchandize.

Adjournment. Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Sale of East Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Or-India Prize der, a Bill to extend so much of Two Acts of the Twen-Goods. and yvventy.fjrft Years of His present Majesty's

Reign, as relate to the Sale of, and ascertaining the Duties upon, East India Goods, to Tea and all oilier Goods of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of China, or any Country within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, which have been or shall, during the present Eloftilities, be brought into this Kingdom, and condemned as Prize; and for equalizing the Duties upon, and regulating the Importation of, Foreign Snuff into this Kingdom: And the same was received.

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

American Mr. Fox, according to Order, reported from the Com-Piifoners. niittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better detaining and more eafv Exchange of American Prisoners brought into Great Britain, was committed;

the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Brecon to Sir George Cornewall presented to the House, accord-Brobury ing to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of

Roads‘ an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of

King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Brecon to the Parish of Brobary, and to Whitney Pa/fage, in the County of Hereford, and for building a Bridge over the River Wye at Bredwardinc Passage, in the same County, so far as relates to such of the Roads comprized in the said Act as lie in the County of Hereford: Aud the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

War in the The Lord Advocate of Scotland, from the Committee Carnatic, of Secrecy appointed to enquire into the Causes of the War that now subsists in the Carnatic, and of the present Condition of the British Possessions in those Parts,

and to report the same to the House, with their Observations thereupon; and who were instructed to enquire into the Rife, Progress, Conduct, and present State of the Maratta War, and all other Hostilities in which the Presidency of Bengal now are or have been engaged in the Support of that War, and of the Effects which the said War and Hostilities may have produced in Bengal, and the other Settlements and Possessions of the East India Company, delivered in to the House an Appendix to the Fifth Report, which was made from the said Committee on Friday the ift Day of this Iuflant March.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Appendix be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Appendix ispreserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Naval Officers, Unchimtf Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, with respect to Prize PrizeMouey. and Bounty Money not claimed in due Time, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of Naval Officers, Seamen,

Marines, and Soldiers, with respect to Prize and Bounty Money not claimed in due Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Supply of Mariners Supplying and Seamen to servein Mis Majesty's Ships of War, and Manners and on board Merchants Ships and other Trading Ships eau‘cn' and Vessels, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act fertile better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on, board Merchants Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Tamwoitk of an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, Roadi* intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several " Roads leading to and through the Borough of Tamzcorth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the " Counties of Stafford, Warwick, and Derby," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several " Roads leading to and through the Borough of Tamworth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, and Derby."

Ordered, That Mr. Courtenay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motion That this House (taking into Consideration the great Sums voted, and Debts incurred, for the Service of the Army, Navy, and Ordnance, in this unfortunate War, to the Amount of upwards of One hundred Millions; and finding that the Nation has, notwithstanding these extraordinary Exertions, loft Thirteen ancient Colonies belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, the new-acquired Province of West Florida, and the Islands of Dominica, Saint Vincent, Grenada, Tobago, and Minorca, besides several valuable Commercial Fleets, of the utmost Importance to the Wealth of this Country; and that we are (till involved in War with Three powerful Nations in Europe, without One jingle Ally) can have no further Confidence in the Ministers who have the Direction of Public Affairs;

The

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Regelating the Marine Forces.

Leave of Ableace.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Arkwright's

Cotton

Machine.

22 Geo. III.

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

15° — 18°

Hi

Tellers for, he Yeas, { }«7-

Tellers for the Noes,) jf"£billfin. ] 236:

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itfelfintoa Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 18° die Martii}

Anno 22° Georgii III1" Regis, 1782

Prayers.

0RDERED, That Mr. Chdylor have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Roe Yeo have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Egerton have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. George Pitt have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, for the Recovery of his Health.

A Petition of the Cotton and Callicoe ManufactureVs of the Town and Neighbourhood of Chorley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting iorth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Richard Arkwright, of Crom-ford, in the County of Derby, Cotton Manufacturer, hath presented a Petition to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill to give him the exclusive Use, for a Term to be therein mentioned, of certain Machines for the preparing and spinning of Cotton Wool into Yarn; and that the Petitioners submit to the House, that all Grants of exclusive Privileges aftefting great and extensive Manufactures, are extremely prejudicial, and ought not to be countenanced or encouragedin a Commercial Country; and that the Cotton Manufacture is carried on in the County of Lancaster, and the adjacent Counties, to a very great Extent, whereby many Thousands of industrious poor People are usefully employed; and that the fair! Richard Arkwright hath not, by his Petition, let forth such Grounds as ought to entitle him to the extraordinary Aid and Abidance of Parliament to prolong the Duration of the Patent mentioned in his Petition to be first granted to him, which is near expiring, or of giving Efficacy to the Patent mentioned in the Petition to be lait granted to him, which upon a solemn Trial at Law has been determined to be void; and that the p fling a Law for the Purpose desired by the said Richard Arkwright, will be very injurious to the Peti-

Vol. 38.

tioners and others concerned in the said Cotton Manufacture: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Petition and Bill, in case Leave should be given to bringa Bill into the House according to the Prayer of the said Petition, and that same may no* pass into a Law.

Ordered That the said Petition do lie Upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom toe Petition of Richard Arkwright, of Cromford, in the County of Derby, Cotton Manufacturer, is referred.

Mr. Hugh Scott reported from the Committee, to Dalkeith whom the Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of Two Pennies &n Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of Scots, his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, '

" An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or " One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots " Pint of Ale, Porter, or Beer; brewed for Sale, or u vended within the down and Parish of Dalkeith w as committed; That the Committee had examined-the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto: which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed;

Mr. Morgan reported from the Committee, to whom Brecon the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the through, Town of Brecony through the Town of Hay, in the Ha>' Roa<h County of Brecon, and also the Road from, or nearly from; Broynlly's Turnpike to the Village of Llyfwen, in the County of Brecony was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Onee read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for the preventing of Bribery and Cricklacfe Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade7 in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Crickladey in the County of WiltSi

Ordered, That Sir Ilarbord Harbord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Edinburgh

City

In>proYcniebb

A Bill for preventing the Slaughtering of Cattle, and for removing Nuiftinces, within the City and Liberties of Edinburgh; and for impowering the Lord Frovoft and the Magistrates to alter the Mode of giving Sa-fmes on Burgages, and for granting other Powers for the better Government of the said City, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hunter Blair, the Marquis of Grahaviy &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to extend so much of Tiyo Acts of the Tvten- Sale of tieth and Twenty-first Years of His present Majesty's East India

Reign,

Expiring

Laws,

Supply Bill; Duties on Tobacco.

18* Martii. 1782.

Reign, as relate to the Sale of, and ascertaining the Duties upon, East India Goods, to Tea and all other Goods of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of China, or any Country within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, which have been or dial I, during the present Hostilities, be brought into this Kingdom, and condemned as Prize; and for equalizing the Duties upon, and regulating the Importation of, Foreign 3nuff into this Kingdom, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and first composed, written, and printed in Great Britain; to securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty; to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British Corn and Grain in Neutral Ships; to the allowing the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes to certain Places in North America, which are or may be under the Protection of His Majesty's Arms, and from such Places to Great Britain, and other Parts of His Majesty's Dominions; to the impowering His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and restraih the carrying Coastwise of Copper in Bars or Copper in Sheets; and to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that theTitle be, An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and first composed, written, and printed in Great Britain; to securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty; to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British Corn and Grain in Neutral Ships; to the allowing the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, to certain Places in North America, which are or may be under the Protection of His Majesty's Arms, and from such Places to Great Britain, and other Parts of His Majesty's Dominions; to the impowering His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and restrain the carrying Coastwise of Copper in Bars or Copper in Sheets; and to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord North presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting an additional Duty upon Tobacco, and for repealing certain Duties payable upon the Importation of Brandy and Arrack; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof: And the same received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The I-ord North presented to the House, according M

Order, a Bill for granting a Duty of Tonnage upon SuppL-c. all Ships or Vessels carrying Goods Coastwise from any Port in Great Britain to any other Place within the same: And the same was received; and read the Firii Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Norton reported from the Committee, to whom Cw-sr, the Bill to repair, enlarge, and rebuild leather-

head, and Godalming Bridges, in the County of Surrey, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Freeholders, Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants of the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey; and also the Petition of the High Sheriff of the County of Surrey, and of the Freeholders, Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants of the Eastern Half of the Hundred of Brixton, in the said County; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the Hundred of Wallinglon, in the County of Surrey, and

also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the Hundred oi'Tin the County of Surrey; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the Parishes of Egham, Chobham, Bijley, and I lamlct of Frimley, in the

Hundreds of Woking and Godley, in the Western Parts of the County of Surrey, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had heard the Petitioners by their Counsel; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question federally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Um to fefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, fcyrt upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and .0* % Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill to enable His Majesty to conclude a Peace or Bill tami Truce with the revolted Colonies in North America, HisMio was, according to Order, read a Second Time. '°

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Awnu.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to f , resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to 0! % consider of encouraging the Exportation of Hops of British Growth to and for Ireland, by Way of Merchandize;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfelfinto the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The

22 Geo. III.

18° — rp°

899

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to an e*us. re{*0jve j^fejf jnt0 a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

j ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon

Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Shepton Uallu Jn« closure.

Notice being taken that His Majesty's Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Part of the Forest of , and a Piece of

Waste Land, called W Ilill, situate within the Parish of Shcpton Mallet, in the County of Somerset; which Bill was, upon the nth Day of this Instant March, read a Second Time, and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Regulating Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the 'fa«ra"nc Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questton severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Foret*.

Martis, 190 die Martii;

Anno 22* Georgii IIIta Regis, 1782.

Praters.

Cobham,

,&c. A N ingrossed Bill to repair, enlarge, and rebuild Bridge*. ± \ Cobham, Leatherhead, and Godalming Bridges, in the County of -Surrey, was read the Third Time.

Re/ohed, That the Bill do pass -. And that the Title be, An Act to repair, enlarge, and rebuild Cobham., leatherhead, and Godalming Bridges, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That the Lord Midle/on do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Dalkeith An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term and "Scots.P°wers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on " every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, or Beer, brewed for Sale, or vended, within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith'' was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or " One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots " Pint of Ale, Porter, or Beer, brewed for Sale, or " vended, within the Town and Parish

Vol. 38.

Ordered, That Mr. Hugh Scott do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Weyhill, paGed in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for &c- R°ad. repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Weyhill, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Lyde Way, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jervoise,

Mr. Thijllethioayte, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker'*

Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ho\ford and Mr.

Anguish: \

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Land* pur-for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain ^a^nf°tr(,e Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Dockyard*, the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, purchased in pursuance of Two Acts of Parliament, One made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores at Plymouth and Sheerness, and for better defending the Passage of the River Thames at Grave/end and Tilbury Fort, and the other in the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for explaining and aineuding so much of the said Act as relates to the Security of His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores at Plymouth', and lo certain Proprietors and Occupiers of Land at or near Plymouth, who have sustained any Loss or Damage in consequence of the said Acts; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Stone, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the First Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Stone to Wordjley Great Gate, and from the West End of Bilfion Street, in Wolverhampton, to The High Street, opposite The Old Bush, in Dudley, and from a Place called Burnt Tree, near Dudley, to Birmingham, and from the Market Cross in Wolverhampton ' to Cannock, in the Counties of Stafford, Worcester, and Warwick; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bawtiy, &c, for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made Road, in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending and widening the Road from to Shes-

" field, and from Sheffield to the South Side of " in the County of York, where it joins the Turnpike " Road leading from Rotherham to Manchester," so far as the same relates to the Road leading from Bawtry aforesaid to Tinjley, and through Part of the Town of Tinjley, to the Place where the same joins the Road leading from Rotherham to Sheffieldwithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Tfchiffeli'* for naturalizing Frederick Tfchiffeli; without any Nat. Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act T?* for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act for granting " an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised " in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one," and for appointing other Commissioners together with those named in the First-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

10 U An

Regulating the Marine Forces.

Bilston

Canal.

St. Cuthbert Inclosure.

Accounts from the Mercer's Company.

American

Trisoners.

oooo 190 MartA. 1782.

An ingrossed Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill: viz.

Fr. 44. I. 7. To leave out from (< Shore* to " were* in 1. 8.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Robert Lazvley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from certain Coal Mines in the Liberty of Bilston and Parishes of Wolverhampton, Scdglcy, Tipton, WedneJbunj, and Westbromwich, in the County of Slaffbi'd, to or near Birmingham, and from thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Drayton Bajfett, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Out Parish of Saint Cuthbert., in Wells, in the County of Somerset, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Three Weeks, the 15th Day of April next.

The House being informed that Mr. Cawne, Clerk of the Company of Mercers of the City of London, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " The Accounts of the Wardens " and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the " City of London, from the 10th of October 1780 to " the 1 oth of October 1781, directed to belaid before " each House of Parliament, by Two Acts, One of the <( Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty " King George the Second, intituled,<c An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Com-<c monalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of <e London " 3md the other of the Fourth Year of the u Reign of Hispresent Majesty King George the Third, €t intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the Bond and " other Creditors of the Wardens and Commonalty of 4‘ the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London'*

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered That the said Paper do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for the better detaining and more easy Exchange of American Prisoners brought into Great Britain, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better detaining and more easy Exchange of American Prisoners brought into Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Burke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants and Owners of Estates 20

within the Parish of Saint John the Evangelist, West Sr.J.»hn\ tnbfter, was presented to the House, and read; Setting iV; forth. That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that ' pa^er a Bill is depending, for repairing the Pavement, and lighting and regulating the Streets and other Places, in the said Parish of Saint John the Evangelist, and certain Streets and Places in the Parish of Saint Margaret, intermixed therewith or contiguous thereto; and that the making ofa Communication between Orchard Street and the Opening from Longditch to Smith Street, begun to be made by the Dean and Chapter of West manlier, would be very beneficial to the Owners of Estates and Inhabitants thereabouts, and of public Utility; and that the End of Wood Street next to Tufton Street is extremely narrow, and the W^ft End of Little Peter Street is much streightened by Sheds, Shops, and other Erections (landing between the Houses and the Street, and also by certain Courts before some of the Houses there: And therefore praying, That Provision may he made in the said Bill now depending, for making the said Opening from Orchard Street, and for widening the said Streets called Wood Street and Little Peter Street, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fox, Mr. Byng, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mn Byng presented to the House, according to Order, Stepney and a Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more ?ackoc> effectual, an Act, paflbcl in the Twenty first; Year of ° His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for diminishing the Fees payable, and altering the Mode of Proceeding, in the Court of Record within the Manors " of Stepney and Hackney, in the County of Middle

" sex, and the Hamlets and Liberties of the same and for ascertaining the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the said Court: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Brecon t« passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of King Brobury George the Second, for repairing tho Roads from the Town of Brecon to the Parish of Brobury, and to Whitney PqO'age, in the County of Hereford, and for building a Bridge over the River Wye at Bredwardine Passage, in the same County, so far as relates to such of the Roads comprized in the said Act ns lie in the County of Hereford, was read a Second Time. 9

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Cornewall, Mr. Morgan, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Brofriey the Eleventh Day of this Instant March, " That Leave Small Debts. " be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and " speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Franchise " of Much Wenlock, and Parish of Daw Icy, in the <c County of Salop," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order bedischarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of BroJ'eley, Benthall, Madeley, Barrow, Linleij, Willey, Little Wenlock, and Daze ley, in the County of Salop: And that Mr. Hopkins, Mr.

Forefler, and Mr. Whitmore, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

.The

22 Geo. III.

gham The Order of the Day being read, for the Second ation. Heading of the Bill to enable the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation to make and maintain an Extension of Canal, from the Parish of Wef.brom-tcich to Broadzvater Fire Engine, and to make Six Collateral Cuts from the same, to lead to several Coal Wines;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Six Months.

ton Ordered, That the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from certain Coal Mines in the Liberty of Bilston and Parities of Sedgley.Tipton, Wednesbury, and in the County of Stafford, to or near and from

thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal at or near Faxelerj, in the Parish of Drayton Buffet, in the said County, be read a Second Time upon this Day Six Months.

haje An ingrossed Bill for granting an additional Bounty

iery. on Shipsemployed in the Greenland and Whale Fishery, for a Time to be limited, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Claul'e was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to permit Mailers of Ships to complete their Complement of Men in Shetland.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks, which being filled up, the said Clause was lead the Third Time; and, upon the Qucttion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting an additional Bounty on Ships employed in the Greenland and Whale Fishery, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Sir MaWhite Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Teot Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House OootU *° re^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House* upon the Bill to extend lb much of Two Acts of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as relate to the Sale of, and ascertaining the Duties upon, East India Goods, to Tea and all other Goods of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of China, or any Country within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, which have been, or shall, during the present Hostilities, be brought into this Kingdom, and condemned as Prize; and for equalizing the Duties upon, and regulating the Importation of Foreign Snutf into this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to prevent the Importation and Running of Foreign Spirituous Liquors, Tea, and other prohibited Goods, into this Kingdom, in Vessels fitted out and armed as Privateers.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haddirested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

portation Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House fHopi. to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of encouraging the Exportation of Hops of British Growth to and for Ireland, by Way of Merchandize, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Vol. 38,

901

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee, That lie was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for encouraging the Exportation of Hops of Growth

to and for Ireland, by Way of Merchandize.

And Mr. Ord moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for encouraging the Exportation of Hops of Growth

to and for Ireland, by Way of Merchandize: And that Mr. Ord and Sir Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dimishing the Fees payable, and altering Southwark the Mode of Proceeding, in the Court of Record of Court of the Town and Borough of Southwark, with respect to ^ecord* Debts and Damages under a certain Value; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the said Court, as to the Recovery of such Debts and Damages, to the several Parishes and Places within the Eastern Half of the Hundred of Brixton, in the County of Surrey, was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Admiral Keppel, bc.: And they are to meet this After-ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Bill for granting an additional Duty upon To- Supply Bill; bacco; and for repealing certain Duties payable upon Duties on the Impoi tation of Brandy and Arrack, and for granting 0 "CCu‘ other Duties in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee; of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Rollereported from the Committee, to whom, shepton

the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Part of the Mallet, &c. Forest of Mendip, and a Piece of Waste Land called Inclosure. Windsor's Hill, situate within the Parish of Shepton Mallet, in the County of Somerset, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with;, and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be > ingrossed.

A Petition of the Incorporation of Freemen Fleshers Edinburgh of the City of Edinburgh, was presented to the House, City lm-and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for preventing the provement. slaughtering of Cattle, and for removing Nuisances within the City and Liberties of Edinburgh, and for impowering the Lord Provost and Magistrates to alter the Mode of giving Salines on Burgages, and for granting other Powers for the better Government of the said

19° Mar Hi*

pos 19® — M . 1782.

said City; and setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend their Rights will he greatly affected by certain Parts of the said Bill, if the same shall pais into a Law; and that no public Benefit can be produced thereby, sufficient to compensate for the Injury which will aril'e therefrom to the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be permitted to be heard, by Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect the Petitioners, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Member* not The Order of the Day being read, for the House to be con- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, cerned in upon the Bill for restraining any Person, being a Mem-cmain Con- ber Gf the House of Commons, from being concerned himself, or any Person in Trust for him, in any Contract made by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, the Commissioners of the Navy, the Board of Ordnance, or by any other Person or Persons for the Public Service, unless the said Contract shall be made at a public Bidding;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to extend the Provisions of the said Bill to prevent all such Persons from fitting or voting in Parliament, although such Contract may have been made at a public Bidding.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Yonge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Yonge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir George Yonge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Wdbninster Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney have Leave to make a Paving, Motion, it being after Six of the Clock.

Ixpendiiure. And he moved the House accordingly;

Ordered, That the several Books and Accounts which have been presented to this House from the Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes within the City of Westminster, in this or any former Session of Parliament, be referred to the Committee who are appointe to enquire into the Expenditure of the Money which has been raised under several Acts of Parliament, for paving and lighting the Streets within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and into the Manner in which the several

Powers given by the said several Acts have been exercised.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 20° d Martii;

Anno 22* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to continue and enlarge the Term Hal^crv and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third &f. ' Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George (lie R&i. Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Haleworthy, in the Parish of Davidjtoro, in the County of Cornwall, to the East End of in the said

County, and from the West End of Wadcbridge, aforesaid, into and through the Borough of Mitchell, in the said County, was read the Third 'Lime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from in the Parish of Davidfiow, in the County of Cornwall, to the East End of IVadebridge, in the said County, and from the West End of IVadebridge aforesaid, into and through the Borough of Mitchell, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Rofeivarne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Part of the Forest of Mendip, and a Piece of Waste Malta, I Land called Windsor's Hill, situate within the Parish of Iadu

SheptonMallet, in the County of was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Part of the Forest of Mendip, and a Piece of Waste Laud called Windsor's Hill, situate within the Parish of Sltcp-ton Mallet, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Italic do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Brecon, through the Town of thn>'0 Hay, in the County of Brecon, and also the Road from, K« or nearly from, Broynlly's Turnpike to the Village of Llyfwen, in the County of Brecon, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 21.1. 40. To leave out " from, or nearly from, I " Broynlly's Turnpike to," and insert " through to the

" Bitilth and Hay Turnpike Road " near," instead thereof.

Pr. 22. 1. 3. After " the" to insert " fame," and to " leave out " of Brecon."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And That the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town oiBrecon, through the Town of in the County of Brecon, and also the Road through Lane, to the Builth and Hay Turnpike Road near the Village of Llyfwen, in the same County.

Ordered, That Mr. Morgan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr.

Weymouth, 5cc. Roads.

Tenbury

Roads.

11 Geo. III. 10°. Martii.

903

Mr. Ewer reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trnfiees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repairing and widening several Roads leading to and " through the Towns of Weymouth and Melcombe licgis, " and Dorchester, in the County of Dorset f whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April, 1774., relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to re* port the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

William Temple man, Esquire, being examined, said That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed aconsiderable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted, which has been duly applied; but that the said Roads cannot be kept in sufficient Repair, nor the Money owing be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act is further continued, and the Powers thereof rendered more effectual.

Then an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Parish of Warmwell, through the Parishes of Pox well and Ofmington, to the Church in the said Pari 111 of Ofmington, among other Roads in the said Act mentioned, was read: And,

Mr. Templeman being further examined, said, That he knows the Road last above-mentioned, and that he apprehends if the same was put under the Care and Management of the Trustees of the First-mentioned Act, the said Road would be more conveniently and effectually repaired and amended; and that the Trustees appointed to put the said last mentioned Act iu Execution, are willing and desirous to be discharged from the Repair thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Towns of Weymouth and Melcoinbe Regis, and Dorchester, in the County of Dorset; and for repairing the Road leading from the Parish of Warmwell, through the Parishes of Poxwell and Ofmington, to the Church in the said Parish of Ofmington, in the said County of Dorset: And that Mr. Ewer and Mr. Steioard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for reviving and continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Thirtieth Year of His late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several " Roads in and near to the Town of Tenbiny, in the " Counties of Salop, Worcester, and Hertford" and for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the Knvwle Gate to the Turnpike Road on the Clee Hill, leading from Ludlow to Cleobury Mortimer, and from Kyre Mill to the Turnpike Road leading from Bromyard to Tenbury, in the said Counties, was committed °9 That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Flace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One j Vojl. 38.

and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingross'ed.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, who were Expiring appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near L*w». expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had made a further Enquiry, and had come to One other Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to discontinue,

" for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease," which was to be in Force for Three Years, from the 25th Day of March 1767, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several fub-sequent Acts of the Tenth, Thirteenth, Sixteenth, and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 25th Day of March 1782, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term and altering the Powers of an Act of the First Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Dartford to Northfeet, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent; and for allowing an Annual Payment out of the Tolls arising upon the said Roads to the Trustees for the Care of the Road leading from Rochester to Maidstone, in the said County, to be applied for the Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Dartford,&c, Road*

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Sale of East Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to India Priz« extend so much of Two Acts of the Twentieth and Goods* Twenty-first Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as relate to the Sale of, and ascertaining the Duties upon,

East India Goods, to Tea and all other Goods of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of China, or any Country within the Limits of the East India Company'sCharter, which have been, or shall, during the present Hostilities, be brought into this Kingdom, and condemned as Prize; and for equalizing the Duties upon, and regulating the Importation of, Foreign Snuff into this Kingdom, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingvoffed.

Mr. Fox reported from the Committee, to whom St. John, Ate. the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Wdtminrter, thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants and Owners of Ef- Pav,0£

10 X tates

904 20b — 25°

tates within the Parrfh of Saint John the Evangetift, Westminster, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared, to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his' Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Cleric's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vix.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. George Byfield being examined, said, that the making a Passage or Communication from Orchard Street towards Smith Street, will be of great public Convenience, and may be done by taking down One final! House only, inhabited by a Chimney Sweeper; that the End of Wood Street next Tufton and the West End

of Little Peter Street, are very narrow and incom-modious; that the said Streets are great Thoroughfares for Carts and other Carriages, and it is therefore necessary to take down some small Houses which stand out of the tLine in Wood and some Sheds, Shops,

Fences, and other small Erections, Handing before the Houses at the West End of Peter to render the

Passage through the said Streets safe for Carriages and Passengers.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and repairing the Pavement in, and for lighting such of, the foveral Streets, Lanes* Ways, and other Places in the United Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evange-lift, in Westminster, as are at present excluded from the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend " and render more effectual, several Acts made relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, apd other places, within the City and "Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent;" and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in or near the fame, is committed. That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for making a Passage from Orchard Street towards Smith Street, and for widening Part of Wood Street and Little Peter Street, in the said Parish of Saint John the Evangelifi.

Supply Bill, Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to Duty on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tobacco, fee. upon the Bill for granting an additional Duty upon Tobacco; and for repealing certain Duties payable upon the Importation of Brandy and Arrack, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Motion* The Lord North having risen in his Place, in order withdrawn, to submit a Motion of Adjournment to the House;

and Mr. Speaker having called on the said Lord North;

And it being observed, that Notice had been given some Days before, that the Earl of Surrey intended to make a Motion this Day to the House;

And a Debate arising in the House, Whether the Lord North or the Earl of Surrey should first speak;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Earl of Surrey do first speak;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That the House do now adjourn.

And the said Motions were, with Leave of the House, severally withdrawn.

Mar tit. A. 178a.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supp!; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, ComcuaJ notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 2 50 die Martii;

Anno zz° Georgii III*" Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

0 R DERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- Elgh fa rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing ofa Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Elgin, in the room of the Right honourable William Gordon, commonly' called Lord William Gordon, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Vice Admiral of Scotland.

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom Tap#* the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Tar- porley, in the County Palatine of Chester, to A Son Bridge, near Weverham, in the same County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read thft Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr.

Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Regain* for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces ti]e Mjc* while on Shore; without any Amendment: Andalfo, FofCK'

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply 1 for the better Sap ply of Mariners and Seamen to serve jn His Majesty'sShips of War, and on board Merchant Saa^ Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Uodi>-. Act for the Relief of Naval Officers, Seamen, Marines, P e and Soldiers, with respect to Prize ajid Bounty Money not claimed in due Time; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Ameroj Act for the better detaining and more easy Exchange Pr;£o3sri of American Prisoners brought into Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relat- u 14 ing

>bham, &c* Bridges.

Dalkeith wo Pennies Scots.

Tarn worth, &c. Roads.

Wrexham to

Barnhill

Road.

Leave of Abfer.ee.

Chichester

Election.

22 Geo. Ill- 350 Martik 605

ing to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and first composed, written, and printed in Great Britain', to Securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty; to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British Corn and Grain in Neutral Ships; to the allowing the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, to certain Places in North America, which are or may be under the Protection of His Majesty's Arms, and from such Places to Great Britain, and other Parts of His Majesty's Dominions; to the impowering His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and restrain the carrying Coastwise, of Copper in Bars or Copper in Sheets; and to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles, to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies /in America; without any Amendment: And also, .

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repair, enlarge, and rebuild Leather-

head, and Godalming Bridges, in the County of Surrey; without any Amendment: And also, >

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,. " An Act " for lay ing a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth " Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale, " Porter, or Beer, brewed for Sale, or vended, within " the Town and Parish of Dalkeithwithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several Roads " leading to and through the Borough of Tamxvorth, " and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties " of Stafford, Warwick, and Derby-, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Barnhill, in the County of Chester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the Hoofe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: W here the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Basset have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, on his private Affairs.

A Petition of Brian Edwards, Esquire, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner, and the honourable Percy Charles Wyndham, were Candidates at the lait Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the City of -ckcster; and that the Petitioner had, at the said Election, a large Majority of legal Votes, and therefore ought to have been returned; but that the Mayor, who is the Returning Officer of the said City, by rejecting several legal Votes that were duly offered in Favour of Vol. 38.

the Petitioner, and by admitting several illegal Votes ini Favour of the said Percy Charles Wyndham, gave a Majority of Votes upon the Poll for the said Percy Charles Wyndham, and returned him inllead of the Petitioner; and that several Persons were restrained from giving their Votes in Favour of the Petitioner by Threats and other undue Influence; and that the Con-dust of the Returning Officer was throughout the Whole of the said Election partial and unjustifiable And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to' grant him such' Relief as to the House shall feerri meet.

Ordered, That, the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 23d Hay of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names ate Chichester thereunto subscribed, being Citizens of the City of Elediou. Chichester, resident within, and rated and contributing towards the Poor and other Parochial and Public Taxes, and Assessments of, the said City, and also Electors of Representatives in Parliament for the same City, oni Behalf of themselves and other Citizens of the said City Handing in the same Predicament, was also delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That Brian Edzvards, Esquire, and the honourable Percy Charles Wyndham, were Candidates at the last Election of ai Member to serve in this present Parliament for the said City of Chichester; and that the Petitioners, and a Majority of the legal EJeftors, who gave their N otes at the said Election, voted for the said Brian Edwards, who' therefore ought to have been returned; but that the -Mayor, who is the Returning Officer of the said City, - -by rejecting several legal Votes duly offered in Favour of the said Brian Edwards, and by admitting several illegal Votes, more particularly Persons styling them selves Freemen of the said City, in Favour of the said Percy Charles Wyndham, gave a Majority of Votes upon the Poll for the said Percy Charles Wyndham, and returned him instead of the said Brian Edwards; and tint therefore the Conduct of the said Mayor, and the Return of the said Percy Charles Wyndham, is a great Injustice. to the Petitioners, and a great V iolation of the'

Rights of the Electors of Representatives in Parliament for the said City: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as to the House shall leetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the xoth and 11th Years of His present Majesty's Reign to' regulate the Trials of controverted Elections,' or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel,-or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, nr Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as'

shall be thought necessary by the several Parties on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Mr. Charles Townshend reported from the Cothmittee, Coals im-to whom the Bill for better securing the Duties payable ported by virtue of an Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of yto Great. Queen Annf, on the Importation of Coils, Culm, and armout Cinders, into the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

Eye Writ*

Wapping Poor and Streets.

Newcastle and Sunderland Coal Trade.

906 25 MaA. 1782.

terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Eye, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of Arnoldus Jones Skelton, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty's Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

Mr. Bi/ng presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Aliddlcfet, and for providing a proper Work-

house and Burial Ground adjoining or near thereto t and for opening certain Communications, and making, widening, and paving certain Streets, within the said Parish and the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the l'irft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Owners and Mailers of Ships belonging to the Ports of Neioca Sunderland, Shields, Whitby, Scarborough, Lynn Regis, and Yarmouth, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Bebalfof themselves and many others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that, by an Order of the House, made early in this present Session of Parliament, the Time for presenting Petitions for Leave to bring in Bills, is limited to the Seventh Day of February last; and that the Petitioners did notdifeover the same till after the Time mentioned in the said Order had expired, and the Petitioners had prepared a Petition in order to be presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill to revive an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the loading of Ships with " Coals, in the Ports of Newcastle and ,"

and which expired at the End of the last Session of Parliament; and that the said Act was of great public Importance, not only to the Coal Trade of Newcastle and Sunderland, but to the great Nursery of Seamen arising therefrom: And therefore praying. That the House will so far dispense with their Order as to permit the Petitioners, at this Period of the Session, to present their Petition, for Leave to bring in a Bill to revive the said Act, with the like Powers, Regulations, and Provisions, as are contained therein.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition as desired by the said Owners and Mailers of Ships belonging to the Ports of Neio-cafile, Sunderland, Shields, Whitby, Scarborough, Lynn Regis, and Yarmouth.

Then a Petition of the Owners and Matters of Ships belonging to the Ports of Newcastle, Sunderland, Shields, Whitby, Scarborough, Lynn, xnd Yarmouth,w\\o{*i Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and many others, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Act mentioned in the last preceding Petition; and setting forth. That the said Act being now expired, and having had for its Objects not only the Increase of Seamen, who upon all Exigencies have been incorporated with the Royal Navy, but also the Advancement of the Property of the Petitioners, who are largely concerned in Ships chiefly employed in the Coal Trade at Nciocastle, Shields, and Sunderland, and the said Act having been found, by Experience, in othei Respects highly beneficial to the Coal Trade of the said Ports, by excluding all undue Preference in the Loading of Coals at such Ports, and by establishing a Rule which obliges Persons, employed as Fitters in the said Ports, to load all Ships as they are entered in their Turn, whereby the Public in general, and the Market in particular, are constantly and regularly supplied with Coals on easy Terms, to the great Advantage of the industrious Poor, and the Manufacturers of this Country; and that if the said Act was again revived, it would be attended with all the Advantages stated by the Petitioners, and which they have so happily expc-rienced during the Time the said Act was in Force, ami moreespeciallyas it has been found, sincetheExpirat ion thereof, that Coals have been greatly advanced in Price at London, and the different Ports, owing to the Want of such a Law: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration; and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for reviving the said Act, with the like Powers, Regulations, and Provisions as are contained therein; and that the same may be extended to the Term of Twenty-one Years, or to such other Term as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Convenery of the Trades of the City of Edinburgh, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for preventing the Slaughtering of Cattle, and for removing Nuisances within the City and Liberties of and for

impowering the Lord Provost and the Magistrates to alter the mode of giving Safines on Burgages, and fob granting other Powers for the belter Government of the said City; and setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend, that not only the Rights of the Incorporation of Freemen Fleshers within the said City, will be greatly affected by the said Bill, if the same shall pass into a Law in the Form in which it now Hands, but the same may, if passed into a Law, be made a Precedent for attacking the Rights of other Incorporations within the said City: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may npt pass into a Law in the Form in which it now Hands, and that the Petitioners may be permitted to be heard, by Counsel, against the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Taking Notice of the Bill for granting a Duty of Tonnage upon all Ships or Vessels carrying Goods Coastwise from any Port in Great Britain to any other Place within the same; and setting forth. That there are certain Clauses and Provisions contained in the said Bill, which the Petitioners apprehend will greatly affect the Trade, Manufactures, and Commerce of the City of London, and the Kingdom in general: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Clauses and Provisions, and that they may have such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Rofewarne have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, on his private Affairs.

Ordered,

Edinburgh

Citr

Improvcmoc

Supply till; Duty on Tonnage

Leave of Absener.

2a Geo. III. 25" Marta. 90J

v Bridge. Ordered, That aflf have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Stone Bridge cross tire River of Thames, from the Parish of in the County of MJddkfeto the opposite Shore in the Hamlet of Keio, in the County of Surrey, is committed;

.eare of Ordered, That Mr. Pochin have Leave to go into the tblence. Country for a Month, for the Recovery of his Health.

Ditto. Ordered, That Mr. S have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, on his private Affairs.

Ditto. Ordered, That Mr. Leiois have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, on his private Affairs.

'enbmy A11 ingrossed Bill for reviving and continuing the

Roads. Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the

Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near to the Town of Tenbury, in the Counties of Salop, Worcester, and Hereford-," and for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the Knoiole Gale to the Turnpike Road on the Clee Hill, leading from to

and from KyreMill to the Turnpike Road leading from Bromyard to Tenbury, in the said Counties, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for reviving and continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending,

" widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in " and near to the Town of the Counties of

" Salop, Worcester, and Hertford ;" and for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the Knowle Gate to the Turnpike Road on the Clee Hill, leading from Ludlow to Cleobury Mortimer and from Kyre Mill to the Turnpike Road leading from Bromyard to Tenbury, in the said Counties.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Leave of Ordered, That Sir Henry Hoghton have Leave to go ibfence. jnj0 the Country for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

ofeley, &c. Mr. Hopkins presented to the House, according to m11 Debt*. Order, a Bill for the moreeafv and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Madeley, Barrow, Linley, Willey, Little Wenlock, and Dawley, in the County of Salop: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

AhfV. of Ordered, ThatSir Francis Sykes have Leave to go into ence. the Country for Three Weeks, on his private Affairs.

Ditto. Ordered, That Mr. Kempe have Leave to go into the

Country for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

Ditto. Ordered, That Mr. Anthony Bacon have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

oy«l A flint A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman to Bill*. Lfher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty‘s Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was

VOL. 38.

read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills, and One Private Bill, therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council* the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord President of the Council* did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth;

An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act " for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax " to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one;" and for appointing other Commissioners together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain» for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two:

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore:

An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Cormcall and Devoid purchased in pursuance of Two Acts of Parliament* One made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securingHis Majesty'sDocks, Ships, and Stores at Plymouth and Sheerness, and for better defending the Passage of the River Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort-, and the other in the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for explaining and amending so much of the said Act as relates to the Security of His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores at Plymouth-, and to certain Proprietors and Occupiers of Land at or near Plymouth, who have sustained any Loss or Damage in consequence of the said Acts:

An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels:

An Act for the Relief of Naval Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, with respect to Prize and Bounty Money not claimed in due Time:

An Act for the better detaining and more easy Exchange of American Prisoners brought into Great Britain:

An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures,.and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and first composed, written, and printed in Great;

to securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty; to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British Corn and Grain in Neutral Ships; to the allowing the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, to certain Places in North America, which are or may be under the Protection of His Majesty's Arms, and from such Places to Great Britain, and other Parts of His Majesty's Dominions; to the impowering His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and restrain the carrying Coastwise, of Copper in Bars or Copper in Sheets; and to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America:

An Act to repair, enlarge, and rebuild Cobham, Leatherhead, and Godalming Bridges, in the County of Surrey:

10 Y Atl

908 25" — 2 7

An Act for allowing further Time to rtegociate by Indorsement the Bonds issued in pursuance of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for more effec- tually carrying into Execution certain Proposals,

" made by the Aloft Noble Henry Duke of Buccleugh,

the Most Noble Charles Duke of and

" Dover, and others, for redeeming the Annuities

" granted by the Company of the Bank of Ayr, in " that Part of Great Britain called , known

" under the Firm of Douglas, Heron, and Company An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " An i‘ Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One tt Sixth Part of a Penny Stirling, on every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, or Beer, brewed for Sale, or vended,

" Within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of to join the

Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal at or near ion, in the County of Stafford; and also Two Collateral Cuts therein mentioned:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from 41 a Place called Lit (legate, at the Top of Leadenham Hill, in the County of Lincoln, to the West End of Barnby Gate, in Newark upon Trent, and from the " Guide Post at the Division of Kelham and Mujkham " Lancs, to Mansfield, and from to Oxton, in

the County of Nottinghamand for repairing the Road from the West Side of Newark Bridge to the said Guide Post:

An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " amending and widening the Roads from the Turn- pike Road upon Gatherley Moor, in the County of York, to Staindrop, in the County of Durham, and

*" from the said Turnpike Road near Smallways, across

" the River Tees, to Winston, in the said County of " Durham; and for building a Bridge over the said River at or near Winston Ford

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Market House in Stourbridge to Colly Gate in Cradley, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, so far as the same relates to the Roads leading from the Market House in Stourbridge to Colly Gate, and from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and from Colly Gate to Halesowen -, and for opening a more commodious Communication with the Birmingham Turnpike Road: An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the First Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Stone to Wordjley Green Gate, and from the West End of Bilston Street in Wolverhampton, to The High Street, opposite The Old Bush, in Dudley, and from a Place called Burnt Tree, near Dudley, to Birmingham, and from the Market Cross in Wolverhampton to Cannock, in the Counties of Stafford, Worcester, and Warwick:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " An

iG

" Martii. 1782.

" Act for amending and widening the Road from " try to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the South Side " of Wortley, in tl^ County of York, where it joins " the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham to " Manehefter" so far as the same relates to the Road leading from Bawtry aforesaid to and through

Part of the Town of Tinfieyto the Place where the same joins the Road leading from Rotherham to Sheffield:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of ati Act of the First Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from to

Northfteet, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent i and for allowing an annual Payment out of the Tolls arising upon the said Roads to the Trustees for the Care of the Road leading from Rochester to Maidstone, in the said County, to be applied for the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for repairing aiul widening several Roads " leading to and through the Borough of Tamworth,

" and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties " of Stafford, Wanoick, and Derby

An Act for naturalizing Frederic

Mr. Ewer presented to the House, according to Or- Wom«, der, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, fcc.Ro* made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Towns of Weymouth and Mclcombe Regis, and Dorchester, in the County of Dorset j and for repairing the Road leading from the ParUli of Warmwell, through the Parishes of Poxwell

and Ofmington, to the Church in the said Parish of OJinington, in the said County of Dorset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Win Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means forraifing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 27* d Martii;

Anno 22s Georgii III*" Regis, 1782.

Pra yirs.

S\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- w ' rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new w t-Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Westminster, in the room of the honourable Charles James Fox, who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of one of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

An ingrossed Bill for better securing the Duties pay- Cotbjp-able by v irtue of an Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign portri of Queen Anne, on the Importation of Coals, Culi^and Cinders, into the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the Coon- 0081 ty of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Rjfolved,

Leave of Ituence.

Honlry

ick>sure.

ommittees.

Kingston

Devc.il

Inclosure.

Smtt€ y Writ.

Myth Marsh Road.

21 Geo. III. 17° Martiu pop

Resolved, Tim the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for better securing the Duties payable by virtue of an Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, on the Importation of Coals, Culm, and Cinders, into the Fort of Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr, Charles do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Skipicith have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, on his private Affairs.

The Lord Lexcisham prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of llanley, in the Parish of in

the County of York, and for abolishing or settling certain other Rights or Claims within the said Manor: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That all Committees-be revived.

Mr. Penruddock presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting in Severalty the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, within the Purish of Kingston in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing ofa Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Surrey, in the room of the honourable AvgvftusKeyjrel, who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted tl*e Office of First Commissioner for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts, passed in the Second and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty's Reign, so far as the same relate to the Road from Blyth Marsh, in the County of Stafford, through Cheadle, Oakamoor, and Blore, to the Turnpike Road from Ashburnto near Thorp, in

the County of Derby, and also the Road from the Road between Cheadle and Leek to the Turnpike Road above Frogall Bridge, and from the same Road to the Road between Bly/hMarfhand Thorp, at or near the RueliillGate,

was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had

been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, paflTed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Ashburn to the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate upon Ru/h-Inn Common, to Congleton, in the County of Chester, and also the Road leading from Marsh, in the County of Stafford, through Cheadle, Oakamoor, and Blore, to the Turnpike Road from Ashburn to Buxton, near Thorp, in the County of Derby: And also.

An Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Shelton to the Road between Cheadle and Leek, and from Bitcknall to Wefion Coyney, and from the

Vo 1.. 38.

Road between Cheadle and Ijeck to the Turnpike Road above Frogall Bridge, and from the same Road to the Road between Blyth Marsh and Thorp, at or near RuehillGate, in the County of Stafford, were read; by which it appeared, that such Part of the Road deferred in the last mentioned Act, called the Second District, as leads from the Road between Cheadle and Leek to the Turnpike Road above Frogall Bridge, and from the same Road to the Road between Blyth Marfi and at or near Ruehill Gate, and the Division of the Road in the first-mentioned Act, from Blyth Marsh the said Turnpike Road from Ashburn to Buxton near Thorp, are consolidated: And,

Mr. John Child being examined, said. That a considerable Progress hath been made in amending the said consolidated District of Road; in doing which, the Tolls, together with a large Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly applied — That by Reason of a Canal made by an Act of Parliament of the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, from the Navigation on the South Side of in the County of Stafford, to Frogall, and the Railway from thence to certain Limestone Quarries in Caldon, in the said County, very large Quantities of Lime and Limestone are conveyed upon the said Navigation to the Neighbourhood, which used to be supplied with Lime by Land Carriage upon the said Turnpike Roads, by which, and by Means of divers Exemptions, the Tolls have been so much reduced, that the Income acifing therefrom is become insufficient to pay the Interest of the Money borrowed, and to keep the said Roads in tolerable Repair: And he concluded with saying. That unless some Relief is granted by Parliament, the Roads must go to Ruin, and the Debt now owing cannot be paid off.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty's Reign, so far as the same relate to the Road from Blyth Marsh.to the Road leading from Afiborn to Buxton near Tltorp, and from the Road between Cheadle and Leek to the Turnpike Road above FrogaU Bridge, and from the same Road to the Road at or near Ruehill Gate, in the Counties of Stafford and Derby: And that Mr. Gilbert, the Lord Lewijkam, Sir John Wrotte, and the Lord Trentham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland, from the Committee War in the of Secrecy appointed to enquire into the Causes of the Carnatic. War that now subsists in the , and of the

present Condition of the British Possessions in those Parts, and to report the same to the House, with their Observations thereupon; and who were instructed to enquire into the Rife, Progress, Conduct, and present State of the MarattaWar, and all other Hostilities in which the Presidency of Bengal now are or have been engaged in the Support of that War, and of the Effects which the said War and Hostilities may have produced in Bengal, and the other Settlements and Possessions of the East India Company, delivered in to the House an Appendix to the Sixth Report which was made from the said Committee on Wednesday the 6th Day of this Instant March.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Appendix is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to York Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of York, in the room of the Right honourable John Cavendish, commonly called Lord John Cavendish, who, since his Election for the said City, hath

accepted

910

accepted the Office of Chancellor and Under Treasurer of His Majesty's Exchequer.

Northampton Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ- the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ so the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of ,in the County of Northampton, in the room of the honourable George John Spencer, commonly called Lord Viscount Althorpe, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Exchequer.

Higham Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Ferrer* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the

Writ. electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament

for the Borough of Higham Ferrers, in the County of Northampton, in the room of Frederick Montagu, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Exchequer.

Buckingham Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wnt. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough and Parish o in the County of Buckingham, in the room of James Grenville, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough and Parish, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Exchequer.

Bridgenonh Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridgenorth, in the County of Salop, in the room of Hugh Pigot, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britian.

KM*Wrir°U8fl Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Knare/bor the County of York,

in the room of the Right honourable Frederick -fonby, commonly called Lord Viscount Duncannon, who since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Cambridge Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

55* the Crown, to make out a new Writ for

nt' the electing of a Burgess!to serve in this present Parliament for the University of Cambridge, in the room of the honourable John Toxcnjhend, who, since his Election for the said University, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Thetford Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wnt- the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Norfolk, in the room of Richard Hopkins, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

^kurch Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the Right honourable

A. 782.

Thomas Townshend, who, since his Election ft the said

Borough, hath accepted the Office of His Majesty'sSe-cretary at War. 1

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his W rrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in thisprefe it Parliament for the Borough of Honit in the ( ounty of Devon, in the room of Sir George Yonge, Bart let, who, since the last Election for the said Borough, ha h accepted the Office of Vice Treasurer and Receive General and Paymaster General of all His Majesty's. Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his W irrant to c*)mV4 the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this prt Tent Parliament for the Borough of Caine, in the C >unty of Wilts, in the room of the Right honourable Ifa ic Barri, who, since his Election for the said Borou ;h, hath accepted the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his W arrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this prefen t Parliament for the Borough of Caine, in the County of in the room of John Dunning, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office or Offices of Chancellor of the Du tchy and County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to NtwMib the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wit the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Nero Malion, in tlx? County of York, in the room of Edmund Burke, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keep- Wwb* ing in Repair, the Road from Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, to Barnhill, in the County of Chester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Barnhill, in the County of Chester.

Ordered, That Sir Watkin Williams Wynn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Tarporley, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Ic. AElon Bridge, near Weverham, in the same County, was Riot-read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Tarporley, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Acton Bridge, near Weverham, in the same County.

Ordered, That Mr. Crave do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hatton reported from the Committee, to whom Rocheier, the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small g^^ Dehts within the City of Rochester, and the Parishes of Strood, Frindsbury, Cobham, Shorne, Higham, Cliff, Cooling, Halftow, Chalk, Sheerness, Hoo, BurhamJVouldham, Hailing, Cuxstone, Chatham, Gillingham, ington, Milton, and Siltingbourne, in the County of Kent,

was committed; That the Committee had examined the 1 Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

2 70 Mar Hi.

Supply.

Ways and Mean i.

Adjourn-

ment.

Thetford

Writ.

Accounts from theOrd-nance Office.

22 Geo. III.

27° — 28 aMartii. — 8° Aprilis.

911

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 8th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

night, the 8th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 28* dMartii;

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of the Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Number and Tonnage of all British Ships and Vessels arrived and reported in all the Ports of Great Britain, with an Account of the Number of Seamen, exclusive of the Mailer, navigating such Ships and Vessels, distinguishing the British from the Foreign Seamen, from the ill of January 1780 to the ift of January 1782; also distinguishing each Port and each Year, and, as far as can be, the Number and Tonnage of such of the said Ships and Vessels as were employed in the Service of Government.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Number and Tonnage of all Foreign Ships and Vessels arrived and reported in all the Ports of Great Britain, with the Number of Foreign Seamen navigating such Ships and Vessels, from the ill of January 1780 to the ill of January 1782, distinguishing each Port and each Year; and also, as far as can be, the Number and Tonnage of such as were employed in the Service of Government.

Anno 22* Georgii Regis, 1782.

Pra YERS.

ESO LVE D, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Seven-night, the 8 th Day of April next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Norfolk, in the room of Charles Fitzroy Scudamore, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Boncnham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant toi the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Guldeford, in the County of Surrey, in the room of the Right honourable Sir Fletcher Norton, Knight, now Baron Grantley, in the County of York, called up to the House of Peers,

And then the House adjourned till Monday Seven-night, the 8th Day of April next. Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Luna, 8° diSfprilis;

Anno 22* Georgii III'a Regis, 1782.

Mr. Kenrick presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Debt due from the Office of Ordnance on the 31st Day of December 1781, as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the several Heads of such Debt; And also.

An Account of Transports taken up, and contrafted for by the Board of Ordnance, from the 25th of September 1777 to the 20th of February 1782; distinguishing each Year; specifying also the Manner of hiring, the Names of the Persons who provide them, the Tonnage, the Time of Employment, the Demurrage, the Loss of Ships, the Price, and the Manner of Payment: And also,

An Account of the Sales of old Ordnance Stores, from 1 ft January 1776 to ill January 1782; distinguishing each Year, and how the Produce of such Sales has been applied: And also.

An Account of the Charge of the Ordnance for the Sea Service, with the Sums received by the Board of Ordnance upon that Account, from ill January 1776 to ill January 1782; distinguishing each Year: And

also,

An Account of the first Cost of the Powder Mills under the Direction of the Ordnance, the Annual Expence attending them, and the Quantity of Gunpowder made in them in each Year, from their first Commencement to the Year 1781, inclusive.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Vol. 3:.

Prayers.

ABIL L for dividing, inclosing, and improving the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of IJonley, in the Parish of Almondbury, in the County of York, and for abolishing or settling certain other Rights or Claims within the said Manor, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Lewisham, Mr. Marsham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John of in the County of Middlesex, and for providing a proper Workhouse and Burial Ground adjoining or near thereto; and for opening certain Communications, and making, widening, and paving, certain Streets within the said Parish, and the Parish of Bofolph without Aldgate, in the said County, was read a Second

rp- ° *

1 ime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Byng, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account llievving the Amount of the Exchequer Bills issued since the 24th Day of January 1782, by virtue

10 Z of

Account Tonnage of

British Ship*,

Account; Tonnage of Foreign Ships.

Guldeford

Writ.

Honley

Inciolure.

Wapping Poor and Streets.

Account of Exchequer Bills.

Expiring

Law?.

Cotton

Manufacture.

\ % 8° Aprilis. A. 1782.

of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, " by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the a Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one."

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which, upon the 20th day of March last, was made from the Committee who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or neat* expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or Continued.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrow-Mbrning.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Cotton and Callicoe Manufacturers, and Cal-licoe and Linen Printers, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and the Counties adjacent, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth. That the Manufacture and Printing of Cottons and Linens are justly estimated amongst the most valuable Branches of Trade in these Kingdoms, and within a few Years past have been brought to a great Degree of Perfection, not only for Home Consumption, whereby His Majesty's Revenue is greatly increased, but also for Exportation to Foreign Markets, where great Quantities have been fold; and that the Patterns and Method of Printing used in this Country have, within a few Years last past, been made known and imitated in The East Indies with such Exact-ness, that it is difficult, if not impossible, to distinguish Callicoes printed there from those printed in Great Britain; and that the Proprietors of the East India Company having oflato Years imported Callicoes printed in The East. Indies for Exportation, upon Payment of a very small Duty, where the British Patterns and Method of Printing have been introduced, have increased their Imports of Printed Callicoes to an enormous Amount, and through the low Price of Wages in The East Indies, and other Causes, are enabled to export and fell them at Foreign Markets much cheaper than the l ike Species and Quality of Goods of the Manufacture and Printing of this Country can be afforded, whereby the Export Trade of Cottons, Callicoes, and Linens, printed in Great Britain, has already been very greatly injured, and is in Danger of being entirely loft; and representing to the House, that the Similitude in the Patterns printed in India and Great Britain will be a great Inducement to the Practice of smuggling into this Country the Callicoes printed in India, to the great Injury of Iits Majesty's Revenue, and the Manufacture and Printing of Cottons and Linens in Great Britain, for Home Consumption, upon which many Thousands of His Majesty's Subjects depend for Employment and Support: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to lay such a Duty upon the Importation into this Kingdom of Callicoes, printed in The East Indies, not to be drawn back upon Exportation, as is necessary, and shall be sufficient to regulate and equalize the Price at Foreign Markets with Cottons, Callicoes, and Linens printed in Great Britain, or to grant the Petitioners such other Relief as to the House shall seem expedient and just.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Byng presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making a Passage for Carriages from Spital Fields to Bishopsgate Street, in the County of Middlesex, and for paving the fame, and for appropriating to those Purposes the Money arisen by virtue of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for applying the Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, to arise out of the Orphan's Fund, for making such Passage; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a Carr or Common, called Thor manby Carr, within the Township of Thormanby, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands, within the Township of Rajkelf, in the Parish of Eajing-wold, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Secpnd Time.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of Mis present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Towns of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and Dorchester, in the County of Dorset \ and for repairing the Road leading from the Parish of Warm-well, through the Parishes of Poxivell and Ofmington, to the Church in the said Parish of Ofmington, in the said County of Dorset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ewer, Mr. Eizoes, &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the $peaker's Chamber.

A Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Brofeley, Benthatl, Madeley, Barrow, Linley, Willey, Little Wenlock, and Dazcley, in the County of Salop, was read aSecond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Forester, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, 4< An Act for the better securing the Dependency of " the Kingdom of Ireland upon the Crown of Great Britain," as declares. That the King's Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of his Lord's Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, had, hath, and of Right ought to have, full Power and Authority to make Laws and Statutes of sufficient Force and Validity to hind the Kingdom and People of Ireland;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the Orders of the Day be now read.

And the said Motions were, with Leave of the House, severally withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, by rlifabling certain Officers, employed in the Collection or Management of His Majesty's Revenues from giving their Votes at such Elections: And that Mr. Crewe, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Secretary Fox, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Frederick Montagu, and Colonel Barre, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The

Strefft from

Sora:fi?UU:o

Bishoplgate

Street.

Tliormsnby

Inclosure,

Raflcelf

Inclosure.

Weymouth, &c. Road*.

Brofdev, & c.

Small Debt*

Motion respecting the Dependency of Ireland,

Elections; disabling Re-venue Officen front Voting.

2a Geo. III. 8* — 9° Aprilis.

9r

nbers not The House being informed, that several other Amend-; c?n- ments are necessary to be made to the Bill for restraining tin Con- a,y Person, being a Member of the House of Com-s. mons,-from being concerned himself, or any Person in Trust for him, in any Contract made by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, the Commissioners of the Navy, the Board of Ordnance, or by any other Person or Persons, for the Public Service, unless the said Contract shall be made at a public Bidding; which Bill was, upon the 19th Day of March lad, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the same had been committed;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, F^-solve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, to consider further of the said Bill.

to enable Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning,

Majesty resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ce'with upon t-be Bill to enable His Majesty to conclude a Peace rrica or Truce with the revolted Colonies in North America.

The Orders of the Day being read;

ply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Refoloed, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martts, 90 d April is;

Anno 22* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1782.

Prate us.

THE House being informed that Mr. Jennings, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account shewing the Amount of the Exchequer Bills issued since the 24th Day of 1782, by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intithled, " An Act for raising a further Sum of Money,

" by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one." And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Am ACCOUNT shewing the Amount of the Exchequer Bills issued since the 24th Day of January 1782, by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a farther Sum " of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Eighty-one."

The Exchequer Bills, issued since the 24th Day of January 1782, by virtuq of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of Four hundred and Eighty thousand Pounds.

Exchequer,

the gth Day of April 1782. Rob* .

Expiring

Laws.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which, upon the 20th Day of March last, was made from the Committee who were appointed to enquire what l.aws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Tabje: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Re/blved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, " for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the " Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Greale," which was to be in Force for Three Years, from the 25th Day of March 1 767, and from thence to the End of the

VOL. 38.

then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts of the Tenth, Thirteenth, Sixteenth, and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 25th Day of March 1782, is expired, and fit to be revived and continued.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Ord and Mr. Strdckey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and allotting in Severalty the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Kingston Deverilt, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Master-man, Mr. Penruddock, kc.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved,

Wip

and Means,

Account of Exchequer Bills.

Kingston

Deverill

Inclosure.

Militia Pay and Clothing.

Message respecting Irish Affairs.

Elections — disabling Revenue Officers from voting.

Bill to eiable His Msjeity to make Peace with America.

Eafi. India Affairs.

914 90 — 10° Aprilis. A. 1781.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the House, to consider of the said Reports, whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning Morning, Ten of the Clock,

the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven

hundred and Eighty-two. ----- ----; ——

Mr. Secretary Fox acquainted the House, That he tiad a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, being concerned to find that Discontents and Jealousies are prevailing among His Loyal Subjects in Ireland, upon Matters of great Weight and Importance, earnestly recommends to this House, to take the same into their most serious Consideration, in order to such a final Adjustment as may give mutual Satisfaction to both Kingdoms.

G. R.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most Gracious Message; and toaffure His Majesty, that this House, feeling with His Majesty the deepest Concern that Discontents and Jealousies should have arisen among His Majesty's Loyal Subjects in Ireland, will, without Delay, take the same into their most serious Consideration, in order to such a final Adjustment as may give mutual Satisfaction to both Kingdoms.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Crewe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for better securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, by disabling certain Officers employed in the Collection 'or Management of His Majesty's Revenues, from giving their Votes at such Elections: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to conclude a Peace or Truce with the revolted Colonies in North America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Philip Jennings Clerke took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

' Sir Philip Jennings Clerke reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the several Reports which have been made from the Committees of Secrecy, appointed in the lastand this present Session of Parliament, relating to the Affairs of the East India Company, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-23

Mercurii, I o* die Apr His;

Anno 22* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

MR. Rolle presented to the House, according to Wookey Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allot- Inclosure. ting certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parish of Wookey, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Clement Tudway, Robert Michell, Charles Tudway, Robert Tudzvay, Henry Phelps, Richard Willcox, William Boulting, James Tibbs, Robert Lax, William Hippijley,

Stephen Fry, George Kitching, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, which was presented to the House upon the 18th Day of February, last, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a SepondTime; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Proprietors of Houses, and Inhabitants of the City of Edinburgh, whose Names are city thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and Improvement read; Setting forth. That a Bill being depending before the House, for removing the Slaughter Houses from the City of Edinburgh and Royalty thereof, and Opposition having been made thereto by the Incorporation of Butchers in the said City, the Petitioners, who are materially interested in the Issue of the Bill, apprehend, that, if they were allowed to be heard, they could offer very material Considerations in Support of the Bill: And therefore praying to be allowed to be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, in Support of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing the Slaughtering of Cattle, and for removing Nuisances, within the City and Liberties of Edinburgh; and for impowering the Lord Provost and the Magistrates to alter the Mode of giving Safineson Burgages, and for grantingother Powers for the better Government of the said City, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, in Support of the said Bill, if they think fit.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Trentatid Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Navigation. MerJ'ey, is referred.

Ordered,^That Mr. Speaker do not issue hi* Warrant, Cncklade for the making out a new Writ for the electing of a Writ. Bnrgefs to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Criddade, in the County of Wilts, before Monday Three Weeks, the 6th Day of May next.

Mr.

Importation of Tallow, &c.

Answer to Address.

Supply.

Elections — disabling Revenue 0 ficers from voting.

Rochester, kc. Small Debts.

Geo. Ill* to° Aprilis. 915

Mr. Ord presented to the House; according to Order, a Bill to revive and farther continue an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for a limited " Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of " Tallow, Hog's Lard, and Grease:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Secretary Fox reported to the House, That their Addressof Yesterday (to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most Gracious Message; and to assure His Majesty, that this House, feeling with His Majesty the deepest Concern that Discontents and Jea-loufies ftiouid have arisen among His Majesty's Loyal Subjects in Ireland, will, without Delay, take the same into their most serious Consideration, in order tofucha final Adjustment as may give mutual Satisfaction to both Kingdoms) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously.

Cliffe, Cooling, High Halftozv, Chalk, Hoo, Barham, Wouldham, Hailing, Cuxftone, Chatham, and Gillingham, and the Vilte of Sheerness, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. llalton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Philip Jennings Clerke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to th^ House; and he read the Report in Ills Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill; with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Papists Deeds and Wills.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account shewing the Amount of the Exchequer Bills issued since the 24th Day January 1782, by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further u Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills,

" for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven " hundred and Eighty-one," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill for better securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, f- by disabling certain Officers employed in the Collection or Management of His Majesty's Revenues, from giving their Votes at such Elections, be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City of Rochester, and the Parishes of Strood, Frindsbury, Cobham, Shorne, Higham, Cliffe, Cooling, Halftow, Chalk, Sheerness, Hoo, Barham, Wouldham, Hailing, Cuxftone, Chatham, Gillingham, Rainham, Newington, Milton, and Sitting-bourne, in the County of Kent, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City of Rochester and the Pa-riflies of Strood, Frindsbury, Cobham, Shorne, Higham, Vol. 38.

Ordered, That the several Reports which have been Admmiftrotioa made from the Select Committees, appointed in the last and this present Session of Parliament, relating to the cn*al*

State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orifta, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Reports.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Huntingdon to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Writ* for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Huntingdon, in the room of the Right honourable Peter Earl Lud~ lozv in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Comptroller of His Majesty's Houshold.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Clifton the Clerk of the Crown, to make but a new Writ for Dartmouth the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlfa-ment for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, nt" in the County of Devon, in the room of the Right honourable Richard Lord Viscount Hozve in the Kingdom of Ireland, now Lord Viscount Howe, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, not- Committed, withstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Adjourn-House this Day, adjourn till Friday Morning next. inent'

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Wayt ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Maaos. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. 7

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Bill to enable the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable His Ma- His Majesty jesty to conclude a Peace or Truce with the revolted witK Colonies in North America, was committed, be re- America, ceived upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

11 A

Newcastle under Lyme Inclosure.

Exportation el Hopi.

Isn portal Ion ct Tallow, ice.

916

Veneris.,

Aprilis. 178

I , 1 , \ m\l

Refohei, That this House will, upon Monday Mo: ing next, refblve itself into a Committee of the wl* House, upon the said Bilk

Anno 220 Georgii IIP* Regis, 1782,

PlAYEBi.

THE Lord Trentham reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Borough of Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, under their Common Seal, and of the Freeholders and other principal Inhabitants of the Borough and Pvarish of Newcastle under Lyme aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Sparrow being examined, said. That within the said Borough there is a certain Parcel of Waste Ground, called The Marsh, containing about Twenty-three Statute Acres (exclusive of the Public Roads and Highways over the fame) on which the Freeholders; Owners, and Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements within the said Borough, have Right of Common, and the Soil thereof belongs to the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, as Lords of the Manor; that the said Waste Ground is at present in a very neglected State, and of little Value to the Inhabitants and Persons interested therein, by Reason of the great Spoil and Waste committed, and the Heaps of Rubbish and other Nuisances placed, upon the fame, by Means whereof the same is become very obnoxious to the Inhabitants and the Public; that if the above Nuisances were removed; and the said Waste Ground was inclosed and leased out for Terms of Years, and the Rents and Profits thereby arising applied in Aid of the Poor's Rates of the said Borough, which are now very burthensome, it would be of great Advantage to all the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and of great Public Utility. And he added, That there have been several Meetings had, when great Numbers of the Parties interested attended, and it was understood the Town were unanimous for the Application.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and leafing a Piece of Waste Land, called The Marsh, within the Borough of Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poor's Rates of the said Borough: And that the Lord Trentham and Mr, Gilbert do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for encouraging the Exportation of Hops, of British Growth, to and for Ireland, by Way of Merchandize: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to revive and further continue an Act, mad in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for a limited 4< Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of " Tallow, Ilog's I^ard, and Greale," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Account of the Money remaining in the Excheqi on the 5th Day of April 1782, for the Disposition Parliament, of the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overp Monies, of the Fund commonly called The Sink Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incu brances thereupon.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mo ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the wh House, to consider of preventing the running and landing in this Kingdom, Muslins, Callicoes, Nanq Cloths, and other Piece Goods, of the Product or \ nufacture of the East Indies, or other Parts within Limits of the East India Company's Charter.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee the whole House, to whom it was referred to confi further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be r received.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Cc mittee, the Resolutions which the Committee had rested him to report to the House; which he read his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Cle Table: Where the same were read; and are as loweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commit That the Sum of Four hundred and Eighty thous Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for paying off discharging the Exchequer Bills issued since the 2 Day of January 1782, by virtue of an Act, passe< the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " railing a further Sum of Money, by Loans or " chequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One th u sand Seven hundred and Eighty-one/* and char upon the first Aids to be granted in this Sessioi Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commit That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Poui be granted to His Majesty, towards re-building Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, in the City of London.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Sec Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereuj agreed to by the House.

Sir George Cornewall reported from the Commit to whom the Petition of the several Persons wl Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; T the Committee had examined, and found that Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of A 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been comp with; and that the Committee had examined Matter of the said Petition; and had dire him to report the fame, as it appeared to th to the House; and he read the Report in his Ph and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Ta Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vi

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Walter Churchey being examined, said. That lie kr the Roads leading from a Place called The Hardw in the Parish of Clifford, in the County of Here) to a Place called Windmill Hill, in the same Con and from Vawchurch to Pontrilas, in the said Coun Hereford, are in a very ruinous Condition, and and miry, and in some Places so narrow that Carriages cannot pals each other; that the repa and widening the same will be of Public Utility, that the same cannot be done by the present Laws in Force.

And the House being informed, That some fu Examination was necessary to be had touching Matter of the said Petition;

Ord

22 Geo. III.

ii*

Sale of East India Prize Goods.

Thormanby

luclosure.

TUflcelf

Inclosure.

Qitberoe

Writ.

Militia Pay It Clothing.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

An ingrossed Bill to extend so much of Two Act* of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as relate to the Sale of, and ascertaining the Dirties upon, East India Goods, to Tea, and all other Goods of the Growth, Rroduft, or Manufacture of China, or any Country within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, which have been, or shall, during the present Hostilities, be brought into this Kingdom, and condemned as Prize; and for equalizing the Duties upon, and regulating the Importation of, Foreign Snuff into this Kingdom, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to extend so much of Two Acts of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as relate to the Sale of, and ascertaining the Duties upon, East India Goods, to Tea, and all other Goods of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of China, or any Country within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, which have been, or shall, during the present Hostilities, be brought into this Kingdom, and condemned as Prize; for equalizing the Duties upon, and regulating the Importation of Foreign Snuff into this Kingdom; and for preventing the Importation and Running of Foreign Spirituous Liquors, Tea, and other prohibited Goods, into this Kingdom, in Vessels fitted out and armed as Privateers.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a Carr or Common called Thormanby Carr, within the Town {hip of Thor* manby, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Baker, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands, within the Town {hip of Rajkelf, in the Parish of EaJinguOold, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile3 Mr. Baker, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eiefting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clilheroe; in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in the room of John Parker, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty's Manor of East Hendrei in the County of Berks.

Resolved, That this House will immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the BiM for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Adjourn-

ment,

Blyth Marsh Road.

Supply.

Vet.

38.

917

Mr* Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next;

Resolved, That this House Will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert presented' to the House* according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty's Reign, so far as the same relate to the Road from Blyth Mar/h to the Road leading from AJkborn to Buxton near Thorp, and from the Road between Cheadie and Leek to the Turnpike Road above Frogall Bridge, and from the same Road to the Road at or near Ruehill Gate, in the Counties of Stafford and Derby: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,' to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1782, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioner* oiChclfia Hospital, for the Year 1782, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of an additional Company and Additional to the Embodied Militia in South Britain, including Clothing, for the Year 1781, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr* Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Mon* day Morning next.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morir-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Admiral Pigot, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Sums of Money received for any of His Majesty's Ships of the Line or Frigates fold between the ift of January 1771 and the ill of January 1782; dist the Ship and Sum; and also the gross Amount of the Sums of Money arising from the Sale of Old Stores within the said Times, and the Uses to which those Sums have been applied: And also,

A Lift of the Ships of the Line and Frigates broken of gj, jp, up or fold between the ift of January 1771 and the broken up. ill of January 1782; dist the Year: together with the Reports of the Navy Board on the State of each Ship previous to her being broken up or fold, and when fold, with what Stores, from N° l to N# 30 inclusive.

Anq

Account of Money received tot Ships fold.

ill

GooooleJ

V

African

Company.

Bill to enable His Majesty to make Peace with America.

tfays *&d Means.

Members not to be concerned in certain Con-

918

And the Titles of the said Account, Lift, and Reports, were read.

Ordered, That the said Account, Lift, and Reports, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account, Lift, and Reports, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Rutherfoord, from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1780. The Account of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; distinguishing every Article of Expence under its proper TitleAnd also,

A-Paper, intituled, " 1780. Orders and Regulations."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members'of the House.

The said Papers, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Lord Mahon do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable His Majesty to conclude a Peace or Truce with the reVolted Colonies in North America, was committed.

The Lord Mahon accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with tho Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment Was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said BilL

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for restraining any Person, being a Member of the House of Commons, from being concerned himself, or any Person in Trull for him, in apy Contract made by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, the Commissioners of the Navy, the Board of Ordnance, or by any other Person or Persons for the Public Service, unless the said Contract shall be made at a public Bidding.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Yotige took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Yotige reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill;

*4

1782.

which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir George Yotige accordingly reported from the said

Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the fait} Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hu (fey have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Eight of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List CocuA of all Contrafts now held by any Members of the House of Commons, which have been made with the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, the Commissioners of the Navy, or the Board of Ordnance, or any other Person or Persons, for the Public Service, together with the Dates, and the Times at which such Contracts will expire.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunte 150 die Aprilis;

Anno 22* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1782.

Peaversi.

QRDEIfED That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- Solfci Wi 'rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Suffer, in the room of the honourable Thomas Pelham, who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Surveyor General of His Majesty's Ordnance.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second St. Cotta Reading of the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting Inc^ta certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Out Parish of Saint Wells,

in the County of Somerset;

And the House being informed that the several Persons who petitioned this House upon the 19th Day of February last, praying to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and which Petition was,

' upon the 4th Day of March last, ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, declined being heard by their Counsel, upon the Second Reading of the said Bill;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ord,

Sir John Trevelyan, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Petition of Clement Robert

Tudway, Charles Tudxoay , Richard Chaple Roger North, William Ellis, WilliainKirton, James Norlh, Charles

Porch, Richard Webb, Richard Webb the Elder, James Sweet, Sarah Lax, James Baron, Caleb Headland, and

others.

12° — 150 Aprilis.

ed.

the said witteth*) him io 'port in his W;th % re the lie.

oto further

rttbeti ill be suffi.

k

o makea

use, ali& heHocfe 5 Commis. iiontm; of lb Ft. lienr, th 'ontrai

2 2 Geo. III. 150

9*9

others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, which was presented to the House upon the 19th Day of February last, be referred to the Consideration of the Comm ittee to whom the said Bill is committed; anti that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Angui/h:

Mr. Speaker,

Shepton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mallet for dividing and inclosing a certain Part of the Forest Inclosure* of Mendip, and a Piece of Waste Land, called Windsor's Hilly filuate within the Parish of Shepton Mallet, in the County of Somerset, without any Amendment: And also,

Famfliam, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act fce. Road.* for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the High Post Road near the Town of Faversham, by Bacon's Water, through Ash/ovd, to the Town and Port of Hythe, in the County of Kent, and from Bacon's Water to a certain Lane, called Holy Lane, in Wine heap, near the City of Canterbury, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the additional Duties upon Salt in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Chrijhnas 1780 jto Clirift-mas 1781; diiiinguishing the Sums arising from the different Counties.

And then he withdrew'.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Milford, from ,the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Gross and Net Amount of the Duty on Sope for Three Years, ending 5th July 1781; and the Amount of the Draw backs on Sope exported, and of the Allowances for Sope consumed in the Woollen Manufactures, for the same Period.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

War-

mew serve t, in lines the Ord*

n!

hr

ior

Si)

be

e-

id

North Britain.

An ACCOUNT of the Gross and Net Amount of the Duty on Sope for Three Years, ending 5th July 1781; and also the Amount of the Drawbacks on Sope exported, and of the Allowances for Sope consumed in the Woollen Manufactures, for the same Period; agreeable to an Order of the Honourable the Hoofe of Commons, of 11th March 1782.

Gross Amount. Net Amount. Amount of the Drawbacks on Sope exported. Allowances for Sope consumed in the Woollen Manufactures.

„ ( *779 For the Years ended 5th - - . Z 1780 ( 1781 12,280 16 5} 16,140 15 8 17,691 4 ij 9,12° 12 7! 11,358 17 6J 11,069 J 10§ 1,905 10 9 3.651 x5 6 5,oi 1 1 5 477 17 1} 374 2 64 372 17 5

Total - £> 46,112 16 3 31,548 12 — 1 10,568 7 8 1,224 17 if

James Ramsay, Accomptant-General, John Edgar, Accomptant.

Excise-Office, Edinburgh,

19th March 1782.

Alexander Udny,

T. Wharton,

67/6. Laurie.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

The House being informed that Mr. Jennings, from An Account of the Money remaining in the Exche-Vol. 38. 11 B quer

Account of Salt Duties.

Account of Sope Duty.

Account of Surplutli??, fee.

A. 1782

150 Aprilis.

920

quer on the 5th Day of April 1782, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Surpluses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read. The said Accoupt is as folio weth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Money remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1782, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fundi after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

The Money remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1782, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies of the Fund commonly calied The Sinking Fundy after satisf> ing all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, amounts to the Sum of Six hundred and Seventy thousand Seven hundred and Sixty Pounds Eleven Shillings and Two Pence Three Farthings: viz1.

Cash remaining unappropriated of the Sum of £.255,476. \s. iofd.; being the Surplus of the Sinking Fund, disposable by Parliament, on the 10th Day of October 1781 -Dilpolable Surplus of D°, on the 5th Day of April 1782 ——

Total remaining for the Disposition of Parliament on the 5th Day of April 1782 - £.

£ S. d.

55,4?6 I iof

615,284 9 4

670,760 11

Exchequer, the 15th Day of April 1782.

Rob1 Jennings.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Estimane. Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Charge of Additional to Three Re-

giments of Foot, and of forming One Regiment under the Command of Major General Stuart Douglas, for the respective Times within mentioned, in the Year 1782. And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as folio weth; viz.

ESTIMATE

15° Aprilis.

22 Geo. III.

921

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Additional to Three Regiments of Foot, and of forming a Regiment under the Command of Major General Stuart Douglas, for the respective Times undermentioned, in the Year 1782.

Colonel Sterling's Regiment, for 315 Days, from 13th February 1782 to 24th December following, both inclusive -

Earl of Bulcarras's, for the same Time - -

Deduct the Charge voted for the same Time, for the late Lieut. General Frazer's Regiment, 2 Battalions

Difference

Lieut. Colonel Humberstone's Regiment, for the same Time -

Deduct the Charge voted for the same Time, for the late Earl of Seaforth's Regiment ——

Difference

Colonel Bruce's Regiment, for same Time -

Deduct the Charge voted for Lieut. Colonel Humberstone's Regiment, for D® Time - -

Difference

Major General Stuart Douglas's Regiment, from 24th February 1782 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 304 Days ——

Deduct the Charge voted for Ten Independent Companies of Foot incorporated into Major General Douglas's Regiment, for the same Time ——

Difference

Total which remains to be provided for

Numbers. Charge. Difference.

M97 L197 m £. s. d. 19,204 10 — 19,015 10 — - £. s. d.

z>394 - 38,220

z>394 - 38,188 10 — 31 1 —

1,168 - »7»8l3 5 —

1,168 - 1 u-> w* w 00 M 31 10 —

1,168 - 17,892

1,168 - i7,781 15 — no 5 —

W1 - *7*753 12 —

1,150 O T 16,251 6 8 1 f r A

21 - - £ 1,67510 4 9

War-Office, f5th April 1782.

Tho. Townshend.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,- be Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. ingrossed.

rymouth, Mr. Ewer reported from the Committee, to whom c. Roads, J3j]| to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Towns of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and Dorchester, in the County of Dorset.; and for repairing the Road leading from the Parish of Warm well, through the Pnrishes of and

ton, to the Church in the said Parish of in the said County of Dorset, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were greed to by the House.

VOL. 38.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the Hanover Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and Vestrymen, Square of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the City Paving,

and Liberty of Westminster, and County of was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act of the Eleventh of His present Majesty was read; whereby it appeared, that Powers are vested in the Commissioners and Parochial Committees jointly, for the Purpose of paving, cleansing, and lighting the several Streets, Squares, and Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster: And,

Mr. Edward Waters, Inspector to the Parochial Committeeof the said Parish of Saint George, Hanover , being examined, said, That the Whole of the said Parish

(except

Contrails facM by ftfctpbcry

Militia Pay and Clothing.

022 150 Ap A, 1781.

(except certain Places which are under the Di rest ion of particular Acts of Parliament, and also except a few inconsiderable Streets and Mewfes, the Inhabitants whereof being poor, are not desirous of having them paved, and which are all lighted) hath been paved according to the Directions of the several Acts made for that Purpose.

Mr. John Aujlin, Clerk to the Parochial Committee, then produced a State of the Debt incurred for the Purposes aforesaid, amounting to the Sum of£. 41,000 and upwards, besides what is owing upon certain optional Streets: And added, That the Interference of the said Commissioners within the said Parish, is now become altogether unnecessary, the Work being almost completed.

Thomas Wiggins, Esquire, one of the Parochial Committee, being next examined, informed your Committee, That great Delays are occasioned by the Parochial . Committee being obliged, on many Occasions, to wait upon the Commissioners; and particularly in order to obtain previous Leave to advertise to make Contrafts, and afterwards to get them approved and confirmed, although no one Contraft of this Parish has ever been objected to by the Commissioners since the passing of the said Act — That it has happened, that when these Applications for Leave to advertise to make Contrafts have been lent down to the Commissioners, they have been so long detained before they were returned to the Committee, that the fubflfting Contrafts have expired Two Days before they were received. He further said, That it will be a very great Saving to the parochial Committee, and the Business will be much more ad van-tageously conducted, if the Interference of the Commissioners were taken away, as the several Officers appointed by them have been paid at sundry Times, upon an Average, from 180 to £.130 per which,

in the Course of Ten Years, has amounted to £.1,480; and that the whole of the Rates levied and collected in the said Parish, after paying the Interest of the £.41,000 /borrowed, do not amount to more than£. 800 for the Repairs of the Payment of the whole Parish under the Committee, out of which is first deducted the Amount of the above Salaries. And the Witness is of Opinion, That placing the whole Power in the Vellry, would not only be a great Saving, but would also very much expedite the Business of paving and lighting the said Parish.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting Part of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of

Middlesex; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And that Mr. Byng and Mr. Secretary Fox do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Strachey presented to the House, pursuant to

their Order,

A Lift of all Contrafts now held by Members of the House of Commons, which have been made with the Commissioners of the Treasury, with the Dates and Times at which such Contrafts will expire.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for <lefra> ing the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great called England,

for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of

MarehOne ilioufand Sevm hundred and Eighty-two, was committed, the Amen in-ents which the Committee had made to the !>:h, and which they had directed him to repo, t to tin* i Joule; and he read the Report in his i'iace; and after w aids delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One} and, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir George Cornezvall reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repai ring 11 ie Roads from the Town of Brecon to the Parish of Brobury, and to Whitney Passage, in the County of Hereford, ano for building a Bridge over the River Jfye at Bredwardinein the same County, so far as relates to such of the Roads comprised in the said Act, as lie in the County of Hereford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, u|)on the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to revive and further continue an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for a " limited Time, the Duties payable upon, the Iraportation of Tallow, Hog's Lard, and Grease," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Ameini-ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety-two thousand Right hundred and Eighty-one Pounds Seventeen Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty npo.i Account, towards defraying the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred and Forty-two Pounds Fourteen Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of an additional Company and Additional to the Embodied Militia in South Britain, including Clothing, for the

Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Pitt* to resolve it fell' into a Committee of the whole House,

to

2.

lie

K

J 1'

t, :'

1

Exportation oi Hops.

c - Ee-landing

j taft India Goods,

Limehouse

Streets.

St. John's, &c. West* ininster Paving.

2 2 Geo. III.

15° Aprilis.

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come tofeveral Refutations* which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Orrfalfo acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to (it again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Bill for encouraging the Exportation of Hops of British Growth to and for Ireland, by way of Merchandize, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of preventing the running and re-landing in this Kingdom, Muslins, Callicoes, Nanquin Cloths, and other Piece Goods, of the Product or Manufacture of the East Indies, or other Parts within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Byng prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for paving, and freeingfrom Nuisances and Annoyances, the several Streets, Ways, and Places, within the Parish of Saint Anne, Limehouse, in the County of Middlesex, and Queen Street and London Street, in the Hamlet of Radcliffe, within the said Parish; and for making Carriage Ways into Rijby's Rope Ground, and through Shoulder of Mutton Alley and Ropemaker s Fields to Three Colt Street, and from the Bridge in Rijby's Rope Ground into Three Colt Street aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and repairing the Pavement in, and for lighting such of, the several Streets, Lanes, Ways, and other Places in the United Parishes of Saint Marga-rtt and Saint John the Evangelist, in Westminster, as are at present excluded from the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend, and rendermore effectual, " several Acts made relating to paving, cleauling, and " lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places " within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent," and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in or near the fame, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, Voju 38.

923

and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read'throughout; anef then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Secretary Fox acquainted the House, That he Miflagefrom had aMeflagefrom His Majesty to this House, ligned the King, re-by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the jj* g^pendi-House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Mem- ture. bers of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, taking into Consideration the Supplies which have been given with so much Liberality, and supported with such uncommon Firmness and Fortitude by His People, in the present extensive War, recommends to His faithful Commons the Consideration of aneffe£tual Plan of Economy through all the Branches of the Public Expenditure; towards which important Object, His Majesty has taken into His actual Confide-pation, a Reform and Regulation in His Civil Establishment, which He will shortly cause to be laid before-this House, desiring their Assistance towards carrying the same more fully into Execution. His Majesty has no Reserves with His People; on whose Affections He rests with a sure Reliance, as the bed Support of the true Honour and Dignity of His Crown and Government; and as they have hitherto been His best Resource upon every Emergency, so He regards them as the most solid and liable Security for an honourable Provision for His Person and Family.

G. R.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Addrefr to Address be presented to His Majesty, to express to His the King* Majesty, that His truly paternal Regard for the Wel-fareof His People, meets a just Return in the Gratitude produced in the Breads of His faithful Commons, by His Majesty's most Gracious Message to this House:

To allure His Majesty, that His favourable Acceptance of the Zeal and Fidelity of His Subjects, manifested through the whole course of this arduous War, will animate them to the utmost Exertions for the Glory and Happiness of a Prince, who fetsa just Value on the Services, and is touched with an affectionate Sympathy in the Sufferiugs, of His People:

That His faithful Commons, deeply affected with His Majesty's noble and generous Procedure, and encouraged by a Recommendation at once glorious to His Majesty, and perfectly consonant to our Delires and Duties, will, as soon as His Majesty shall be pleased to communicate more particularly the Reformations and Regulations He is pleased to adopt, apply ourselves, with all Speed and Diligence, to give a full Efted to His Majesty's most gracious Intentions:

That His faithful Commons consider the unreserved Confidence which His Majesty reposes in this House, as a full Compensation for their earned and dutiful Endeavours to deserve that invaluable Testimony of His Royal Favour, a Confidence by which His Majesty will reign in the Hearts of His People, and in which he never can be deceived with regard to His Crown, His Person, and His Family: AKing of Great Britain cannot have so perfect or so honourable a Security for every thing which can make a King truly great and truly happy, as in the genuine and natural Support of an uninfluenced and independent House of Commons.

11 C Ordered,

15° — i<S°

924

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Committee The IJoufe, according to Order, resolved itself into onEast India a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Affairs. several Reports which have been made from the Committees of Secrecy, appointed in the last and this present Session of Parliament, relating to the Affairs of the East India Company.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Howard took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Iloxvard reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matters to them referred: and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Reports.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Bill to enable Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-

His Majesty fog next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole wi^Aine?6* to consider further of the Pill to enable His

iica. Majesty to conclude a Peace or Truce with the revolted Colonies in North America.

A. 1782.

Ways and Means

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And the Names of Twenty-nine other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Twelve other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House; One, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which he had before verified upon Oath: Five, on Account of their having already in this Session of Parliament served on Select Cohimittees; One, on Account of his having voted at the said Election; and Five, on Account of their Returns to serve in Parliament not having been brought in Fourteen Days. 4

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete;

The Counsel for the Sitting Member nominated Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered by the Cleric to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Mr. Secretary Fox reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1781 have been disposed of; distinguished under their several Heads.

Mortis, 16° die ^Jprilis;

Anno 220 Georgii IIItkI Regis, 1782.

PitA Y ERS.

Torfar H E Hour appointed for taking into Considera-

Election. X tion the Petition of Sir David Carnegie, of Southcjk, Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Forfar, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Three Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration. And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were by the Clerk taken out of the Box, which had been before prepared, and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk, in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Twenty Members, then present, were drawn, who jyere not objected to.

And the Name of the Lord Viscount Maitland being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioner, and his Name was set alide.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

Ordered, That Sir Philip Jennings Clerke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Brecon to the Parish of Brobury, and to Whitney Pqftage, in the County of Hereford, and for building a Bridge over the River Wye at Bredwardine Passage, in the same County, so far as relates to such of the Roads comprised in the said Act as lie in the County of Hereford, was read the Third Time.

BefolvedThat the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act, to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Brecon to the Parish of Brobury, and to Whitney Passage, in the County of Hertford, and for building a Bridge over the River Wye at Bredwardine Passage, in the same County, so far as relates to such of the Roads comprised in the said Act as lie in the County of Hereford.

Ordered, That Sir George Comewall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty two, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and

Clothing

Presentinf* of Address reported.

Account of Disposition of GrfWs.

Papists* Deeds and

Wills.

Brecon to Brobury Roads.'

Militia Pay anl Qothing.

22 Geo. III.

16° Apr

fields

hopf-

street

age

tracts d by nbers.

Clothing of the ilitia, in that Part of c alled England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for making a Partage for Carriages from Fields to Bishopsgate Sired, in the County of

sex, and for paving the fame, and for appropriating to those Purposes the Money ai'ifen by virtue of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of Mis present Majesty, for applying the Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, to arise out of the Orphans Fund, for making such Passage, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bytig, Mr. Elzvcs, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Admiral Pigot, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Lilt of all the Contracts now held by any Members of the House of Commons, which have been made by the Commissioners of the Navy for the Public Service, together with the Dates and the Times at which such Contracts will expire.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

ferred to consider further of the Supply granted td His Majesty, the Resolutions'which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk'l Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-seven thousand Five hundred and Ninety-five Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upoil Account of the reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred and Seventy, four Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge ol Allowances to the several Officers and Private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reducedj and to the Superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Johnstonpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Bolam, in the Parish of Ga, in the County of Durham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

lportation Mr. Qrd, according to Order, reported from the

f Tallow, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to

c* to revive and further continue an Act, made in Order, a Bill for inclosing and leafing a Piece of Waite

the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Land, called The Marsh, within the Borough of jesty, intituled, «« An Act to discontinue, for a Ii- cafile under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and applymited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importa- ing the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poor's Rates of " tion of Tallow, Hog's Lard, and Grease," was com- the said Borough: And the same was received; and raitted; the Amendments which the Committee had read the First Time.

made to the Bill, and w'hich they had directed him to Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Acts, passed in the Second and Eleventh Years of His Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a present Majesty's Reign, so far as the same relate to Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question the Road from Blyth to the Road leading from

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Ashborn to Buxton near , and from the Road be-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, between Chcadle and Leek to the Turnpike Road above ingrafted. Bridge, and from the same Road to the Road

at or near Gale, in the Counties of

e-landing Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the and Derby, was read a Second Time.

*!} Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert,

0 ferred to consider of preventing the running and re- the Lord Trentham, tec.: And they are to meet this

landing in this Kingdom, Mullins, Callicoes, Nanquin Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's i Cloths, and other Piece Goods, of the Product or Ma- Claimber.

I nufacture of the East Indies, or other Parts within the

Limits of the East India Company's 'Charter; That Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House he was directed by the Committee to move the House, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better upon the Bill for encouraging the Exportation of Hops

' preventing the running and re-landing in this King- of British Growth to and for Ireland, by W ay of Mer-

| dom, Mullins, Callicoes, Nanquin Cloths, and other chandlze, be now read.

j Piece Goods, of the Product or Manufacture of the And the said Order being read according!}-.

East Indies, or other Parts within the Limits of the Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday

East India Company's Charter. Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And Mr. Ord moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being the better preventing the running and re-landing in this again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend Kingdom Mullins, Callicoes, Nanquin Cloths, and the said Select Committee, delivered in to the Honfc other Piece Goods, of the Product or Manufacture of One of the Lifts which had been ftmek by the fair the East Indies, or other Parts within the Limits of the Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift the East India Company's Charter: And that Mr. Ord and Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining un- Mr. Strachey do prepare*, and bring in, the fame. ft ruck; to which last mentioned Lift the-Namesof Lore

Viscount Maitland and Sir , Baronet, beinu

Supply. Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the added, the same was culled over; and is us follows:

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- The honourable S' S' John, I Villi air,

Vol. 3S. Huff

Elections; disabling Revenue Officers from voting.

Members not to be concerned in certain Contracts.

Importation of Tallow,

926 1 6° — i^Ap A. 1782.

Huffey, Esquire, Abraham Ra Esquire, Dudley Long, Esquire, John Darker, Esquire, Thomas Bales Rous, Ef»|uire, the honourable Edward Sir

George Warren, Knight of the Bath, John Elioes, Esquire, Thomas Whitmore, Esquire, Charles Esquire,

Sir Henry Hoghton, Baronet, John Peach Esquire, Lord Viscount Maitland, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Sir David Carnegie, of Southrjk, Baronet, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the First Committee Chamber appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

A Bill for better securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, by disabling certain Officers employed in the Collection or Management of H is Majesty s Revenues from giving their Votes at such Elections, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { ui.F^ickMcntagu: } 8?'

Tellers for the Noes,j , } 12'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for restraining any Person, being a Member of the House of Commons, from being concerned himself, or any Person in Trust for him, in any Contract made by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, the Commissioners of the Navy, the Board of Ordnance, or by any other Person or Persons for the Public Service, unless the said Contract shall be made at a public Bidding, was re-committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 1j die;

Anno 22* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1782. Prayers.

A N ingrossed Bill to revive and further continue an jTr. Ad, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An Adtodiscontinue, " for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Im- portation of Tallow, Hog's Lard, and Greaife," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to revive and further continue an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Adtodiscontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importafion of Tallow, I log's Lard, and Grease."

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

*7

Mr. Penruddock reported from the Committee, to Kigir whom the Bill for dividing and allotting in Severalty Cw*--the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common ""a,'w Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Kingston DeveriU,in the County of

Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parlies concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands to the Amount of 97 Acres, who, being applied to, returned no Answer; and also except the Owners of Lands to the Amount of 131 Acres, who would not consent to the Bill; and that the whole Property iute-rested in the Lands to be divided and allotted amounts to 2,314 Acres and One Quarter of an Acre, or thereabouts) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The Lord LewUhamreported from the Committee, H to whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Hon ley, in the Parish of Aldmonbury, in the County of York, and for abolishing or settling certain

other R ghts or Claims within the said Manor, "a: committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Property having Right of Common on the Lands intended to be indofed, who are assessed to the Land Tax at £.91. 2 6

Annum, who refused to sign the Bill, and also except the Owners of Property aifefled at £.70. 17 6d. who

refused to figu the Bill, but had no Objection to the Inclosure; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed amounts to the annual Sum of £.809. ys; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the V(So5( Owners and Mailers of Ships belonging to the Ports of and &c^ Newcastle, Sunderland, Shields, Whitby, Scarborough, MCs.' Lynn, and Yarmouth, whose Names are thereunto fuh-feribed, in Behalf of themselves and many others, which was presented to the House upon the 25th Day of March lad, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Clavering and Sir John Eden do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered,

22 Geo. III. 17° Jprilis. 927

HindoaWrU. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to West End of Wadebridge aforesaid, into and through . the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Borough of Mitchell, in the said County; without the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Jiindon, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Lloyd Kenyon, Esquire, who, fmce his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Attorney General to His Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

Hakwerthy, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An &c. Roads. Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Haleworthy, in the Parish of Davidjloiv, in the County of Cornwall, to the East End of Wadebridge, in the said County, and from the

any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Speer, from Account of the Treasury, attended at the Door j he was called in; ^Giant and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account, shewinghow the Money given for the Service of the Year 1781 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 17th Day of April 1782, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Vol. ;>8.

11 D

An

ooslei

g

(Q

r-H

n'

CD

Cl

cr

CD

o

eg

FT

A\ ACCOUNT, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1781 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 17th Day of April 1782, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon. *

VO

00

rf

n

SERVICES.

For Wages, and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 90,000 Men, including 20,317 Marines, from the tft Day £. * d.

of January 17S l.....4,446,000 — —

For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half-pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1781.....386,261 5 8

Towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty's Yards, and other extra Works, over and above

what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1781 ----- - 670,016 ——

Towards paying offend discharging the Debt of the Navy - -- -- - 3,200,000 — r —

For Ordnance Sea Service ——

For Ordnance Land Service ——

For defraying the Expences of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in the Year 1780 ——

For the Charge of Services performed, and necessary to be performed, by the Office nf Ordnance, within the Year 1781, exclusive of the Services specified in the last Estimate presented to Parliament for Land Service ——

To enable the Commissioners appointed by an Act of last Session of Parliament, to make Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands, <4c. at and near Chatham, as have been purchased by them for better securing the Dock Yards, Ships, and Stores there -To enable the Commissioners appointed by an Act of last Session of Parliament, to make Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands, «$-c. at and near Shcemefs and Gravesend, as have been purchased for the better securing th; Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Plymouth, fyc. by better defending the Passage of the River Thames ——

To enable the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, to make Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands, fyc. at and near Tilbury Fort, as have been purchased for the better securing the Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Plymouth and Sheerness, and for Damages done to the Lands adjacent ——

f For defraying the Charge of 39,666 effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Jet-fry, and Guernsey, for the Year 1781 ——

For maintaining Ins Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Africa, and the Fuji Indies, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, the West Indies, and Africa, for the Year 1781 - -

For the Pay of General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1781.

For defraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain, and of Four Regiments of Fencible Men

in North Britain, for the Year 1781 -

For defraying the Charge of the Clothing of the Embodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year 1781 -

For defraying the Charge of additional Companies and Additionais to the Embodied Militia in South Britain, including Clothing, for the Year 1781--- ——

To make good a Deficiency on the Pay of additional Companies and Additionais to the Embodied Militia, including Clothing, for the Year 1780 ——

{ To make good a Deficiency on the Sums voted for defraying the Pay of 2 Battalions of Lord John Murray's Regiment of Foot, for the 1 Year 1780 - - - - . -

For defraying the Charge of 80 Independent Companies of Foot, to be raised, from 25th March 1781 to 24th December following, both Days inclusive ——

For the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1781 ——

For defraying the Charge of Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, am

to the iuperannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1781.

For defraying the Charge of the Out Pensionen of Hospital, for the Year.

For defraying the Charge of 5 Hanoverian Battalions of Foot at Gibraltar and Minorca, and for Provisions for the 2 Battalions of the f«tid Troops at Gibraltar, for the Year 1781 - - 0

Me-" °'' the T?°ps !f the Landgrav' of CaJ‘l in ">« Pay of Great Britain, together wUh the

L For defraying the Charge of a Regiments of limanin the Pay of Britain, together' with the Subsid'y, for the Year ,'78. ]

£ s. d.

— —

581-914 11 9

447,‘8i 4 6

151,104 3 4

20,671 12 6

13*452 17 —

I48 18 —

£ s d

1,049.77+ 8 11

1,488,917.

41,917 16 —

671,457 15 —

99,679 13 4

6,010 3 9

*,451 4 8

1.107 16 4

117,608 6 8

79,059 1 — —

U 596 4 2

9*604 7 1

56,074 *9 +1

367,203 9 10

39,597 1

Sums voted.

£ * * 8,70*,*77 5 8

1.550,4*4 7 »

Sums paid.

£. t. d. 8,603,884 18

Remains to be paid.

98,39* 7 6I

i,55o,4H 7 1

A

t

00

g

<a\

r+

n'

CD

Q_

C

tr

oo

To make good a Deficiency in the Sums voted for the Troops of the Hereditary Prince of Hejfe CaJJel in the Pay of Great Britain, being the Charge of an Augmentation to the faitl Troops, from the 29th of March 1779 to the 24th of December 1780 - -

For dr Y tying the Charge of 4,300 Men of the Troops of* the Reigning Duke of Binn/wick in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year 1781.....'.....' -

For defray ing the Charge of a Regiment of Foot of Waldeck in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year

17*'.....: -

For defraying the Charge of 1,447 Men, the Troops of the Margrave of Brandebourg Anfpach, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year 1781 - -

For defraying the Charge of a Corps of Foot of Anhalt Zcrbjt, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the S^bfidy, for the Year

17s .....- # - - - "

For defraying the Charge of Provisions for the Foreign Troops serving in North America, in the Pay of Great Britain, for the Year

17S1- - - - -.....- - - # -

For defraying ilm Charge of Art llery for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1781 Towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, incurred £ s. d. between the 31st of January 1780 and the ift of February 1781, and not provided for by Parliament - - 3*43*217 *9 8|

<3.463 8 5$

93.947 15 8

*7.49* 3 2|

39.644 H a

16,633 11 9i

49.373 17 1

!»7.683 14

From which deduct the following Sums granted towards satisfying the fame; viz.

Out *f the Monies or Savings of the Sums voted by Parliament for the Charge of several Augmentations to His Majesty's Forces for the Year 1780 ——

Of the Sum remaining of the Vote for Levy Money, for an Augmentation to several Regiments of Foot, for the Year 1779 -

Out of the Monies remaining of the Sums voted by Parliament for the Year 1780, for the Pay of several Corps of Infantry ——

£ *- * 51.747 17 6

25.501 ——

14,379 8 1#

91,628 6 4

----- ----- ----3.35L589 13 4f

7.7*3*91* 4

To the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, to be applied in assisting them in carrying onrtheir Trade -For the Expences of the New Roads*of Communication, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 1781 -

For maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1781

For the Charges of the Civil Establishment of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1780 to the 24th of June 1781 - - - % - - 7 7 - 7 - 7 - -

For the Charges of the Civil Establishment of Eafi Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1780 to the 24th of June 1781 ——

For the Charges of the Civil Establi foment of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1780 to the 24th of June >781 ——

For the Charges of the Civil Establishment of the Island of St. John in America, and other incidental Expences attending the lame, from ift of January 1781 to 1 ft of January 1782 ——

For defraying the Expences attending General Surveys of His Majesty's Dominions in North America, for the Year 1781 ——

To repairing, maintaining, and supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa ——

towards carrying on the Buildings at Somerset HouJ'e, for the Year 1781 ----- --^r ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses ——

To replace the like Sura which has been issued by His Majesty's Orders to Mr. Duncan Campbell, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames ——

To make good the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty's Orders, to be applied for the Relief and Benefit of sundry American Civil Officers, and others, who have fuflered on Account of their Attachment to his Majesty's Government ——

For affording immediate Assistance to the unhappy Sufferers in the Island of Barbadoes, and to relieve and support such of them as have been reduced to Distress and Necessity by the dreadful Calamity which in the Month of October 1780 ravaged and laid Waste the greatest Part of that

Island ——

For affording immediate Assistance to the unhappy Sufferers in the Island of Jamaica, and to relieve and support such of them as have been reduced to Distress and Necessity by the dreadful Calamity which in the Month of October 1780 ravaged and laid Waste a considerable Part of that Island ——

Towards rebuilding His Majesty's Gaol of Newgate in the City of London ——

rl*owards defraying the Expences incurred in repairing the Damages sustained at the Prison of the Kings Bench, and the Prison of the Fleet, during the tumultuous Riots in tftie Month of June 1780 - -- -- --....

8,000 ——

4,994 17 6 5.099 10 5

2,986 — -

8.95© ——

3,900 -

3>i5 ——

207 ——

13,000 ——

36,207 4 3

32,232 ——

15.4*7 »7 —

57,910 13 —

80,000 ——

40,000 ——

10.000 -

25.000 -

7.723.912 4 11

8,300 ——

4,994 17 6 5.099 10 5

2,986 — —

3.950 ——

3.900 ——

3.150 ——

207 — —

13,000 -

15,000 -

22,222 ——

15*87 *7 ~

57,9^0 12 —

80,000 — —

40,000 — —

10,000 --- —

21,207 4 $

_ 25,000 ——

VO

VO

22 Geo. III. I'f Aprilis.

g

cq'

N

CD

CL

cr

(D

o

o

I0«

?T

To be pr>i.l to fix h Pi-rfons as have sustained I.oflcs by reason of the rebellious Iiifurrcotions in June 1780, whose Losses amount to/, too and under, and

u Ih. have ii«it b "\\ n-iiithnrf. (I the f »ne..... ....

iiltil Anno 1738,

: To replace to tin Ssnkinir 1 uud the like Sum paid out of the Time, to make good the Ddi<deucy of the Fund for paying Annuities, gra on the 5th of J"'v 17K0 - - - _ _ _ , -

I To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum, paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities 1778, on ihe 51 h Day i.l July 17K - - . _ _ _ . -

1 To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Fujid for paying Annuities, granted Anno 1779,

on the 5th of July 17no - - - .

To replan to tin? Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anno 1780, on loth of October 1781 - - - . - -

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted for the Service of the Year 1779, at lutdif Day 1781 ——

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1779, at Muhat It nun 1781 ——

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1780 .

Towards the Expence of His Majesty's Mint, pursuant to an 90 Georg/i 3l!i ——

To pay off and discharge the principal Sinn of £. 1,500,000 in Exchequer Bills, made ou* by virtue of an Act 20° Georgii 3lii, and charged upon the first Aids granted for the Service of the Year 1781, together with the interest and Charges attending the same ——

To pay off and discharge the principal Sum of £. 1,900,000 in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of one other Act <io° Georgii 3*11, and charged upon the first Aids granted for the Service of the Year 1781, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same ——

To pay o/fand discharge the principal Sum of £. 1,000,000 in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of oue other Act -20° Georgii 3th, and charged upon the fird Aids granted for the Service of the Year 1781, together with the Interest ami Charges attending the same - -

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them distributed and paid to and amongst the Proprietors of the several fortunate

Tickets in the Lottery estabiifiied by an Act 21° Georgii 3lit..... ——

For Discounton prompt Payments, after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, to ‘he Contributors of £. 12,000,000 for Annuities, and of ^.480,000 for a Lottery ——

To the Bank of England, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said £. 12,000,000 and £. 480,000 ——

To enable H is Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be incurred, on Account of Military Services for the Year 1781, and to take all such Measures as the Exigency of nfiairs may require ——

Towards satisfy ing the Services unpaid, there remains in the Exchequer,

81,706 4 4

10,669 10 —

1,000,000 ——

5>373>5^4 10 8£

5*200 — - -

3°*999 11 2 3°*999 11 2

101,664 7 2 191,664 .7 2

>97.663 — U 193,603 — i*

222,745 4 6 222,745 4 6

43«? 17 2 1 1 X 43.7 7 2

252.978 11 252,978 11

8,55 > S H 8,551 8 81

8,052 4 1 8,052 4 1

1,55^,678 1 7 1,559,678 1 7 .

>,941>r49 3 5i 1,941,755 H , 1 M

1,033,261 2 9 1,033,261 2 9

480,000 — — 480,000 — —

81,706 4 4 10,669 10 —

1,000,000 — —

25,248,631 9 6|

Of Money on Account of Sale of Lands, <$-c. in the Ceded islands

Duty on Gum Senega and Gum Arabic - - .

And of Money to be paid by the East India Company to complete £, 400,000

£, s. d.

5,200 ——

*5 15 100,000 ——

Deficiency of Way* and Means to answer the Services

Man?*

The Arrears of former Supplies remaining unpaid, for which Money is provided, are as follows; Vizf.

For the late African Company's Creditors

For Georgia Bills, Residue of £. 15,496. 19*. ijd.

5>100 ——

i-

93 9 4f

124,893 1

105,225 15

19,667 5 lll

£ % * d. 900 12 10 570 17 7i

£. 1,471 10 si

\o

o

170 Aprilis: A.17 % 1.

o

r

CO

p°

PI

WAYS and MEANS towards answering the ServScal} F&V

jr. S. d.

2,000,000 — -

750.000 -

12,000,000 ——

480.000 — —

288,346 19 8

757>o87 17 10

1,742,912 2 2 23,708 11 10 \

40,000 ——

By 4s. per Lib. on Land.

By the Duty on Malt, continued Amo 1781,

By Annuities.

By a Lottery.

By difoofable Money of the Sinking Fund, on the 5th of January 178*

By disposable Money of the said Siliking Fund, on the 5th of April 1781.

Out of the future Produce of the said Sinking Fund.

Remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th of April 1781, of the ?-7ths Exciser after satisfying the several Charges thereupon.

Remaining the re 011 D° of the Duties on Wines, granted A 1745, after referring sufficient to satisfy the Annuities on Single Lives charged there-

upon.

56,000 — — Remaining the re on D* of the Duties on Glass, after referring sufficient to satisfy the Annuities on Single Lives, granted A* 1746, charged thereupon.

16,879 6 8| Remaining in the said Exchequer for the Disposition of Parliament.

367,640 3 6£ Paid into the Exchequer, of the Balances in the Hands of fereral late Treasurers

of the Navy, and late Pay mailers of the Forces, directed by an Act 21* Georgii 3tU to be paid in there. Vide Particulars.

18,723 13 11 Balance of Account in the Hands of Sir William Howe, late Commander ia Chief in North America.

*>357 H — Balance of Account in the Hands of the Executors of Zachary Philip Fotmereaur Esquire, and Sir Merrick Burrell, Bart.

5,000 — — Paid into the Bxchequer by the Executor of John Richart^fibn, Esquire,.

late Agent to the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, being Part of £.8,848. is. 4jrf. the Balance of his Account. - *

772 8 6| Balance of Account in the Hands of Sir William Erskine.

2.000. 000 ----- -Advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England*

400,000 ----- --- To be paid by the East India Company, in full Discharge of the Claims-of the

Public to the Nett Profits which have accrued to the Company at Home, before the id of March 1781.

1.500.000 ----- -By Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the next Aids to be granted in Parliament.

1.900.000 — i By Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the next Aids to be granted in Parliament*

1.000. 000 ----- -By Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the next Aids to be granted in Parliament*.

5,200 ----- --- Out of Money on Account of Sale of Lands, fyc. in the Ceded Blands.

228 6 6 Out of Duties upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic.

id

o

tfl

o

PARTICULARS of the Sum of £, 367,640. 3s. 6jc£ paid into the Exchequer,.

on Account of Balances; Viz1.

By the Representative of the Right honourable Gcwgc Grenville, late Treasurer of the Navy ——

By the Right honourable Lord Viscount Barrington, late D° -

By the Right honourable Lord Viscount Howe, late D* ——

By the Representative of the Right honourable Sir Gilbert Elliot, late D* -By John Vowel, Esquire, Executor of the Right honourable Lord Holland, late Paymaster of the Forces -

By the Rep refen tative of the Right honourable Charles Townshend, lateD*'

By the Right honourable Lord North, and Rep refen tative of George Cooke, Esquire, late Joint D°- - -

By the Right honourable Thomas Toxvn/hcnd, and Representative of George Cooke, Esquire, late Joint Pay mailers ——

£. f.

11,582 15 9f 9,3*6 9 10J

9*969 — 4| 6,000 — —

232,515 4 8 27,000 — —

60,075 5 10

11,181 7 —

£ 367.640 3 6f

- - — ----- PTXEM3P

vl

o

a5.353.857 4 9

*9.667 5 11J Deficiency of Ways and Means.

25,373.524 *0 8J

Fiefented this 17th Day of 1784, by me,

C

5

Vo

00

W. Speer.

Ways and Means.

Hanover

Square

Paving.

Ashbome, &. c. Roads.

932

17° jtprilis.

Ordered, That the fair! Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. %

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Money remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1 782, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Surpluses, Excesses^ and Overplus Monies of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, after satisfy ing all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- mi 1 tee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolulion; which they had directed* him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow, Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

' Mr. Rung presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting Part of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex; and for removing and preventing Nuifauces and Annoyances therein: And the same was received; and read the Firfi Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Se corn! Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the High " Road leading from Ashborne, in the County of Der by, " to the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and " from Ryecroft Gale, upon Ru/hton Common, to Congleton, in the County of Chester, and also the Road " leading from Blythe Marsh, in the County of Staff " ford, through Chcadle, to Oakamoor and Blare, to " the Turnpike Road from Ashborne to Buxton, near " Thorp, in the County of Derby," so far as the same relates to the District of Road leading from Ashborne, in the County of Derby, to the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate, upon Ru/hton Common, to Conglclon, in the County of Chester> and of fev eral of the Creditors who have advanced Money upon the Credit of the Tolls arising within the said District, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth, viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Goodwin informed your Committee, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution thereof, so far as respects the District of Road from Ashborne to Congleton, and have borrowed several Sums of Money 16

upon the Credit of the Tolls; 4,7 \ % whereof now remains due; which cannot be paid off, nor the said Road completely repaired, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and some additional Powers granted.

That the Road from the End of Ashborne Church Yard to the Top of The Dig Street, in Ashborne (about Three hundred Yards in Length) is in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the Laws in being — That it would be of public Utility if the same was to be put under the Care of the said Trustees, and repaired by them.

And the Witness further said, That it would be for the Benefit of the said District and the County at large, if the Road leading between Hanging Bridge and the Half Way from thence to the Royal Oak at Spafh, in the County of Stafford, were added to and made Part of the said District between Ashborne and Conglclon, subject to such Provisions respecting the same as are contained in an Act of the Sixth of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " Road from High Bridges, in the County of Stafford, " to Uftoxeter, and from Spath, to Hanging Bridge, KK and from TewnaWs Lane to Yoxall Bridge, in the " said County Then,

An Act made in the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from Sandon, in the " County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in the County u of Chester, and from IItide?forte to Draycott in the n Moors, and from Wetley Rocks to Tean, in the said " County of Stafford f was read; by which it appeared, that One Fourth Part of the Tolls collected at a particular Gate, should be paid to the Trustees of the present Di(lri6fc: And,

Mr. Goodwin further said, That there is a Mistake in the said last mentioned Act, in reciting the Title of the before-mentioned A ft in which the present District is contained, which Mistake is proposed to be rectified in the Bill now applied for.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers'of so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the High Road leading from Ashborne, in the County " of Derby, to the Town of Leek, in the County of " Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate, u pon Rujhion Com-<c mon, to Congletoiiy in the County of ChtJler, and also <c the Road leading from Blyth Marsh, in the County of <c Stafford, through Cheadle, Oakamoor, and Blore, to Cf tlrc Turnpike Road from A/hborne to Buxton, near " Thorpu in the County of Derby," as relates to the District of Road between A/hborne and Con gleton; and for repairing the Road from the End of Ashborne Church Yard to the Top of The Dig Street in Ashboriie aforesaid: And that Lord George Cavendish and Mr. Cur-zon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itfel f into a Committee of the whole House, Affair*,

to consider further of the several Reports which have been made from the Committees of Secrecy appointed in the last and this present Session of Parliament, relating to the Affairs of the East India Company, he now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Howard took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Howard reported from the Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

ing

:ra£ls 1 by nbers.

bers o be erned in in Con-

Iminiftra-

»n of Juf-

:e inBengal

Supply,

22 Geo. III. i*?® — i8®

t

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to consider further of the said Reports

The House being informed that Mr. from the Office of Oidnance, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Lilt of all the Contracts now held by any Members of the House of Commons, which have been made with the Board of Ordnance, together with their Dates, and the Times at which such Contracts will expire.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for restraining any Person, being a Member of the House of Commons, from being concerned himself, or any Person in Trust for him, in any Contract made by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, the Commissioners of the Navy, the Hoard of Ordnance, or by any other Person or Persons for the Public Service, unless the said Contracts shall be made at public Bidding, was re-committed;

And the House being informed that some further Amendments are necessary to be made to the said BiH;

Jiefolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Lift of all Contracts now held by Members of the House of Commons, which have been made with the Commissioners of the Treasury, with the Dates and Times at which such Contracts will expire, bC referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of all the Contracts now held by any Members of the House of Commons, which have been made by the Commissioners of the Navy, for the Public Service, together with the Dates, and the Times at which such Contracts will expire, be refeiVed to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of all the Contracts now held by any Members of the House of Commons, which have been made with the Board of Ordnance, together with their Dates, and the Times at. which such Contracts will expire, be referred to the said Committee.

'1 hen the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Yonge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Yonge reported from the Committee, That

they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, i to consider of the several Reports which have been made from the Select Committees, appointed in the last and this present Session of Parliament, relating to the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bakar, and Orijfa.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the wholo

Vol. 38.

Aprilis. 933

House, to consider further of the Supply granted tc His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

4, ——

Jovis, 18° di Aprilis;

Anno 22® Georgii IIIm Regis, 1782. Prayers.

f\RDERFD, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and allotting in Severalty the Open and Common Fields and Dowms, Common Meadows, Common Pal-tures, and Commonable Places, within the Parish o; Kingston Deverill, in the County of Wilts, was committed, bo now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report intc further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee tc the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed tc by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Exe cution the several Acts of Parliament for paving cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, ane other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster and other Places therein mentioned, was presented t< the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Peti tioners are informed, that a Petition hath been presentec to the House from the Rector, Churchwardens, and Vef trymen, of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square in the City and Liberty of Westminster, and County 0 Middlesex, praying, that the Power of paving, cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and othe Places within the said Parish (except Berkley Square an Grosvernor Square, which are directed to be paved b particular Acts of Parliament, and also such Part c Piccadilly as is now singly under the Direction of th Commissioners) may be taken from the Petitioners, am vested in the said Rector, Churchwardens, and Vestry men; and representing to the House, that the Extent c the Jurisdiction, and the Sums which the Petitioners ar entitled to collect from the Whole of the Parishes am Places united under their Care, have hitherto enable* them to perform their Trust for the Public Benefit, am that if any particular Parish or Place is withdrawn fron the Petitioners Jurisdiction, from whence such genera Good has arisen, and from which each Individual Paris] and Place has been particularly benefited by being f united, such Separation mull, by contra6ling the Dil tridl, and reducing their general Fund, render the Pet tioners less capable to perform their Trust within th remaining Parishes and Places, and encrease the genera Expence therein respectively: And therefore praying That they may be heard, by themselves or Counfe against the Bill for separating the said Parish of Sail George, Hanover Square, from the Petitioners Jurisdictions, or that they may have such other Relief as th House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabl< until the Bill for better paving, cleansing, and liglitin Part of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, i the County of Middlesex, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, be read Second Time: And that the Petitioners be then beard

b

Ways and Means.

AfliWne, Ice. Roads.

Hard vn eke, lie. Roads.

934

i 8° Aprilis.

A i

by themselves or Counsel, against; the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee haddriefted him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was, read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Six hundred and Seventy thousand Seven hundred and Sixty Pounds, Eleven Shillings and Two Pence Three Farthings, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1782, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen of the Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Monies, and other Revenues composing the JFund commonly called The Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

' The said Resolution being read aSecondTime, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,44 An 4‘ Act for repairing and widening the High Road lead- ing from Ashborne, in the County of Derby, to the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and from 4* RyecroftGale upon Rushton Common, to Congleton, in 4C the County of Chester, and also the Road leading from Blyth Marsh, in the County of Stafford, through Cheadle, Oakamoor, and Blorc, to the Turnpike Road from Ashborne to Buxton near Thorp, in the County of 4< Derby," as relates to the District of Road between Ashborne and Co?igleton; and for repairing the Road from the End of Ashborne Church Yard to the Top of The Dig Street in Ashborne aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Scudamore reported from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of thefeveral Persons whose Names are thereunder subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had further examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterward* delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Walter Churchey being examined, said. That he knows the Roads leading from a Place called The Hardzoicke, in the Parish of Clifford, in the County of Hereford, to a Place called Windmill Hill, in the fume County, and from Vowchurch to Pontrilas, in the said County of Hereford, are in a very ruinous Condition, and deep and miry, and in some Places so narrow that Two Carriages cannot pass each other; that the repairing and widening the same will be of public Utility, but that the same cannot be done by the Laws now in Force.

Then an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,44 An Aftto continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Village of *4 Magor to the Bridge Foot in the Town of Chepstow, 20

44 in the County of Monmouth, and other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester, and for repajring and widening several other Roads adjoining to the said Roads," was read: And, .

Sir Edward Boughton, Baronet, informed your Committee, That the Road leading from The fjardwicke, in the Parish of Clifford, to or near a Place called Snowd-hill, in the Parish of Peter church, ax z a Part of the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act, but that the Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution, have not proceeded in the Repairs of the said Roads, and the same are still in a very ruinous Condition, and could be more effectually repaired and kept in Repair, if the same were added to, and made a Part of the Roads described in the said Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from a Place called The Hardzoicke, in the Pari fit of Clifford, to Windmill Hill, and from Vowchurch to Pontrilas, in the County of Hereford: And that Mr. Scudamore and Sir George Cornewall do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir George Yonge, according to Order, reported from Members not the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill t01?0' for restraining any Person, being a Member of the cer«m<!La$ House of Commons, from being concerned himself, or tra£?s. any Person in Trust for him, in any Contraft made by the Commissioners of His M a jetty's Treasury, the Coiu.-missioners of the Navy, the Board of Ordnance, or by any other Person or Persons for the Public Service, unless the said Contraft shall be made at a Public Biddin -was again re-committed; the Amendments whic h Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read thfe Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One 3 and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and aa Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be . ingrossed.

Mr. Hopkins reported from the Committee, to whom Brofeky;&c the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Small Debts within the Parishes of Brofeley, Benthall, Madeley,

Barrow, Linley, Willey, Little Wenlock, and Dawley, in the County of Salop, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed , him to report to th

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, 14 at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill 5 '

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Refolded, That the said Bill be re-committed to thq Committee to whom the same was committed.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Wryoroitt, an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His Roidi. present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Towns of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, and for repairing the Road leading from the Pa^ 'A rish of Warmwell, through the Parishes of Poxwelland Of-mington, to the Church in the said Parish of Ofmington, in the said County of Dorset, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads lead- > ing to and through the Towns of Weymouth add Mel-

corhbe

A<* or.inUl ration of J uf-ti*e m L5cn-&c.

Whale

Vifiicry.

Crkkhde

Elctfuuu

Committre on Coinage.

22 Geo. III. 18° — 190 935

cnifiht*. Rrgiawl Dorchester, in the County of Dorset and for repairing the Hoad leading from the Parish of Wanr.wcU, through the Pari (lies of Poxwell and Oftning-Utn, to the Church in the said Parish of Of ming ton, in the said County of Dorset.

Ordered, That Mr. Ewer do carry the Bill to the "Lords* and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolveitself into a Committee of the whole House, to considerof the fevejal Reports which have been made from the Select Committees appointed in the tail and this present Session of Parliament, relating to the State of the Admin dilation of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffd, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ehves took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ehves reported from the Committee, That they had madefomeProgress in the Matters to them referred; smd that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to contider further of the said Reports.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ilolford and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an additional Bounty on Ships employed in the Greenland and Whale Fishery, for a limited Time, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords do desire that this House will communicate to their Lordrtiips the Grounds and Evidence upon which they passed the Bill, intituled, An Act for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the Jiltftion of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Crichlade, in the County of Wilts.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The I Iotife proceeded to take into Consideration that Part of the MclTage from the Lords, which desires this House to communicate to their Lordships the Grounds and Evidence upon which they passed the Bill for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the Lleftion of Members to serve in Parliament for the Bore ugh of Crichlade, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That a Message be lent to the Lords, to acquaint their Lordships, That the Evidence upon which this House passed the said Bill, was the Minutes of the Examination taken upon Oath before the Select Committee, who were appointed (in pursuance of Two Acts passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament) to try an& determine the Merits of the Petition of Samuel Petrie, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Crichlade; which Evidence, in the Opinion of this House, did fully make out the Allegations contained in the said Bill; and that the House have dirtfted a printed Copy of the said Minutes to be delivered to their Lordships.

And the Messengers were again called in, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith; and a printed Copy of the said Minutes was delivered to them.

And then tfiey again withdrew.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Committee, who are appointed to enquire into the divers Expences incident to and attending the Coinage of Gold alloyed with Tin, and to report the Total of the said Expence to the House, That they do enquire into the Expences incident to and attending the Coinage of Gold alloyed . Vol. 38. v

with Regulus of Cobalt, and to report the Total of such Expence to the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House.

The other Order of the Day being read; Bill to enable

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole p^ewiti* House, to consider further of the Bill to enable His America. Majesty to conclude a Peace or Truce with the revolted Colonies in North America:

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 190 die Aprilis;

Anno 22* Georgii IIItlJ Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill for dividing, inclosing, and im- Holley proving the several Commons and Waste Grounds Inclosur*. within the Manor of Ilonley, in the Parish of Amnd-bury, in the County of York, and for abolishing or settling certain other Rights or Claims within the said Manor, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving the several Commons and W'afte Grounds within the Manor of II0nicy, in the Parish of A Imor.dbury, in the County of York, and foi abolifiling or settling certain other Rights or Claims within the said Manor.

Ordered, That the Lord Lewifiam do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the Shoreditch# Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Exe* trough f cution the several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Hackney, Roads from Shoreditch Church through Hackney to *oa<k* Stafford Hill, and cross Cambridge Ilcath over Bethnal Green to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found lhat the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bill, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table;!

Where the same was read; and is as felloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church through Hackney to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath over Bethnal Green to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex; and also an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his said Majesty, for continuing and amending the said former Act; and likewise an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the same Reigp, for further amending the first-mentioned Act, were read: And,

Mr.Richard Dan, Clerk to tlieTruft, being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Acts in Execution, and upon the Credit of the Tolls have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money, whereof a large Proportion remains unpaid; which Debt cannot be discharged, and the Roads completed, and in future* repaired, unless the said A ft? be further continued and amended, and some additional Tolls and other Powers granted — That the watering of the said Roads in dry Weather would be a great Convenience to Passengers —

11 F ‘ . 4 That

Limchou fe Streets.

Hanover

Square

Paving.

Souhwark Court of Record.

Weyhill, Re. Road.

p3 6 19'' Aprilis* 1782.

That the Road, in the Town of Hackney is narrow in some Places, and often annoyed, and the Passage made nutate, by the Hackney Coaches and other Carriages, which Hand in an irregular Manner; and that the making of some further Regulations respecting the same is necessary.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts, passed in the Eleventh, Twenty-sixth, and Twenty*ninth Years of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Shoreditch through Hackney to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath over Beth-nal Green to the Turnpike at Mite End, in the County of Middlesex; And that Mr. Byng and Mr. Alderman Wilkes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for paving, and freeing from Nuisances and Annoyances, the several Streets, Ways, and Places within the Parish of Saint Anne, Limehonfe, in the County of Middlesex, and Queen Street and London Street, in the Hamlet of Radclife, within the said Parish; and for making Carriage Ways into Rifuy's Rope Ground, and through Shoulder of Mutton Alley and Ropemakers Fields, to Three Colt Street, and from the Bridge in Rijbys Rope Ground into Three Colt Street aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Byng, Mr. Fox, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fire of the Clock^ in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill for belter paving, cleansing, and lighting Part of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, be read a Second Time upon ThurJ'day Morning? next.

Mr. Polhill reported from the Committee, to whom" the Bill for diminishing the Fees payable, and altering the Mode of Proceeding, in the Court of Record of the Town and Borough of Southwark, with respect to Debts and Damages under a certain V'alue, and for extending the Jur'lfdiction of the said Court, as to the Recovery of such Debts and Damages, to the several Parishes and Places within the Enftern Hulfftf the Hundred of Brixtmi, in the County of Suney, was committed ;That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed lam to report to the House; and he read the Report in hit* Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tables Where the Amendments were Once read throughout*; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

Mr, Jertoifc report cel from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the 'Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Weyhill, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Lyde Way, in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the finite to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once rend throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

18

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed,

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give i Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued, by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addreflesof this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's Most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an < Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account, {hewing* how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1781 has been disposed of, distinguistied under the several Heads, until the 17th Day of April 1782, and the Parts remaining unfntisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumecl the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Nezvnham do make the j?an Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit the ransoming of Ships or Vessels captured from His Majesty's Subjects, and of the Merchandize or Goods on board such Ships or Vef-sids, was committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be now received.

Mr. Alderman Nezcnham accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be leported to the House; and he read the Report iti his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk'sTable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to give further Time to Ships coming from Foreign Parts.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Jamet Land her reported from the Committee, to

whom

r>

Appleby, yAc. Road.

Laws respecting Houses of Correction.

Poor Relief and Employment.

Laws relocating Rogues and Vagabonds.

22 Geo. III. 19" April is.

937

An ingrossed [ Bill for retraining any Person, being a Member#not Member of the House of Commons, from being con- to concerned himself, or any Person in Trust for him. in any C65d Contraft made by the Commissioners of His Majesty'a

Treasury, the Commissioners of the Navy, the Board of Ordnance, or by any other Person or Persons for the Public Service, unless the said Contract shall be made at a public Bidding, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6.1. 15. After " who" to insert "hath or."

1. 16. After c< accepted,'* to insert " or who tc shall enter into or accept."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he.

An Act for restraining any Person concerned in any Contraft, Commission, or Agreement, made for the Public Service, from being elected, or fitting and voting as a Member of the House of Commons.

Ordered, That Sir liarbord Harbord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting in Severalty the Open and Common Fields and powns, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Kingston Deverill, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and allotting in Severalty the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, within th,e Parish of Kingston Dcverili, in the County of Witts.

Ordered, That Mf. Penruddock do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Kingston

Devcrill

Inclosure.

whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to putin Execution an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, u An Act " for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Appleby, in the County of Wepnoreland, through the Townlliip of Orton, to Kirby Kendal,

" and from Orton to the Turnpike Road near Shapp, " and from Ilighgale near Tebay, in a Part of the " Highway between Appleby and Kirby Kendal, through " the Town of Kirby Steven, to the 'Town of Market u Brough, in the said County," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as ' it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; and,

The Reverend Mr. John Wilson informed your Committee, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Repair of the said Roads, and borrowed the Sum of £ 11 s. upon the Credit of the Tolls, which Hill

remains due, together with an Arrear of Interest, amounting to £.815. 16 s. y\d.~AThat the said Money cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said A ft be further continued, and some additional Powers granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from u the Borough of Appleby, in the County of Wefimore-u land, through the Township of Orton, to Kirby Ken-€( daf, and from Orton to the Turnpike Road near " Shapp, and from Highgate near Tebay, in a Part of " the Highway between Appleby and Kirby Kendal, " through the Town of Kirby Steven, to the Town of " Market Brough, in the said County:" And that Sir James Loivther, Sir Michael I.e Fleming, and Mr.. James Lowther, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the Bill for the amending and rendering more effectual the Laws in being relative to Houses of Correction; which Bill was, upon the 13th Day of February last, reported from the Committee to whom the same had been committed;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

The House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor; which Bill was, upon the 27th Day of February last, reported from the Committee to whom the same had been committed;

Jiqlbived, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

The House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the Bill for amending and rendering more effectual the several Laws in being relative to Rogues, Vagabonds, Beggars, and other idle and disorderly Persons; which Bill was, upon the 11th Day of March last, reported from the Committee to whom the same had been committed;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committecl.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

You 3S.

The House, according to Order, resolved il.self into f.0* a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Retenue better securing the Freedom of Elections of Members Officers from to serve in Parliament, by disabling certain Officers voting, employed in the Collection or Management of His Majesty's Revenues from giving their Votes at such Elections.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Harbord Harbord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Harbord Harbord reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Harbord Harbord accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Confkteration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, ac- Sandiacre cording to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and Inclosure, inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Races, within the Lordship or *

Liberty of Sandiacre, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; tind read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Nolice

Bolaw

Inclosure.

190 — : Aprilis. A. 1782.

Notice being taken, tint the Rill for dividing and inclosing certafn Open Common Fields Meadows, Faf-tures, and other Commonable Landsand Grounds within the Township of Bo lam, in the Parish of Gainsford, in the County of Durham, which was upon Tiujday la (I read the First Time, and ordered to be read a Second Time, is not prepared agreeable to the Standing Orders of the House, of the 14th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament;

Ordered, That the said Rill be withdrawn.

Ordered That Leave be given to present a proper Bill intiead thereof.

w The other Orders of the Day being read:

and M«ins. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to llis Majesty.

Bill to enable Sefolved, That this House will, (lpon Monday Morn-

His Majesty i°g next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole to make House, to consider further of the Bill to enable His Peace with Majesty to conclude a Peace or Truce with the revolted America. Colonies in North America.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 20°die Aprilis;

Anno 22* Georgii IIP1*1 Regis, 1782. Prayers.

Northampton ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War-Writ. rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new

Writ for the ele&ing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Northampton, in the County of Northampton, in the room of the honourable George John Spencer, commonly called Lord Viscount Althorpe, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Edinbur h Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for City 8 preventing the Slaughtering of Cattle, and for remov-iropron'went. ing Nuisances, within the City and Liberties of Edinburgh; and for impowering the Lord Provost and the Magistrates to alter the Mode of giving Safines on Burgages, and for granting other Powers for the better Government of the said City, is committed, have Power to fend For Persons, Papers, and Records.

St. Cmhbert A Petition of William Helyar and Joanna Fry was fuduiure. presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Out-Parish of Saint Cuthbert in Wells, in the County of Somerset; and Setting forth, That by Indenture of Lease, bearing Date the 14th Day of December, 1771, and made between the Right Reverend Father in God Edward by Divine Permission Lord Billiop of Bath and JPells, of the one Part, and John Rock, then of Clojworth, in the County of Somerset, Esquire, sincedeceased, of the other Part, the said Lord Bishop did demise unto the said John Rock, deceased, a certain Close of Pasture, called Pen Furlong, at Sower Lands, containing by Estimation Twelve Acres, lying and being upon Mendip, in the said County of Somerset, and all that the Pasture or Pasturage of Pen Hitt upon Mend ip aforesaid, called by the Nameof Bishop's Slight,

for his Sheep there to be fed, together with tho Appurtenances, to hold the said Premisses with the Appurtenances unto the said John Rock, His Heirs and Afttgns, for and during the Natural Lives of him the said John Rock, the petitioner Joanna his then Wife, and John Helyar Rock his Son, and for and during the Life of every and either of them, longest living, of whom the Petitioner Joanna Fry> and the said John Helyar Rock, are now living; and that the said Lease was granted to, for, and upon the Uses and Trulls mentioned and declared in a Settlement made previous to the Marriage of the said John Rock, deceased, with the Petitioner the said Joanna Fiy; and that the Petitioner the said R /7-liam Helyar is the surviving Trustee in the said Settlement, and the Petitioner Joanna is entitled to the said Premisses for and during her Natural Life, and the Premisses after her Decease go equally atnougft her Four Children, Infants; and that the said Part or Trad of Mendip called Pen Hill, contains near 200 Acres:

And therefore praying, That if the said BiUfhouid pal's into a Law, that a proper Clause, or Clauses, may be added thereto, to secureto the Petitioners the said Part of Mendip called Pen Hill, the Pasture of which was lb granted as aforesaid, the said John Rock having paid to the said Lord Bishop a Fine or Consideration for the fame, anil paying, at this present Time, to the Lord Bishop of Rath and Wells, for the said Right of Pasture only, the Yearly Rent or Stun of Fourteen Shillings and Eight Pence, as will appear by the said Lease; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by tliemfeTves or Counsel, and that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed 5 and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, atthe same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Land Owners of the Town and Arkwright* Neighbourhood of Manchester in the County of Lan-caster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented by Richard Arkwrightiof Cromford, in the County of Derby, CottonManufacturer, for an Act to give him a further Term for the exclusive Use of certain Machines for Spinning Silk, Cotton,

Flax, and Wool, for which he obtained a Patent some Years ago; and that the Petitioners conceive, that an Extension of the Term as prayed, by the said Petition^ would very materially obftm&and diminish the Manufactures and Commerce of this Country, which ^must undoubtedly greatly affect the Estates and Property of the Petitioners, and would, as they apprehend, be attended with many other very disagreeable Consequences:

And therefore praying. That a Bill may not pass for the Purposes prayed by the said Petition.

Ordered That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,.until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Arkwright, of Cromford, in the County of Derby, Cotton Manufacturer, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Monday, Morning, Ten of the Clock.

22 Geo. III.

22

Lunce, 2 2° prills;

Anno 22° Georgii III'" Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

embers not f) R D E It E D, That Sir Phili/) Jennings Clerke do be con- G/ carry to the Lords, the ingrossed Bill for retraining 't'b!) Con- any Person concerned in any Contraft, Commission, or a,. Agreement, made for the Public Service, from being

elected, or fitting and voting as a Member of the House of Commons; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

I<rJwicke, Mr. Scudamore presented to the House, according ec. Roads, to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from a Place called The Hardwicke, in the Parish of Clifford, to Windmill and from to

Pontrilas, in the County of Hereford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

hicheftir The House being informed that Brinn Edwards, Election. Esquire, who has petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Flection and Return for the City of ChicheJ'ler, desires to withdraw his said Petition;

The House being also informed that the several Persons, Citizens of the City of who have

petitioned this House, likewise complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, desire to withdraw their said Petition;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Petitioners have Leave to withdraw their said several Petitions;

The House was moved. That the Standing Order of the House, of the 18th Day last, " That,

" whenever a Motion is made for Leave to withdraw " a Petition, complaining of an undue Election or "Return of a Member to serve in Parliament, the " Consideration and Debate thereof shall not be entered " upon immediately, but the same shall be adjourned " till such further Day as the House shall think fit to appoint, provided that Three Days, attheleall, shall " intervene between the Day on which such Motion " is made, and the said further Day so to be appointed," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Motion be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

The House was moved. That the several Orders made upon the 25th Day of March last, for taking into Consideration, Tomorrow, the Petition of Brian Edwards, Esquire; and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Citizens of the City of Chichester, resident within, and rated and contributing towards the Poor, and other Parochial and Public Taxes and Assessments of the said City, and also Electors of Representatives in Parliament for the same City, on Behalf of themselves and othe r Citizens of the said City Handing in the same Predicament, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly; Ordered, That the said Orders bedischarged. Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon this Day Sevennight, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Brofeley, tie, Mr. Richard Hill reported from the Committee, to Jniill Debts. whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Vot. 38.

Aprilis. 939

Madeley, Barron', Linley, Willey, Lillie and Dawley, in the County of Salop, was re-committed;

That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s'Fable; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put theie-upon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for diminifiling the Fees payable, Southwark and altering the Mode of Proceeding, in the Court of ot

Record of the Town and Borough of with vtt°r

rel'pest to Debts ami Damages under a certain Value, and for extending the Jurisdiction of thedaid Court, as to the Recovery of such Debts and Damages, to the several Parishes and Places within t he Eastein Half of the Hundred o ( Brixfun, in the County of Surrey, was

read the Third Time.

Rcf lved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Till# he, An Act for diminifiling the Fees payable, and altering the Mode of Proceeding, in the Court of Record of the Town and Borough of Southwark, with respect to Debts and Damages under a certain Value, and for extending the Juril'di6|ion of the said Court, as to the Recovery of such DebtsJj|^LI|adfages, to the several Parishes and Places wini^Wne Eastein Half of the Hundred of Brixton, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Mr. Polhill do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Byng presented to the House, according to Shoreditch, Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of several *Jro"Sh Acts, passed in the Eleventh, Twenty-sixth, and Twenty- Koucls!^* ninth Years of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Shoreditch, through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at

End, in the County of Middlesex: And the same was receivedand read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for amending and repairing the St. John's, Pavement in, and for lighting such of, the several 4'5-Streets, Lanes, Ways, and other Places, in the United Westminster Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint avltlg'

in Westminster, as are at present excluded from the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend and " render more effectual several Acts made relating to " paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets,

" Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty " of Westminster, and Parts adjacent;" and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in or near the fame, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for amending the Pavement in, and or lighting some of, the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Places in the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, in Westminster, which are at present excluded

from the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " amend and render more effectual several Acts made " relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares,

" Streets, Lanes, and other Places within the Cit y and " Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent;" and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in or near the fame; and for making an Opening from Orchard Street, and widening some Part of Wood Street, and of Little Peter Street.

Ordered, That Mr. Byng do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

/ 11 G 1 lie

1

1

1

94° 22® Aprilis. A. 1782.

Whiteparifli, The Lord Palmerston presented to the House, ac- of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that itc. Road. cor(jing to Order, a Bill to continue the Term and alter the Committee had gone through the Bill j and made the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se- him to report to the House; and he read the Report cond, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with " the Roads leading from a Pond belonging to Henri/ the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Eyre, Esquire, in the Parish of Whiteparish, in the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then County of Wilts, to the Top of Dunwood Hill, and a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questiou " from thence over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge, severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendthrough Romsey Infra, to Hundred Bridge, in the inents to One of them, agreed to by the House.

" County of Southampton, and from thence to the That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

County of the Town of SouthamptonAnd the ingrossed. same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by HijbW

His Majesty's Command, Radii*

Wapping Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom Estimate of the Expence of the New Roads of Com- "

poor and the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the munication, and of building the Bridges, in the High-

fitreets. Poor of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the lands of North Britain, for the Year 1782, pursuant

County of Middlesex, and for providing a proper to the Orders of the honourable Lieutenant General Workhouse and Burial Ground adjoining or near Mackay, commanding his Majesty's Forces in North thereto; and for opening certain Communications, Britain.

and making, widening, and paving certain Streets And the Title of the said Estimate was read, within the said Parish, and the Parish of Saint BotolphThe said Estimate is as followeth; viz. without Aldgate, in the said County, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations

HT

J

ffl

'll Geo. III.

£2

941

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the New Roads of Communication, arid of building the Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, for the Year 1782, pursuant to the Orders of the honourable Lieutenant General Alexander Mackay, commanding his Majesty's Forces in North

To a Party to work on the Road from Fort and the Isle of Sky; to

confitt of J Subaltern at 3 Shillings per Diem, 2 Serjeants at 1 Jh. each, 2 Corporals at 8 d. each, 1 Drummer and 40 Private Men at 6 d. each per Diem, for 92 Days Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, Underground Drains, Lime, and incident Expellees ——

To a Party to work on the Road from Fort William over the Black Mountain to Stirling, from Tyndrom to Inverary, and from Dalmalie to to consist of 1 Subaltern,

2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 1 Drummer, and 40 Private Men, at D® Rates, for 92 Days each ——

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Sic. ——

To a Party to work on the Road from Stirling, by Drummond in Lennox in Dumbarton; to confiit of 1 Subaltern, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 1 Drummer, and 40 Private Men, at D° Rates, for 92 Days each ——

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, &c. ——

To a Party to work on the Road from Stirling, by and Toy Bridge, to;

to confiit of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 24 Private Men, at D° Rates, for 92 Days each -Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Sic.- ——

To a Party to work on the Road from Invemefs, by and to Dalnacardoch;

to confiit of 1 Subaltern, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 1 Drummer, and 40 Private Men, at D" Rates, for 92 Days each ——

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Sic. ——

To a Party to work on the Line of Road from Fort through Stralhfpey, to

Barracks, BraemarCallle, and to Blairgoiorie and Cupar in Angus; to consist of 1 Subaltern, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 1 Drummer, and 40 Private Men, at D° Rates, for 92 Days each ——

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Sic. ——

To a Party to work on the Road from Dunkeld, by Blair in Athole, to Dalnacardochto con-fill of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 24 Private Men, at D° Rates, for 92 Days each -Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, 8fc- ——

To a Party to work from Dumbarton, up Lochlomond Side, to Tarbett and Inverary, and through Glenfallacliand Glenfruan to the Junction of the Road with the Black Mount

Road; to confiil of 1 Subaltern Officer, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 1 Drummer, and 30 Private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, for 92 Days each ——

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Sic. ——

To a Party to work on the Road in Glenap, between Ballantree and j to consist of

2 Subalterns, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 2 Drummers, and 60 Private Men, at D® Rates, for 92 Days each ——

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Sic. -

To the New Road from Port Patrick to the River of Sark, and to the Harbour of Port Patrick ——

To Ensign M( Corkell, William Taylor, Alexander Macleod, and David Roberf/on, Overseers

BRIDGES.

To build 1 Arch of 24 Feet, in Glenap - -

To D° i D° of 22 Feet, in Ditto ——

To D® 1 D® of 16 Feet, in Ditto ——

To D® 6 Arches of 10 Feet each, in Ditto ——

To rebuild 1 Arch of 32 Feet, near Pitmean ——

To rebuild 1 D® of 10 Feet, near Dunkeld ——

To build 1 D® of 10 Feet, in Glenfallach ——

To repair several Bridges upon the Line of Road from Stirling by Crees, Dalnacardoch, and Pitmean, to Invemefs - -

To repair Bridges upon the Line of Road from Fort William towards Invemefs, and from Bemera by Fort Augustus over Corriarick to Dalwhinny ——

To repair Bridges upon the Line of Road from Stirling by Lochernhead over the Black Mountain to Fort William -

To repair Bridges upon the Line of Road from Cupar in Angus, by Blairgowrie, Btaemar Callle, Corgarff Barracks, and through Stratto Fort George -To repair Bridges upon the Line of Road from Dumbarton by Lufs, Inverary, and through Glenfallach and Glenfruan to Tyndrom ——

To repair the Foundation of Dumbarton Bridge . - -

To complete the Road called the Pafs of Pease, being one of the great Military Communications between South and North Britain *----

War Office,

22d April 1782.

Tho. Town/hendf

Vol. 38.

Total -

£ s. d.

123 8 8

45 — —

123 8 S

70 *

123 8 8

80 — —

70 10 8

40

123 8 8

75

i*3 8 81

80 —

70 10 8

45

100 8 8

5°

185 IO 8

140 ——

O O — —

100

130 4

90 5 6

66 5 6

180 6 —

I30 8 6

*5 2 6

*7 7 6

200 5

180 6 6

170 8 6

196 7 6

187 10 6

96 — —

4,830 1 6

1,000 — —

5^30 1 6

Ordered,

Piddington and Hackle-tonlnclosure.

Creaton

Inclcfure.

Newcastle under Lyme Inclosure*

Supply.

Exportation of Hop*.

Quartering Soldiers in Winchester during Election?.

942 220 Aprilis." ' A. 1782.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Year ofllis present Majesty's Reign: And that Mr.

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Fenton, Mr. L/ovel Stanhope, and Mr. Putteney, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Potvys presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Ordered, That Mr. George Box do attend this House Hanover

Opeu and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Com- upon Thursday Morning next, upon the Second Read- 6<l'larc mon Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and ing of the Bill for better paving, clean sing, and lighting ^ving' Grounds of and within the Manors and Liberties of Part of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in Piddington and Hackleton, in the Parish of Piddington, the County of Middlesex, and for removing and prein the County of Northampton: And the same was re- venting Nuisances and Annoyances therein, ceived; and read the First Time. Ordered, That Mr. Christopher Fowler do attend this

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. House, at the same Time, /

Ordered, That Sampson Wright, Esquire, do attend Mr. Powys presented to the House, according to this House, at the same Time.

Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Ordered, That Mr. John Marquand do attend this

Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common House, at the same Time.

Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds Ordered, That Mr. David Forrejier do attend this

of and within the Parish of Great Creaton, in the House, at the same Time.

County of Northampton, and the Hamlet of Little Ordered, That Mr. Malcolm Black do attend this Creaton, in the Parish of Spratton, in the said County: House, at the same Time.

And the same was received; and read the First Time. Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gaiothorp do attend this

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Saxon, Y efiry Clerk of the A Bill for inclosing and leafing a Piece of Waste Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, do attend this Land called The Marsh, within the Borough of New- House, at the same Time, with the Original Poors castle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford; and ap- Rates of the said Parish for 1770, 1779, 1780, 1781, plying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rates of and 1782.

the said Borough, was read a Second Time. Ordered, That Mr. John Aitftin, Clerk to the Paving

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, Committee of the said Parish, do attend this House, at the Lord Trentham, &c.: And they are to meet this the same Time, with the Minutes of the said Com-Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's mittee, from their first Appointment, to the present

Chamber. Time.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the The House was moved. That an Act, made in the importation Committceof the whole House, to whom it was referred Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, of Foreign to *consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma- intituled, "An Act for furthercontinuing an Act, passed g^u&ht jesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed " in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, him to report to the House; which he read in his " intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Importation of Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's " Foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited Table: Where the same was read, and is as follow- " Time, and for preventing unlawful Combinations of eth, viz. " Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture," might

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, be read.

That a Sum not exceeding Nineteen thousand Six hun- And the same being read accordingly; dred and Sixty-seven Pounds Five Shillings and Eleven Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for PenceThree Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to further continuing the said Act made in the Sixth Year make good the Deficiency Of tht Grants for the Service of His present Majesty's Reign: And that Mr. Strachey, of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty- Mr. Ord, and Mr. Burke, do prepare, and bring in, one. the fame.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so Ashborne, I louse. much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign &c*

of His prOfent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repair-

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re. " ing and widening the High Road leading from Afi-solveitfelfintoa Committeeof the whole House, upon the " borne, in the County of Derby % to the TownofLr^,in Bill for encouraging the Exportation of Hops of British " the Countvof Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate, upon Growth to and for Ireland, by Way of Merchandize; Rufiton Common,'to Congleton, in the County of CheJ-

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se- " ter, and also the Road leading from Blyth Marsh, in vennightj resolve itself into the said Committee. " the County of Stafford, through Cheadle, Oakamore,

" and Blare, to the Turnpike Road from Ashbcrne to The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Buxton, near Thorp, in the County of Dei'by," as retail Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act fore on- Jates to the District of Road between Ashborne and Continning an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the gleton; and for repairing the Road from the End of Ash- .

" Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act Church Yard to the Top of The Dig Street, \oAsh

<c for exempting the City of Winchester, the County of borne aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

" Southampton, the Town of Shreivsbury, and the County Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George of Salop, out of the Provisions of an Act, made in Cavendish, Lord George A ugujius Henry Cavendish, &c.: the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the " King George the Second, intituled.<c An Act for re- -Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. c< gulating the Quartering of Soldiers during the Time -

" of the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament," Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply. " so far as the same relates to the Removal of Troops to resolveitself into a Committee of the whole House, to during the Elections of Members to serve in Parlia- consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty,

" ment, for a limited Time," might be.read.. be now read.

And the same being read accordingly; And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Addi-

further continuing the said Act made in the Twentieth tionals to Three Regiments of Foot, and of formihgOne 22 Regimept

o

Committee on Coinage.

Appleby, ice. Road.

East India Affairs.

22 Geo. III.

220 — 23°

94l

Regiment under the Command af Major General Staart Douglas, for the respective Times within mentioned, in the Year 1782, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved iti'elf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Strachey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Strachci)reported from the Committee, That

they had come to a Kesolution; which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morn in".

Mr. Strachey also acquainted the House, That he was

directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed toconsider of the St ate of the Coinage of Money in this Kingdom, and the Expences incident thereto; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of the Lord Mahon, Mr. Huffey, Mr. Elwes, Sir George Mr.

Dempster, Mr. Hartley, Mr. Smith, Mr. Rous, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Ewer, Sir Savile, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Sir Mr.

Gilbert, Mr Strahan, Sir William Guise, Mr. Scott, Sir

James Penny man, Mr. Staunton, Sir Herbert Mackworlh, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Maflerman, Mr. ,the Earl

Verney, Mr Eyre, Mr. Pidteney, Mr. I inchin, Mr. Byng, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Mr.

Alderman Saw bridge, Mr. Stanhope,

Sir AdamFerguJJbn, Mr. Duncombe, Sir Richard And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House.

S\r James Lordlier presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Road from the Borough of Appleby, in the County of Westmoreland, t hrough the Township of

" Orton, to Kirby Kendal, and from Orton to the Turnpike Road near Shapp, and fresh near Tebay

" in a Part of the Highway between and Kirby

"Kendal, through the Town of Kirby Steven, to the " Town of Market Brough, in the said County And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Reports which have been made from the Committees of Secrecy appointed in the last and this present Session of Parliament, relating to the Affairs of the East India Company.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Howard took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Hoivard reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Reports.

VOL. 38.

Ways and Mean;.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday,

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-' Bill to enable ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole His Msjetty House, toconsider further of the Bill to enable His Majesty to conclude a Peace or Truce with the revolted America; Colonies in North America.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 2 30 die Aprilis;

Anno 22* Georgii IIP* Regis, 1782. Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better securing the Duties payable by virtue of an Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, on the Importation of Coals, Culm, and Cinders, into the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for reviving and continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening,

" and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near " to the Town of Tenbury, in the Counties of Salop, " Worcester, and Hereford," and for amending and

keeping in Re(»ir the Roads leading from the Knoiole Gate to the Turnpike Road on The Clee Hill, leading from Ludlow to Cleobury and from

Alill to the Turnpike Road leading from Bromyard to Tenbury, in the said Counties; without any Amendment.: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the WillerjleyTurnpike Road near Parton,

to Alonkland Alill, and from the Turnpike Road on Fair Alile Field to the Turnpike Road at Broad Heath, and from the Turnpike Road at or near The Fords Bridge to the Turnpike Road near Stockton, and from Kyre Common to the Turnpike Road at Grendon Green, in the Counties of Hereford and Worcester-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lards have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Hertford, late the Filal e of John Lord Monson, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold and disposed of, in and for the Payment of his Debts and certain of the Legacies and Portions given by his Will and Codicil, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Strachey presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Copies of Lists of Warrants granted by the Commanders in Chief in Canada upon the Deputy Pay-masters there, and transmitted to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasur}', from the 2?.d November 1780 to the 23d October 1781, inclusive: And also. Copies of Lists of Warrants granted by the Commanders in Chief in North America upon the Deputy Paymasters there, and transmitted to the Lords C'om-

11 II miltionera

Coals imported into Great Yarmouth.

Tenbury

Roads*

Parton, arc. Road.

Lord

Monson*#

Estate.

American Pay maH ers 'Warrants.

Ditto*

944

2 3° Aprilis. 1782.

Buildings a Somerset House.

missioners of His Majesty's Treasury, from the id of January to the 31st December 1781, inclusive: And also.

An Estimate of the Sums wanted to pay Arrears due, and to carry on the necessary Works, at the new Offices eroding on the Scite of Somerset House, during the Course of the Year 1782.

And the Titles of the Books containing the said Copies, and the Title of the said Estimate, were read.

The said Books are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Eliimate is as followeth; viz.

An ESTIMATE of the Sums wanted to pay Arrears due, and to carry on the necessary Works at the new Offices erecting on the Scite of Somerset House, during the course of the Year 1782; viz.

To pay Arrears due to Tradesmen at Christmas 1781; exclusive of what remains of the Sum

voted for the Service of the Year 1781 - - about

To cover in the River Front, containing the Navy, Stamp, and Salt Offices, and to raise the East and Welt Sides of the great Court, containing the Pay Office, Sick and Hurt Office, Ordnance Office, Auditors of Imprefts, Tax, Pipe, Treasurer's Remembrancers, Surveyor General of Crown Lands, Dutchies of Lancaster and Cornwall's Offices, will-amount to about ——

s. d.

1,000 ——

24,000 ——

Total wanted for tke Service of 1782

£ ft-

25,000 ——

William Chambers.

Ordered, That the said Books and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Game Law?. Mr. Rofezvarne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prevent Persons going disguised, or with Arms or offensive Weapons in the Night Time, in any Place except on the King's Highway, for the Purpose or under Pretence of killing Game: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Quartering of the Minorca Troops.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to make Provision for the Quartering of certain Foreign Troops, lately employed in His Majesty's Service in the Defence of the Island of Minorca, and expected to arrive soon in this Kingdom: And that Mr. Secretary at War and Mr. Frederick Montagu do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Wapping Mr. Byng presented to the House, according to Streets. Order, a Bill for explaining and amending Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for paving Wapping Street, in the County of Middlesex, and the several Streets and Pall ages leading into the fame, and for other Purposes; and the other, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, lor opening Communications between Wapping Street and Ralcliffe Highway, and between Old Gravel Lane and Virginia Street, and for paving certain Streets in the Parishes of Saint George and Saint John of Wapping, in the said County, and for other Purposes; and for extending the Provisions of the said A els to other Parts of the said Parishes; and also for opening certain other Communications within the said Parish of Saint George: And the same was received; ajid rend tine First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, ac-2 2

cording to , Order, a Bill to make Provision for the quartering of certain Foreign Troops lately employed in His Majesty s Service in Defence of the Island of Minorca, and expected to arrive soon in this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, pafifed in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Weyhill, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Lyde Way, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Weyhill, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Lyde Way, in the County of Wills.

Ordered, That Mr. Jervoise do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Johnston presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Township of Bolam, in the Parish of Gainford, in the County of Durham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pnttures, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Lordshipor Liberty of Sandiacre, \n the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Frederick Montagu> &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr.

t

Quartering of the Minorca Troops.

Wevhiil.&c.

Road.

Bolara

Inclosun;.

Sandncre

luclosure.

Forfar

le^iiuu.

upply.

''inflone

iclosure.

fttons

bling

/enuc

cers

n voting.

linistration [ iftice cngal,

& .

.22 Geo. III. 230

Mr. Elioes, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Sir David Carnegie, of , Baronet,

complaining of an undue Election and Return lor the Shire of Forfar, informed the House, That the said Sele# Committee have determined.

That Archibald Douglas, Esquire, is duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Forfar.

And the said Determination was ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Mr. Strachey, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was retim'd to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Kesolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follower!); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thonfandSix hundred and Seventy-five Pounds Ten Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying thtjk barge of Additional to Three Regiments of Foot, and of forming a Regiment under the Command of Major General Stuart Douglas, from their respective Commencements to the Twenty-fourth Day of One thousand

Seven hundred and Eighty-two.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Sir William Quife presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Paliures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Winstone, in the County of And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, by disabling certain Officers employed in the Collection or Management of His Majesty's Revenues from giving their Votes at such Elections, was committed.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill, willrthe Amendments, be ingrafted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

(Mr. Crewe,

I Sir 11 arbor d Harbo \ Mr. Rojcwarne,

I Sir Francis Raji'et:

rd

1

5

94-1 2.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That, the said Bill be read the Third Time upon ThurJUayMorning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

A Petition of Laurence S Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Sele# Committee appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orifjc, and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House, with their Observations thereon, hath made a Report to the House, in which there are sundry Charges against the Petitioner; and (as the Petitioner is informed) sundry Resolutions are proposed to be moved thereupon; and that the said Report and proposed Resolutions are injurious to the Petitioner's Character, and, as the Petitioner Yoi. 33.

conceives, are ill founded and erroneous: And there fore praying. That he may he heard, by himself or hi Counsel, in his Defence, upon the said Charges, befoii any Resolution shall be permitted to pat's thereon. I

OrderedJWvxt the said Petition do lie upon the TabU

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, F.s t raids of Letters from the Court of Directors of the India Company to the President and Council a:d President and Select Committee of Fort Saint George: also Extract of Letter to the Nabob; viz. Extract o General Letter tp Fort Saint George, dated i ith Jani 1777, Paragraphs ioth and 29th; Extract of Letter t< the Select Committee of Fort Saint George, dated loti April 1778, Paragraphs ift, 2d, 3d, 4th, and 6th; Exl tract of General Letter to Fort Saint dated iotfc

April 1778, Paragraph 5th; Extract of General Lettel to Fort Saint George, dated 4th February 1779, Bara* graph Gth; Extract of Letter to the Sele# Committee at Fort Saint George, dated 13th 1780, Para-

graphs 2d, 3d, 4th, 5th, and 6th; Extract of Letter to the Select Committee of Fort Saint George, dated 1 ith January 1781, Paragraphs 38th, 39th, 40th, and 4: ft 3 Extract of General Letter to Fort Saint George, dated 1 ith January 1781. Paragraphs 23d, 24th, and 35th; Extra# of Letter to the Nabob, dated 12th January 1781; Extra# of General Letter to Fort Saint,

dated 2d February 1781, Paragraphs 20th, 21ft, 2cd,

23d, and 24th.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies and Extracts of Letters from the President and Council and President and Select Committee at Saint George; also Letters from Sir Thomas and Sir Eyre Cooteto the Court of Directors; viz. Extract of Letter from the President and Council at Fort Saint George in their Revenue Department to the Court of Directors, dated 25th January 1775, Paragraph 10th; Extract of Letter from the President and Council at Fort Saint George in their Revenue Department,

dated 15th February 1775, Paragraph 2d; Extract of Letter from the President and Council at Saint George in their Military Department, dated 19th -tember 1777, Paragraphs 16th and 17th; Extra# ol Letter from the President and Council at Fort Saint George in their Military Department, dated

1777, Paragraph 3d; Extra# of Letter from the President and Council at Fort Saint George in their Military Department, dated 14th March 1778, Paragraph 24th; letter from the President and Council at Saint George\n their Revenue Department, dated 17II1 October 177S; Extra# of Letter from the President and Select Committee at Fort Saint George, dated 17th

1778, Paragraphs 4th, 5th, 12th, 2 ill, 22ft, 23d, 2 jth, 25th, 51ft, r^d, 53d, 64th, 65th, 66th, 67th, and 68th: Letter from Sir Thomas Rumbold to the Chairman of the

East. India Company, dated 31st October 1 778; Extract of letter from the President and Self# Committee at Fort Saint George, dated 2d November 1778, Paragraph 5th; Letter fre/m the Sele# Committee at Saim George, dated 9th January 1770; Letter from Sir Thomas Rumbold to the Chairman and Secret Committee ol

the East India Company, dated 16th January 1779: Letter from Sir Eyre Coote to the Chairman and Secret Committee of the East India Company, dated 18th January 1779; Extra# of Letter from the President am: Sele# Committee at Fort Saint George, 13th

1779, Paragraphs 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th, 1 ith, 12th 13th, 14th, 1.5th, 16th, 17th, 21 ft, 22d, 23d, 24th 25th, 35th, and 36th. N. R. Signed by Sir Eyre Coote-. Letter from Sir Thomas Rumbold to the Chairman and Secret Committee of the East India Company, dated 15th March 1779; Extra# of Letter from the President and Council at Fort Saint George in their Revenue Department, 15th March 1779, from Paragraph ill te 13th, inclusive; Letter from Sir Thomas Rumbold to the Chairman and Seen t Committee of the Indie

Company

Bail India Affairs.

946 2 30 Aprilis. 1782*

Company, dated 154th March 1779; ^e^er from Sir Thomas Ihimboldto the Chairman and Secret Committee of the £<r/2 India Company, dated 8th April 1779; Letter from Sir Thomas It am bold to the Chairman and Secret Committee of the Fuji India Company, dated '2ii\ April 1770; Extract of Letter from the President and Council at For! Saint George in their Revenue Department, dated 14th October 1779, Paragraph loth; Extract of Letter from the President and Select Committee at Fort Saint George, dated 14th October 1779, Paragraphs 12th, 13th, 23d, 26th, 27th, 28th, 29th, 30th, 31st, 32d, and 33d; Letter from Sir Thomas llumbold to the Court of Directors, dated 7th February 1780; Extract of Letter from the President and Select Committee at Fort Saint George, dated 12th February 1780, Paragraphs 5U1, 6th, and 7th; Extract of Letter from the President and Select Committee at Fort Saint George, dated 3d April 1780, Paragraphs ift, 2d, 3d, 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th, nth, nth, 13th, 14th, 15th, 17th, i8tly, 19th, 20th, 21ft, 22d, 23d, 24th, 39th, 57th, 58th, 59th, 66th, 71ft, and 72d; Extract of Letter from the President and Council at Fort Saint George in their Revenue Department, dated 4th April 1780, Paragraphs 2d, 3d, 4th, .5th, 6th, and t)th; Extract of General Letter from the President and Council at Fort Saint George, dated 4th April 1780, Paragraph nth 5 Extract of Letier from the President and Select Committee at Fort Saint George, dated 9th January 1781, Paragraphs 76th, 77th, 78th, 79th, 80th, 8ill, 82d, 83d, 84th, 85th, 86th, 87th, 88th, 89th, 90th, 91ft, and 93d; Extract of Letter from the President and Select Committee at Fort Saint George, dated 17th February 1781, Paragraph 2d; Letter from Sir Thomas Rumbold to the Court of Directors, daled 19th April 1781, with the Papers therein mentioned, numbered 1, 2, and 3.

Ordered, That there belaid before this House, Extracts of Proceedings of the President and Council at Fort Saint. George, in their Revenue Department; viz. Extracts of the Proceedings of the Board of Revenue, dated 6th February 1775; Extract of Foi't Saint George Revefiue Confutations, the 26th February 1777; Extract of Fort Saint George Revenue Confutations, the 24th June 1777; Extract of Fort Saint George Revenue Confutations, the 18th November 1777; Extract of Fort Saint George Revenue Confutations, the 15th May 1778; Extract of Fort Saint. George Revenue Confutations, the 9th August 1778; Extract of Fort Saint George Revenue Confutations, the 10th August 1778; Extract of Fort Saint George Revenue Confutations, the 10th October 1778; Extract of Fort Saint George Revenue Confutations, the iSth November 1778; Extract of Fort Saint George Revenue Confutations, the 20th November 1778; Extract of Fort Saint George Revenue Confutations, the 20th April 1779; Extract of Fort Saint George Revenue Confutations, the 13th July 1779; Extract of Fort Saint George Revenue Confutations, the 25th August 1779; Extract of Fort Saint GeorgeRevcnue Confutations, the 15th September 1779; Extract of Fort Saint George Revenue Confnl-tations, the 17th September 1779; Extract of Fort Saint George Revenue Confutations, the 31st October 1779; Extract of Fort Saint George Revenue Confutations, the 12th November 17 79; Extract of Fort Saint George Revenue Confutations, the 24th November 17795 Extract of Fort Saint George Revenue Confutations, the 29th November 1779; Extract of Fort Saint George Revenue Confutations, the 17th December 1770; Extract of Fort Saint George Revenue Confutations, the 2-d December 1779; Extract of Port Saint George Revenue Confutations, the 31st December 1779; Extract of Fort Saint George Revenue Confutations, the 15th April 1780; Extract of Fort Saint George Revenue Confutations, the 3d November 1780; Extract of Fort Saint George Revenue Confutations^ the 9th December -1780.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extracts of Proceedings of the President and Council at Fort Saint George in their Military Department, and of the President and Select Committee; viz. Extract of Fort Saint George Military Confutations, ihe 1 otli March 1777; Extract of Fort Saint George Military Confutations, the 2lit April 1777; Extract of Fort Saint Gcarg^Military Confutations, the 1 tfhjune 1778; Extract of Fort Saint George Military Consultations, the 23th June 1778; Extract of Fort Saint George Military Confutations, the 26th June 1778; Extract of Fort Saint George Military Confutations, the 6th July 1778; Extract of Fort Saint George Military Confutations, the \7\X\J1dy 1778; Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confutations, the 22d July 1778; Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confutations, the 26th July 1778; Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confutations, the 30th July 1778; Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confutations, the 2d August 177S; Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confutations, the 5th August 1778; Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confutations, the 7th August 1778; Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confutations, the 9th August 1778; Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confutations, the 19th September 1778; Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confutations, the 12th November 1778; Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confutations the 4th January 1779; Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confutations, the 5th January 1779; Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confutations, the 18th February 1779; Extract of Fart Saint George Select Confutations, the 2 2d February 17795 Extract of Fort Saint George Select Consultations, the 26th February 1779; Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confutations, the 23d April 1779 5 Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confutations, the 24th April 17795 Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confutations, the 17th May 1 779; Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confutations, the 31st May 17795 Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confutations, the ift July 17795 Extract of Port Saint George Select Confutations, the 3d July 1779; Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confutations, the 19th July 1779; Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confutations, the 29th July 17795 Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confutations, the 13th September 17795 Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confutations, the 27th September 1779; Extract of Fort Saijit George Select Confutations, the 8th October 17795 Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confutations, the 18th October 17795 Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confutations, the 23d October 17795 Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confutations, the 6th December 1779; Extract of Fort Saint George Select Co nful tat ions, the 14 th December 17795 Extract of /dwY£W;?/GVy?£cSelect Confutations, the 31st December 1779 j Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confutations, the 1 ft January 1780; Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confutations, the 6th Januuiy 1780; Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confutations, the 14th January 1780; Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confutations, the 31st January 1780 5 Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confutations, the ift February 1781; Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confutations, the 4th February 1780 5 Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confutations, the 18th February 17805 Extract of Fort Saint George Select Co nful tr.-tions, the 2ift February 1780 5 Extract. of Fort Saint George Select Confutations, the 13th March 17 80; Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confutations, the 21st March 17So 5 Extract of Fort Saint George Select Con-, fultations, the 24th March 1780; Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confutations, the ift April 1780; Extract of Fort Saint George Select Confutations, the 2d April 1780.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies and ExtraCls of Country Correspondence, also 16 Commissions

East India A flail?.

22 Geo. III. vf — i^Jprilis. 947

Commissions of Rajahship to Meerjah Rajar Maar-femah Guzziputty Rauze Behander and Meerjah Rajah Vizieram Rauze Behauder Zemindarviz. Ext raft of a Letter from Governor Rumbold to the Nabob, dated 3d April 1778; Extract of Letter from Governor Rumbold to the Nabob; Extract of Letter from Governor Rumbold to the Nabob; Letter from the Nabob to Governor Rumbold, dated 9th July 1778; Letter from Governor Rumbold to the Nabob, dated 23d 1778; Letter

from the Nabob to Governor Rumbold, dated 25th March 1780, with the several Letters therein mentioned; Commission of Rajahship to Rajah Maarfemah

GuzziputtyRauze Behauder, dated November 1778: Commission of Rajahship to Meerjah Rajah Vizieram Rauze Behauder Zemindar, dated 23d 17744

Balance of Fort Saint George Treasury Accounts, for November and December 1779, and 4th April 17S0.

aft India The IToufe being informed that Mr. from the Affairs. United Company of Merchants of England trading to The EaJ't Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Extracts of Letters from the Court of Directors to the President and Council, and President and Select Committee of F Saint also, Extract of Letter to the Nabob: And also,

N° 2. Copies and Extracts of Letters from the President and Council, and President and Select Committee at Fort Saint George; also. Letters from Sir Thomas Rumbold and Sir Eyre Coote to the Court of Directors: And also,

N° 3. Extracts of Proceedings of the President and Council at Fort Saint G,in their Revenue Department: And also,

N° 4. Extracts of Proceedings of the President and Council at Fort Saint George, in their Military Department, and of the President and Select Committee: And also,

N° 5. Copies and Extracts of Country Correspondence; also, Commissions of Rajahship to Meerjah Rajah Maarfemah Guzziputty Rauze Behauder and Meerjah Rajah Vizieram Rauze Behauder Zemindar.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

An-I the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 24*;

Anno 22° Georgii IIP1' Regis, 1782. Prayers.

Hanover A PETITION of the principal Inhabitants of Old Square and Nero Bond Street, in the Parish of Saint George,

Paving. Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, for taking the present Power of paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Parish o Hanover Square, out of the Hands of the Commissioners appointed for that Purpose by several Acts of Parliament, and vesting the same in the Rector, Churchwardens, and Vestrymen of the said Parish; and alleging, that Old and New Bond Street were paved under the Direction of the said Commissioners, by virtue of VOL. 38.

an optional Clause in an Act fnade in the Fiflh Yenr of His present Majesty, ever since which they have been at a very great Expence in paving and repairing the said Street, and have incurred a Debt of 6;oooo, and are now rated at Three Shillings in the Pound for the Purposes aforesaid; and that the Petitioners apprehend the said Streets might be paved, cleansed, and lighted, at a more moderate Expence, under the Direction of the said Rector, Churchwardens, and Vestrymen, than under the Management of the said Commissioners: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor the Purposes aforesaid, and that the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting Part of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Exe- Hanover cution the several Acts of Parliament for paving, Square cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Paving, other Places within the City and Liberty of and other Places therein mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting Part of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners have fecn the Evidence upon which the said Bill is founded, and deny some of the Facts therein stated; and beg Leave to represent to the House, some Reasons why they presume, upon the general Idea of Benefit arising to the several Parishes and Places comprized in the general Paving Commission, that no Parish should be suffered to separate itself from the others, more particularly the Parish of George,

Hanover Square, that being one of the fargest and most opulent, and having paid the least Regard to the Terms and Directions of the general Paving Acts, over which the Petitioners preside; that, if the said Bill pafles, the Petitioners Power, as Trustees for the Streets called Optional Streets, ceases, and they will beunderno other Care but that of a Parish Committee, and of course the Securities of the Mortgages will be weakened; that the Committee established by the Paving Act of the Eleventh of His present Majesty, for the said Parish, have been continually negligent of their Duty, and the Petitioners are frequently obliged to call upon them to mend the Pavements, cleanse, and other Matters which are most shamefully neglected until they are so called upon; that the said Committee have neglected, though often called upon by the Petitioners, to lay before them their Accounts of Money rated, collected, and in Arrear, in the Parish, as the Act directs; that the Accounts of the Committee are kept in a very imperfect and confused State, and the Petitioners doubt not to prove, that Sums of public Money have been misapplied; that the Committee have made the Rates to the Amount of £.50,000, and borrowed upwards of £. 41,000 on the Credit of the Rates, or Part of them, and have never given the Petitioners an Account thereof, in Manner directed by the said Act of the Eleventh of His present Majesty; and that the ciif-uniting the said Parish lrom the general Commission mull throw a great additional Expence upon the other Parishes and Places under the < etitiouers Care; and that the Poor's Rates in the said Parish, by wuich the Paving Rates are regulateu, are made in a very fallacious and unfair Manner, many Houses not being rated at more than One-half, and a great many at not more than One fourth Part of their Rent; and the Petitioners beg Leave to observe that if other Parishes and Places had taken the Example shewed them by the Parish of

Saint George, no Parish could have been properly paved

11 I and

94^ *4° -4

and regulated, and tins has been one great Cause why the Parish of Saint George has not been paved in so proper a Manner, and with such good Materials, as it ought to have been, and also why it is not yet completed; and that the Petitioners for the said Bill have stated, in their Petition, that they have borrowed £.40,000 and upwards, and the Evidence on the Petition for the Bill dates, that they have borrowed £.41,000 and upwards, for the Purpose of paving and regulating their Parish, whereas the Certificate signed by the Committee for that Parish, to the Petitioners, to Lady Day 1782, dates the whole Sum to be only £.38,375; and that the Petitioners rely on the Justice of Parliament, that, as they are legal Trustees for all the Parishes and Places included in the General Paving AA of the Eleventh of His present Majesty, and Parties to all Contracts, as well as Trustees for the several Creditors who have lent Money on the Rates, particularly the Optional Streets, the House will not permit the said Paridi of Saint George, Hanover Square, to be separated and taken from the Petitioners Controul, until the Committee have fairly accounted with the Petitioners for all the Monies they have borrowed and raised by Rates or otherwise, and shewing how much is in Arrear, and in every other RespeA proved to the Petitioners and the Public, that they have acted fairly and equitably in the Trud reposed in them: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and be permitted to produce Evidence to shew why the same ought not to pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then beard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Wapping An ingrossed Bill for the better Relief and Employ-Poor, and men I of the Poor of the Parish of Saint JohnofWap-uects. ping, in the County of Middlesex, and for providing a proper Workhouseand Burial Ground adjoining or near thereto; and for opening certain Communications, and making, widening, and paving certain Streets within the said Parish, and the Parish of Saint Botolp/i without Aldgale, in the said County was read the Third Time.

liefotved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex, and for providing a proper Workhouse and Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish; and for opening certain Communications, and making certain Streets within the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Byng do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Brofeley, An ingrossed Bill for the more easy and speedy Re- nr* u covery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Brofeley,

m e ts# Bent hall. Made ley, Barrow, Lin ley, Willey, Little Wenlock, and Dawley, in the County of Salop, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Brofeley, Benthall, Madeley, Barrow, Li nicy, Willey, Little Wenlock, and Dawley, and an e*tra-parochial Place, called Poshall, in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That \1 r. Whitmore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Importation M r. Ord presented to the House, according to Order,

ot Foreign a fi\\\ for further continuing an Act, made in the Sixth

Wrought bilk yoar of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, " A11 " AA to prohibit the Importation of Foreign-wrought u Silks and \ el vets, for a limited Time; and for »8

rilis. A. 1782.

<c jweventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen " employed in the Silk Manufacture And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom Sr the Petition of the ReAor, Churchwardens, Overseers Workhousc. of the Poor, Vestrymen, and principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Richard Jennings, Vestry Clerk, being examined, said.

That there was a Lease taken by the Parish, of a House and Ground in Old Street Road, of one Mr. James Brown, for a Poor House; it expired at Midsummer 1779 — That it is in bad Condition, and cannot be put into Repair for the proper Reception of the Poor, without a considerable Sum of Money being expended on it — That the Parish are only Tenants on Sufferance, and have had Notice to quit next Michaelmas — That they have offered Terms to Mr. William Robinson, who would not accept them, but demanded Two hundred Guineas for a Fine, and Eighty Guineas a Year Rent, clear of all Taxes.

And being further examined, he said, That the Poor of the said Parish are numerous, amounting at present to near Three-hundred and Fifty; and that it would be for the Advantage of the Parish to ereA a proper Workhouse; but that a sufficient Sum for that Purpose cannot be raised without the Aid of Parliament.

Mr. James Carr, a Surveyor, being examined, said.

He had surveyed the present House, and made an Estimateof the Expence of the necessary Repairs for Twenty-one Years, which would cost Eight Hundred and Sixty-seven Pounds, or thereabouts; which Term of Twenty-one Years is the Extent of what Mr. Robinson can grant.

Mr. Thomas Mutter, a Surveyor, being examined, confirmed the Evidence of the lait Witness; and both concurred in saying. That a commodious House for the Reception of the Poor, might be built for Four thousand Pounds, in a better Situation, and on all Accounts preferable to that now in Use.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill more effectually to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish, oiSaint Luke, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase, hire, or ereA a Workhouse, within or near the said Parish for the better Reception and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish: And that Mr. Byng, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, and Mr. Whitbread, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Thomas Clavering presented to the House, accord- NewCaflle ing to Order, a Bill to revive and continue An Act, and Sunder, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present land Coal Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Loading Trade*

" of Ships with Coals, in the Ports of Newcastle and " Sunderland And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Smith, from the Richmotd Commissioners of Richmond Bridge, attended at the BridSc* Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Richmond Bridge Cash Account, for the Year 1780 And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Richmond Bridge Cash Ac-<c count, for the Year 1781."

And then he withdrew.

And

ii Geo. III. 24° — 250 949

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Lord An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Motion's for vetting divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, fcftate. ju the County of Hertford, late the Estate of John Lord Monfaii) deceased, in Trustees, to be sold and disposed of, in ami for the Payment of his Debts and certain of the Legacies and Portions given by his Will and Codicil; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

stanfoming An ingrossed Bill to prohibit the Ransoming of Ships t Captures, or Vessels captured from H is Majesty's Subjects, and of the Merchandize or Goods on Board such Ships or Vessels, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to prohibit the Ransoming of Ships or Vessels captured from His Majesty's Subjects, and of the Merchandize or Goods on Board such Ships or Vessels.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Newnham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supplying Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill more

tamieu. effectually to supply with Seamen His Majesty's Ships of War, when Occasion shall require; and to encourage Men, under certain Regulations and Bounties, voluntarily to engage themselves for that Service whenever they shall be duly called forth: And that Sir Herbert Mackzoorfh and Sir Charles Turner do prepare^ and bring in, the fame.

Qiurtenng A Bill to make Provision for the quartering certain ot Minorea foreign Troops lately employed in His Majesty's Ser vice in Defence of the Island of Minorca, and expected to arrive soon in this kingdom, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Administra- A Petition of Michael Impel/, Esquire, on Behalf of tion of Justice his Brother Sir Elijah Irnpey, Knight, was presented to in Bengal,&c. p]Oqf0) aiKj read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner

is informed, that a Report hath been made to the House, by the Committee appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijj'a, and to report the fame, as it ilia 11 appear to them, to the House, with their Observations thereupon; and that such Report contains Circumstances which very materially afifeft the Petitioner's Brother Sir Elijah Impel/, who is in the East Indies, incapable of making any Defence in Answer to the Allegations against him; and that the Petitioner is also informed, that Resolutions are already framed against his said absent Brother, to be proposed to the-House, and that by one of those Resolutions it is intended that he shall he recalled from the East Indies, to answer the said Allegations against him; which, if carried into Effect, will be highly injurious to his said Brother, inasmuch as he will be removed from his Employment, and censured and punished before Trial; and that the Petitioner cannot help feelingvery severely, not only for the Injury his Brother will sustain in his Fortune, but more especially for the Attack upon his Character and good Name: And therefore praying, That he maybe heard, by himself or his Counsel, on Behalf of his said absent Brother, before the House

Vox.. 38.

comes to any Resolution upon the said Report concerning him. „

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Administra-a Committee of the whole House, to consider further tion of Justice of the several Reports which have been made from111 enga» c* the Select Committees, appointed in the last and this present Session of Parliament, relating to the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal,

Bahar, and OriJJa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Elwes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr; Elwes reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, East India resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Affairs, consider further of the several Reports which have been made from the Committees of Secrecy, appointed in the iastand this present Session of Parliament, relating to the Affairs of the East India Company.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mean*. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 50 die jdprilis;

Anno 220 Georgii IIiu‘ Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

MR. Whitbread prefen ted to the House, according §t# Luke's to Order, a Bill more effectually to enable the Workhouse. Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase, hire, orereft a Workhouse, within or near the said Parish, for the better Reception and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Talbot presented to the House, according to Calrerton Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosure. Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Manor of Calverton, with the West Side o{Stoney Stratford, in the County of Buckingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Hanover George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, Square was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Paving. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for taking the present Power of paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Parish of Saint George,

Hanover Square, out of the Hands of the Commissioners appointed fer that Purpose by several Acts of Parliament,

j

Norwood ^Somersetshire) Inclosure.

Spttalfields to BifUopf^ate Street Carriageway.

Quartering the Minorca Troops.

Ashborar,

&c.

Road.

950

A. 1782.

ment, and vesting the same in the Rector, Churchwardens, and Vestrymen of t^e said Parish; and that the Petitioners highly approve of fuel) a Bill, and conceive the same would be very much for the Advantage of the said Parish: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting Part of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, be read a Second Time.

Sir John Trevelyan presented to the House, according to Order, a Billfor confirming a certain Piece of Ground, Part of the Common of Norwood, in the Parish of Bat-combe, in the County of Somerset, to the Rector of the said Parish; and for vesting the same in him and his Successors, in Lieu of all Right of Common and Tythes belonging to the Rectory of Batcombe, in or within the said Common of Norwood-, and for confirming all the several other Parts of the said Common to the several Proprietors thereof, discharged of all Right of Common and Tythes belonging to the said Rectory: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the

Bill for making a Passage for Carriages from Spital Fields to Bishopfgale Street, in the County of Middlesex, and for

paving the fame, and for appropriating to those Purposes the Money arisen by virtue of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for applying the Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, to arise out of the Orphans Fund, for making such Passage, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon the Bill to make Provision for the quartering of certain Foreign Troops lately employed in His Majesty's Service in Defence of the Island of Minorca, and expected to arrive soon in this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Midleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Midleton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Town Corporate of Congleton, in the County Palatine of Cliesler, and of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, refidingin or near the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for enlarging the lerni and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the High Road leading from Ashborne, in the »4

" County of Derby, to the Town of Lee!:, in the " County of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate, upon " Rushton Common, to Congleton, in the County of " Chester, and also the Road leading from Blylh Marsh,

" in the County of Stafford, through " and Blore, to the Turnpike Road from to

" Buxton, near Thorp, in the County of Derby," as relates to the District of Road between Ashborne and Congleton; and for repairing the Road from the End of A/hborne Church Yard to the Top of The Dig Street, ia Ashborne aforesaid; and setting forth. That in Consequence of the said Act, the Trullees can fed Two Gates or Turnpikes to be erected, within little more than a Mile from each other, on that Part of the Road between the said Town of Congleton and Rushton Common, where the said Road turns into the Turnpike Road leading to Leek, and one of which Gates is placed at or near the End of the Town of Congleton, through which the Petitioners are under the Neceflily of passing with all their Coals, Turf, Firewood, Lime, and Bricks, for the Carriage of which Tolls are demanded and taken at the said Stop Gate in Congleton, notwithstanding the same are not carried more than- Half a Mile on any Part of the said Road; and that the Petitioners are informed, the Debt on the said Road from Ashborne to Leek, and from Ryecroft Gate to Congleton, does not j amount to £.5,000, and the Tolls on the said Road, now, and for several Years last past, have let at the Yearly Rent of/. 490, and upwards, clear of all Deductions, except Repaiis of Bridges, which must be very inconsiderable; and that the Petitioners apprehend the Payments of such Tolls at Congleton to be a great Grievance to them, the Road within the same Township being kept in Repair by the Inhabitants of the said Town, and not any Expence to the said Trust, except first forming the fame: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for removing the said Gate or Turnpike so erected at the End of the said Town of Congleton, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House. shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for better securing rtourOfai the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Par- frcaio^ liament, by disabling certain Officers employed in the Collection or Management of His Majesty's Revenues, from giving their Votes at such Elections, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, that the Bill shall not extend to Patent Officers.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, that the Bill shall not extend to any Person who shall relign his Office before the 15th of June 1782.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Hill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for better securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, by disabling i certain Officers employed in the Collection or Management of His Majesty's Revenues, from giving thffif > Votes at such Elections.

Ordered, That Mr. Crewe do carry the* Bill to Hie,

Lords, and def: e their Concurrence.

Ordered,

ifk India Affairs.

Way<

& Meant.

Hanover

Square

Paving*

Pi<idington

and

Hacklrton

Inclosure.

22 Geo. III. 25

95 *

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the l'everal Reports which have been made from the Committees of Secrecy, appointed in the last and this prefect Session of Parliament, relating to the Affairs of the East India Company, be now read.

And the said Ol der being read accordingly;

TheTIolife resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Howard took the Chair of the Committeei

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Harvard reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matters Jo them referred; and that he was diretied by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Jfoufe, to consider further of the said Reports.

Ordered, That Lord John the Lord Al-

thorpe, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Frederick Montagu, and Mr. Strach«/, be added to the.Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Bills, purr suant to the Resolutions which, upon the 12th Day of March last, were reported from the Committee of the whore House, to whom it was referred, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting Part of the Parish of George, Hanover

Square, in the County of Middlefe.v, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were (jailed in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the several Petitions for and against the said Bill were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitions of the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places within the City and Liberty of Wcjinand other Places therein mentioned were heard.

And the Counsel for the Bill was also heard, j And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Riil.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Bill be committed;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till To-mor* jfow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vieneris, 26° die Aprilis;

Anno 22® Georgii Iir1' Regis, 1782.

. > 1 c *

Prayers.

A BILL for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manors and Liberties of Ridding ton and Hackle Ion, in the Pari 111 of Piddiiigtcn, Vol. 38.

in the County, of Northampton, Was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Ski{iwith, Mr. Powys, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Great Creator, in the County, of Northampton, and the Hamlet of Little Creaton, in* the Parish of Spratton ,in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Skipioilh, Mr. Powys,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber*

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fames and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers; Without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to revive and further continue an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time,

" the Duties payable upon tljp Importation of Tallow,

" Hogs Lard, and Greafewithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City of Roch and the Parishes of Strood, Frindsbury, Cobham, SHigham, Cliffe, Cooling, High Haljlow, Chalk, Barham, Woaldham,

Hailing, Cuxstone, Chatham, and Gillingham, and the Ville of Sheerness, in the County of Kent; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March Oue thou land Seven hundred and Eighty-two j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Towns of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and Dorchester, in the County of Dorset; and for re* pairing the Road leading froift the Parish through the Parities of Poxwell and Oj'mington, to the Church in the said Parish of OJr.iinglon, in the said County of Dorjel without any Amendment: Ami also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to extend so much of Two Acts of the Twentiet h and Twenty-first Years of His present Mujefiy's Reign, as relate to the Sale of, and ascertaining the Duties upon, East India Goods, to Tea and all other Goods of the Growth, Prodnft, or Manufacture of China, or any Country within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, which have been, or shall, during the present Hostilities, be thought into this Kingdom, and condemned as Prize; for equalizing the Duties upon, and regulating the Importation of, Foreign Snuff into this Kingdom; and for preventing the Importation and Running of Foreign Spirituous Liquors, Tea, and other prohibited Goods, into this Kingdom, in Vessels fitted out and armed as Privateers; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

11 k A Petition

Creaton

Inclosurr.

Papists Deeds and Wills.

Duties on Tallow.

Rochester, ire. Small Debts,

Militia Pay and Clothing.

Weymouth, &c. Roads.

Sale of East India Prize Goods.

Supplying

Seamen.

Chichester

flection.

Supplying

Seamen.

Hardwicke, kc. Roads.

Wookey

fneiolurc.

952 26° Aprilis. A. 1782.

A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town upon the 'fable until the said Pill be read a Second Council of the Burgh of Ayr, the Owners and Com- Time, declined being heard by their Counsel upon the manders of Ships, and principal Inhabitants thereof. Second Reading of the said Bill; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. The said Bill was read a Second Time.

That the Petitioners have maturely considered the Bill RThat the Bill be committed to Mr. Hoik, more effectually to supply with Seamen His Majesty's Mr. &c.: And they are to meet this After-

Ships of War, when Occasion shall require, and to en- noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; courage Men, under certain Regulations and Bounties, and all who come to the Committee are to have voluntarily to engage themselves for that Service when- Voices.

ever they shall be duly called for; which, at the Close , That the Petition of Clement Hoof the last Session, was printed by Order of the House; hert Michell, Charles Robert

and are of Opinion that it is well calculated to serve the Phelps, Richard IVillcox, William , James Tibbs,

Purposes intended, and practicable in every Part; and Robert Lax, William Hippijley, Stephen Try, George that the Petitioners, after having long felt and lamented Kitching, and others, whole Names are thereunto fub-those very expensive and dangerous Delays which the feribed, which was presented to the House upon the Naval Operations and Commercial Concerns of the 18th Day of last, be referred to the Confi-

British Empire have often suffered, are extremely happy deration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is to find that a Bill, so well adapted to prevent the like committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by Evils in future, has so far obtained the Consideration themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon and Sanction of the House: And therefore praying the their Petition, if they think fit.

House to resume the Consideration of the said Bill, and Ordered, That it be an Infiruction to the said Com-that it may, with such Alterations and Amendments mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the as to the House shall seem meet, be passed into a same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Law. Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an ApHw,

Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His pre- *c.K — The House, according to Order, resumed the ad- sent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and journed Consideration of the Motion made upon Mon- " widening the Road from the Borough of Appleby, in day last. That Brian Edwards, Esquire, and the several " the County of through the Township

Persons, Citizens of the City of Chichester, have Leave " of Orton, to Kirby Kendal, and from Orton to the to withdraw their Petitions, complaining of an undue " Turnpike Road near S/iapp, and from Election and Return for the said City. " Tebay, in a Part of the Highway between Appleby

And the honourable Percy Charles Wyndham, the Sit- " and through the Town of Kirby Steven,

ting Member, having in his Place acquainted the " to the Town of Market Brough, in the said County,"

House, that he consented to the withdrawing of the said was read a Second Time.

Petitions; Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. James

The House was moved. That the Order made upon Lowther, Mr, Stanhope, &c.: And they are to meet Monday last, for taking the said Petitions into Confi- this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's deration upon that Day Sevennight, might be read. Chamber.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. An ingrossed Bill to make Provision for the Quar- Quatch*

Ordered, That the said Brian Edioards, Esquire, and tering of certain Foreign Troops, lately employed fa tkMiws

the said several Persons, have Leave to withdraw their His Majesty's Service in Defence of the Island of said Petitions. norca, and expeCled to arrive soon in this Kingdom,

was read the Third Time.

Sir Herbert Mackworth presented to the House, ac- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title cording to Order, a Bill more effectually to supply with be, An Act to make Provision for the Quartering of Seamen His Majesty's Ships of War, when Occasion certain Foreign Troops, lately employed in His Ma-shall require; and to encourage Men, under certain jetty's Service in Defence of the Island of Minorca, and Regulations and Bounties, voluntarily to engage them- expeCled to arrive soon in this Kingdom, selves for that Service, whenever they shall be duly called Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the forth: And the same was received; and read the First Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. A Bill to continue the Term and alter the Powers Wferii,

of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the *c. Roaa*.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, fa-a Place called The Hardioicke, in the Parish of Clifford, tituled, " An Act for repairing and widening the Roads

to Windmill Hill, and from Vowchurch to Ponlrilas, in " leading from a Pond belonging to Henry Eyre, Ef-the County of Hereford, was read a Second Time. " quire, in the Parish of in the County of

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Scrnla- " Wilts, to the Top of Hill, and from thence

more. Sir George Cornewall, See.: And they are to meet " over Great and Middle Bridge, through Rom-

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's " to Hundred Bridge, in the County of South-

Chamber. " ampton, and from thence to the County of the Town

" of ," was read a Second Time.

A Motion being made, That the Bill for dividing, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord inclosing, and allotting certain Moors, Commons, or Palmerson, Mr. And they are to meet this

Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parish of Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Wookey, in the County of Somerset, be now read a Chamber.

Second Time:

And the House being informed, that the several Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming Persons who petitioned this House upon the 18th Day the adjourned Debate upon the Motion made Yesterday, square of February last, praying to be heard by themselves or That the Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting. Pot* Counsel against the said Bill, and which Petition was. Part of the Parish of George, in

upon the 10th Day of this lnstant April, ordered to lie the County of Middlesex, and for removing and pre;

16 venting

12 Gteo. III. i6* — 29

venting Nuisandes and Annoyances therein, be committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the said Motion.

Rfolved, That the Bill be committed tb Mr. Byng, Sir William Dolben, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at five of the Clock, in the Speaker's . Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

rtering Mr. Penton presented to the House, according to

Tf' Order, a Bill for further continuing an Act, made in iec- Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for exempting the City of " lVinchester, the County of Southampton, the Town

" of Shreivfbun/, and the County of Salop, out of the

" Provisions of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of " the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

" intituled, "An Act for regulating the Quartering of " Soldiers during the Time of the Elections of Members " to serve in Parliament, so far as the same relates " to the Removal of Troops during the Elections " of Members to serve in Parliament, for a limited " Time:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

?ly. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, between the 31 ft of January 17 81 and the 1 ft of February 178?, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Distribution of the Sum of One Million, granted to His Majesty to defray any extraordinary Services incurred, or to be incurred, on Account of Military Services for the Year 1781, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copies of Lists of Warrants granted by the Commanders in Chief in Canada upon the Deputy Paymasters there, and transmitted to the Loros Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, from the 2.2d November 1780 to the 23d October 1781 inclutive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copies of Lists of Warrants, granted by the Commanders in Chief in North America upon the Deputy Paymasters there, and transmitted to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, from the tft of January to the 31st December 1781 inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sums wanted to pay Arrears due, and to carry on the necessary Works, at the new Offices erecting on the Scite of Somerset I louse, during the Course of the Year 1782, be referred to the said Committee.

T hen the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ordtook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Vol. 58.

j4prili$, 953

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Secretary Fox reported to the House; That their tr*

Address of Friday last (that His Majesty would be Account, graciously pleased to give Directions that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that Hb will give Directions accordingly.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Bill to enable

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to enable peace w|tj, His Majesty to conclude a Peace or Truce with the America, revolted Colonies in North America.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Way* Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the and Means* whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 290 die A;

Anno 220 Georgii III1" Regis, 1782. \

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Lard Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands, and Here- Monson't ditaments, in the County of Hertford, late the Estate of John Lord Monson, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold and disposed of, in and for the Payment of his Debts and certain of the Legacies and Portions given by his Will and Codocil; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Hujfey Delaval, Mr. Darker, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five- of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for making a Passage for Carriages Spitalfields t* from Spitalfields to Bishopsgate Street, in the County of Bishopsgate Middlesex, and for paving the fame, and for appropriat- ^r'et^rar* ing to those Purposes the Money arisen by virtue of S an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for applying the Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, to arise out of the Orphans Fund, for making such Passage, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making a Passage for Carriages from Spitalfields to Bishopsgate Street, in the County of Middlesex, and for paving the fame, and for appropriating to those Purposes the Money arisen by virtue of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for applying the Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, to arise out of the Orphans Fund, for making such Passage.

Ordered, That Mr. Byng do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Calverton moil Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Inclosure. Lands and Grounds, in the Manor of Calverton, with the West Side of Stoney Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord

Fairford,

St. Luke's Workhouse

954 29° A prills. 178.2

Fairford, Mr. Parker, kp.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill more effectually to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish o (Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase, hire, or erect a Workhouse, within or near, the said Parish, for the better Reception and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whit-bfield, Mr* Darker, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of* the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber,

The House being informed that Mr. Jennings, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty's Orders pursuant to Addresses of this House, which have not been made good by Parliament.

Mr. Jennings also, from the Exchequer, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOI/NT of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty's Orders pursuant to Addresses of this House, which have not been made good by Parliament.

To John Ilatfell, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of the House of Commons ——

To George White, Esquire, towards defraying the Expences incurred by him in Business done under the Direction of the Committee of Secrecy appointed to enquire into the Cause of the War that how subsists in the Carnatic, and the present Condition of the British Possessions in those Parts - -

To John Nichols, Esquire, towards defraying the Expence of printing 1,250 Copies of Parliamentary and other Records, as His Majesty shall think fit -

To Henry Hughs, Esquire, in full Satisfaction for defraying the Expences attending the printing Copies of Bills; Reports, and other Papers, printed by Order of the House of Commons, in the Session ended the 18th Day of July 1781 - - ‘ -

To Lord Charles Spencer, Treasurer of His Majesty's Chamber, to be paid over to Mr. John Baconi towards erecting Lord Chatham's Monument -

To the Paymaster of the Works, for fitting up the Apartments of the Deputy

Serjeant at Arms of the House of Commons - - - 490 15 6*

To Ditto, for Pitto, at Mr. Ley's, Clerk Assistant of the House of Commons 109 3 9

To Ditto, for Work done in the Apartments of the Deputy Housekeeper - 784 10 5

t ——

To Kenton Couse, Esquire, for the Balance of his Account of the Charge of repairing the King's Bench Prison -....

£. s. d.

700 ——

1,000 — — 1,500^ ——

3>337 15 3

75o ——

i;384 9 9*

236 4 1

8,908 9

Exchequer, the £$th Day of April 1782.

Rob* Jennings.

Money

issued on

Addreflei.

Maintaining

Convicts.

Newcastle and Sander* land C#al Trade,

Wapping

Streets.

Exportation of Hops.

Winftone

Incloi'ure.

H Geo. III. 29" Aprilis.

955

To the honourable the Knights, Citizehs, drid BurgefleS in Parliament assembled

Ah ACCOUNT of the Monies paid to, Duncan Campbell, Efcjuire, for the Expences of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Thb Mdnies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the ExpenCe of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Fourteen thousand Seven hundred and Nineteen Pounds Four Shillings.

Exchequer, the 29th Day of April 17 8 2.

llob1 Jennings,

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill to revive and continue an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Loading of Ships with " Coals, in the Ports of Neiocajile and Sunderland," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Clavering, Sir John Eden, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for explaining and amending Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Eleventh Year of His pre- lent Majesty, for paving Wapping Street, in the County of Middlesex, and the several Streets and Passages leading into the fame, and for other Purposes; and the other, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for opening Communications between Wapping Street wad Ratcliff IIighway, and between Old Gravel Lane and Virginia Street, and for paving certain Streets ifi the Parities of Saint George and Saint John of Wapping, in the said County, and for other Purposes; and for extending the Provisions of the said Acts to other Parts of the said Parishes; and also for opening certain other Communications within the said Parish of Saint George, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Byrtg, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ilpon the Bill for encouraging the Exportation of Hops of Brit if 1 Growth to and for Ireland, by Way of Merchandise;

1 Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Pari fii of Wins one, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

'Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Ginfe, Mr. Minchin, &c. r And they are to meet this VOL. 38.

Afternoon,' at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Supply; Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had di-rested him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three Millions Four hundred and Thirty-six thousand Three hundred Ninety-nine Pounds Six Shillings and One Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, incurred between the 31st Day of January 1781 and the ift Day of February 1782, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, to wards carry ing on the Buildings at Somerset House, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-twoj and that the said Sum be issued and paid without any Deduction whatsoever.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon; agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House w to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, an^ Mean*, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, between the3ift of January 1781 and the ill of February 1782, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee,

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they

had

zf Aprilis.

A. vf&a.

Ind come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. ()rd also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to-waove, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the — whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Committee Lord Mahon reported from the Committee, who

n Coinage, were appointed to consider of the State of the Coinage of Money in this Kingdom, and the Expences incident thereto, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, and who were impowered to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had considered the same accordingly; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the lleport in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Expence of the Coinage of Gold in this Kingdom is borne by the Public.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Expence of the Coinage of Gold in tMs Kingdom ought not henceforth to be borne by the Public, but that a Dedo&ion ought to be made for the future out of the Gold coined at the Mint, to defray the Whole, or a considerable Part of the Espenoe of such Coinage.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the State of the Coinage of Gold in this Kingdom defefves the immediate and ferrous Consideration of Parliament.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Expence of the Coinage of Silver in this Kingdom is borne by the Public.

Rejbboed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Expence of the Coinage of Silver in this Kingdom ought not henoeforth to be borne by the Public; and that a greater Deduction ought to be made for the future, out of the Silver coined at the Miht Jhan out of the Gold coined at the Mint, to defray the Expence of Coinage.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the State of the Coinage of Silver in this Kingdom doth also-deserve the ferrous Consideration of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Chairman do move the House, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the Laws now in being relative to the Gold Coin of this Kingdom, and the Exportation of Gold.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morhing next.

Bid India A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, Affair*. That the several Papers which were presented to this House upon Tuesday last,'by Mr. Holt, from the United

Company of Merchants of England trading to the Ea/l

Indies, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of ^he several Reports which have been made from the Committees of Secrecy appointed in the la(l and this present Session of Parliament, relating to the Affairs of the East India Company.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, Withdrawn.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to make Provision for the Quartering of certain Foreign Troops, lately employed in Ills Majesty's Service in Defence of the Island of Minorca, and expected to arrive soon in this Kingdom, with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords define the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Reports which have been made from the Committees of Secrecy appointed in the last and this present Session of Parliament, relating to the Affairs of the East India Company.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Howard took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Howard reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House wiU please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir George Howard accordingly reported from the said Committal, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are a* followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That in a Period of Twelve Years, from the Year 1767 to the Year *779, inclusive, the Surplus Nett Revenues of the East India Company, under the Presidency of Fort Saint George, above the Civil and Military Charges, and the Expences of Buildings and Fortifications, have never, except in One Year, been equal to the Purchasii of the Iuveftment for Europe.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That in the Two first and Two last Years of the said Period of Twelve Years, within the former of which the First War with Hyder Ally happened, and within the latter the Expeditions to Pondicherry and Mahe, ft* Charges and Expences exceeded the Nett Revenues in £. 941,781 upon the whole Four Years.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the1 Average Nett Surplus Revenues under the Presidency of Fort Saint George, for each of the Eight Years, from the Year 1769 to the Year 1777, during which the Company was at no Expence on Account of War, was not equal fto the Purchase of One Half of the Investment for Europe, calculated upon an Average of the Seven Years from 1771 to 1778.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That upon the whole Period from 176710 1779, including the Four Years of War above-mentioned, the Revenues under the Presidency of Fort Saint George, exclusive of their commercial Receipts, have exceeded the Charges In no more than £. 51,961.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Balances due by the Zemindars, and by the Reuters of the Company's Lands in the NorthernCircars, have very much increased of late; and that the Zemindars are in general much distressed, and involved in large Debts.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That besides the Tribute payable to the Company, it has been the Practice for the Chiefs of the subordinate Settlements to receive from the Zemindars certain large Sums of Money, under the Name of Nazir, or Free Gift.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That these Nazirs, or Free Gifts, which are arbitrary, and bear no certain Proportion to the Tribute, have not, since the Acquisitions of the Circars, been accounted for to the Company, but have been taken by the Chiefs, as a Perquisite of their Station.

Resolved'K

Qa*r?fT,ar of Mioctz Troops

East Ioda Affix*.

Geo. Ili. 29* Jprilih

Re/olxied, That it appears Id this Committee, That Re/ That it appears to ttjis Committee, That the Jaghire Lands, with the District of Poonartxallec, Representations were at several Times made by the Pre- A a:1 ' t>eing nearly the Whole of the Territory contiguous to fidency of Madras, of the Want of Resources, of the Fort Saint George, have been almoftuniformly let to the Uncertainty of their Dependence on the Nabob of Nabob of the Carnatic. cot, under the present Svftem, for tire Defence of the

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Carnati, and of the Necedity of a Peace with the M a-

the Nabob is loaded with heavy Debts, both to the r alt as, to prevent the Attacks oi Hyder Ally, or to ena-Company and to Individuals; that his Troops are ill ble them to repel them; Init it does not appear that, paid, and have deserted in great Numbers, and fre- in consequence of these Representations; any considera-questly broke out into dangerous Mutinies on that ble Supply of Treasure was granted to the Presidency Account. of Madas a Fund for the Exigencies of War.

ReJ'olved, That it appears to this Committee, That Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Revenues of 'tanjoreare greatly diminished, and the That there is an Lndispensable Necedity of establishing

Country itself much on the Decline. fotrie new and eflfe6lual Regulations in regard to the Re-

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That, veritiesand Debts, and to the Military Establishment, in besides what may be imputed to bad Administration, the Service or Pay of the Nabob of for the more one Cause of that Decline has been an Opinion prevail- certain Protection of his own Possessions and those of ingin the Country, that the Rajah's Government would the Company in the Carnatic-, because it is evident; not be of long Continuance, and that another Revolu- that the Success of Ally nuifl be attributed, as

tiou was approaching. well to the great Defects in those Particulars, as to the

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Omission of timely Precautions, and to the subsequent before and at the Time of the Irruption of Hyder Ally Dilatorinefsand Indecihonof the President and Majority into the Carnatic in the Month of July 1780, a proper of the Select Committee at Fort Saint George.

State of Military Preparations to refill such an Enemy Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, bad been altogether neglected by the Government of That a similar Method of Regulation ought to be Fort Saint George, as well in respect to the Disposition adopted, in Regard to the Revenues apd Debts, and to of their Troops, as to the Condition of their Forts the Military Establishment kept up at the Expence of and Garrisons. the King of Tanjore.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of is Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the President and Majority of the Select Commit- That any Attempt to seize upon the Revenues of the tee of Fort Saint George are greatly responsible to the Kingdom of and to confiscate the same for the

Company and to the Nation for the Misfortunes which Purposes of the Nabob, or of the East India Company, ensued, in not haying paid a proper Attention to those is contrary to the Public Faith, and tends to the Op-Points, and particularly to the Warning and Advice of pression and Ruin of the Country.

Mr. Smith on the 10th November 1779, of Messrs. R, That it is the Opinion of this Committee^ Smith and Johnson on the 19th June, and of Mr. Smith That the indeterminate Rights and Pretenfioos of the on the 19th July 178b.1 Nabob of and the Rajah of Tanjore, with respect

Resolved, That it appears to this. Committee, That to each other, should be ascertained and settled upon a after their Knowledge.of the Invasion and Progress of Footing of Justice and Perpetuity, according to the Ar-Hyder Ally, the President and Majority of the Select raogement carried into Execution during the Govern-

Committee were dill remiss and indecisive in advancing ment of Lord Prgo/.that an insuperable Barrier may for the necessary Preparations to oppose him; and that, by the future be fixed between the tfopes and Fears of their futroductionofMr. Havidfoji intotbe Committee, those Two Powers under the Protection of the Com-they took upon themselves, in a more direct Manner, pany, as the firm and impartial Guarantee of their prdr the Responsibility of every Measure. feribed Dominions and Dependencies.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Nabob of Arcot declared himself utterly incapable of That some wife and immediate Steps should be takep contributing any Accession to the Force of the Prefi- to ascertain the jnft Value of the Jaghire and other depey, in Men, Money, or Influence, in that Exigency Lands belonging to the Company; and to fix upon such of their common Interests; and that he chiefly attri- a certain and permanent Method of establishing the Na-buted this Inability to the Weight of his Debts, apd tire tureand Amount of the Rents, and the Rights and Lois of the Tanjore Country. Titles of the Tributaries and Renters, especially by the

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Abolition of all arbitrary Nazirs, or Free Gifts, as may the Rajah of Tanjore was not found in a more capable conduce not only to the Profits and Influence of the Condition to furnish any extraordinary Supplies3 and East India Company in those Parts, but to the present that he attributed this Inability on his Part to the Suf- Relief and future Security of their Dependants, parti-ferings which his County and the Inhabitants bad en- cularly the Natives of every Degree/ dured under the oppressive Government of the Na- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; bob. That in ascertaining the Debts of the Nabob of Arcqt,

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That and of the Rajah of with aView to their Liqui-

the President and Select Committee of Fort Saint dation and Discharge, all just Distinctious ought to be George received very early and repeated Intelligence, made between the Claims of the different Creditors; during the Government of Sir Thomas Rumbold and and that, in all these Proceedings and Regulations, the Mr. Whilehill, of Hyder Ally's Intention to invade the chief Object of Attention should be directed to the Dif-

Carnatic;and that, in their Consultations on that Sub- covery and Punishment of Peculation by any of the je£t, the Necessity of inaking Preparations for Defence Company's Servants, and, above all, to the more entire were frequently resolved upon; but it does not appear Prevention of it in future.

that these Resolutions were carried into Execution. Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Th Baronet, then a Director of the the President and Select Committee of Saint George India Company, was, on the nthDayof June 1777,

lent considerable Detachments of the Forces on their duly appointed to take upon him the Office of Second Establishment, at the Requisition of the Superior Coun- in Council at the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the cil, and conformable to the Advice of Sir Eyre Coote, Coast of Coromandel; and that Sir Hector Munro, John to the Malabar Coast, notwithstanding the Apprehen- fVhitCharles Smith, PeterPerring, and Samuel John*

lions which they at the fatne Time intimated of the /on, were also appointed permanent Members of that boftile Designs of Hyder Ally and the Nizam. Council 3 and that the said Sir Thomas Rumbold was ap-

Vol. 38. pointed

East India Affairs.

958 290 Aprilis. A. 1782,

pointed to take upon him the Government of the said Settlement by a General Letter dated the nth of June 1777, upon the Return of Lord Pigot, which was directed to take place One Week after the Dispatch of the first Ship from Madras to England after the Receipt of the Laid Letter; and that he did accordingly take upon him the Office of Governor and President on the 8th of February 1778, at Fort Saint George.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the said Sir Thomas Rumbold, on the 27th of June 1777, John Whit chilly Esquire, on the 12th of June 1777, and Peter Perring, Esquire, on the 2d of June ly'jj, did respectively enter into Covenants with the East India Company, binding and obliging themselves not to carry on any Traffic or Commerce for their own Benefit, excepting in the Disposal of such Goods as they might have remaining on Hand, and the collecting and getting in of such Debts as might be owing to them in respect of Trade carried on antecedent to their entering upon their several Offices; and that they should, respectively, within Thirty Days thereafter, deliver in to the Council of the Presidency at the Council Board, a full and just Specification, upon Oath, of the Debts due to them respectively, in the Course of Trade or Commerce theretofore carried on, and of the Wares and Merchandize on Hand, and to dispose of them within the Space of Nine Months; and that they should not lend Money to any of the Country Powers, by way of Mortgage on Land or Crops; and also, that they should, respectively, within Thirty Days next after their taking upon them their respective Offices, deliver to the Council, on Oath, a specific Account of all such Loans, if any, as at that Time they should respectively be concerned in; and that the said Sir Thumas Rumbold covenanted to accept of 40,000 Pagodas pei' Ammmy the Use of the Fort House and Hate, and the Commis-Tion on Coral, in Consideration of his being appointed Governor and President; and that John Whitehill and Peter Perringy Esquires, respectively, covenanted to accept of 16,000 Pagodas per Annum, each, in confe-queuce of their Appointments as Counsellors.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Records of the East India Company, transmitted from Fort Saint George, do not contain any Specification by Sir Thomas Rumbold of Goods on Hand, Debts due, or Loans made, before his taking upon him the Offices of Governor and President.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Sir Thomas Rumbold did, between the 8th Day of February 1778 (being the Day of his Arrival at Madras) and the Beginning of August in the same Year, remit the following Sums by the Company's Ships to China, viz.

By the Latham, 50,000 Pagodas, equal to £. 20,000.

By the Hillsborough, 50,000 Pagodas, equal to £. 20,000.

By the Royal George, 39,000 Pagodas, equal to

X 13.000;

and that Part of the latter Sum, amounting to £. 12,000, is alledged, by Sir Thomas Rumbold, to have belonged to Sir Hekor Munro; of which several Sums no Entry or Delivery is to be found in the Boatswains Books of the Three Ships above-mentioned, by which the Company might be apprized of such Remittances having been made; and that the further Sum 20,000 Dollars, equal to£. 5,000, was remitted by the Sea llorfe Man of War in 1779; the Whole amounting, exclusive of Sir Hector Munro's Share, to £. 46,000.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, did remit to John Stables, Robert Mackrefh, and Thomas Raikcs, Esquires, several other Sums of Money by Bills and Bonds, all bearing Date during the Government Of the said Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, amounting to about £. 160,000 (including the above-mentioned Sum of £. 46,000) which Remittance is alledged, by Sir Thomas Rumbold, to have been the Produce of his Effects formerly acquired in

14

Bengal, and which amounted, extltifivC of Interest, to the principal Sum of 10,50,879 Rupees, equal to about £. 106,000, in the Close of the Year 177*2, and had there remained, bearing Interest, till the Time of his Arrival at Fort Saint George.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That in April 1775, the Court of Directors of the East Indict Company lent out written Orders to the Presidency of Fort Saint George, to appoint a Committee of Five Members of their Council (tfhich then coniifted of Nineteen) to be a Committee for the Purpose of invef-tigating upon the Spot many essential Points respecting' the Five Northern Circars, and the Jaghire Lands contiguous to Madras; which would tend to furniffi the East India Company at Home, and their Servants Abroad, with a Knowledge of the most important Fads on which the Settlement of the Tribute to be paid by the Zemindars, and the Rent to be paid by the Renters of the Company's Demesne Land, ought to be adjusted; and also for the better Regulation of the Police and Government of those Districts, with a particular View to preventing Extortion and the Oppression of the Jowei CJafies of the Native Inhabitants.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That in Conformity to the Orders of the Court of Directors, a Committee of Five Members of Council was appointed, but were prevented from proceeding in the Discharge of their Duty by the Cor.fusions which took place during the Government of Lord Pigot; and that at the Conclusion of his Government, in the Month of August 1776, the succeeding Governor and Council deviating from the Letter of the Company's Orders, by reason of the Reduction of the Number of Coun-fellors, preserved the Spirit of them, and appointed Three of the Company's Servants near to the Rank of Counsellors, in Conjunction with Two Members of the Board, to fulfil the Company's Orders, and gave them written Instructions, in exact Conformity to the Company's Orders of the 12th of April 1775.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That a Letter was written by the Governor and Council of Fort Saint George, dated the 21st of September 1776, acquainting the Court of Directors with the necessary Deviations from the Letter of their Orders, which was read before the Board of Directors on the 2d of April 1777, whilftSir Thomas Rumbold was a Member of that Board; and that such Deviation was not then, or at any subsequent Time, objected to.

Resolved, That it appearsto this Committee, That in January 1777, a competent Number of the Committee of Circuit began to carry the Company's Orders into Execution; and that in December following, notwithstaud-ingfome Impediments which had arisen, the Presidency determined on the vigorous Prosecution of that Business, and proceeded to fill up the Vacancies which had happened in the Committee, from among the Servants of the Company inferior to the Council: which became necessary from the State of the Council at that Period; and that the Committee, so constituted, continued their Investigations until soon after the Arrival of Sir Thomas Rumbold Tit Madras, on the 8th of February 1778.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Sir Thomas Rumbold, having arrived at Madras on the 8th of February 1778, did, on the 24th of March, move the Council to discontinue the Committee of Circuit, and to order the Zemindars of the Northern Circars to repair to Madras, and there to settle their Annual Tribute; Madras being situated at the Distance of about 550 Miles from Vizagapatam, a Place nearly in the Centre of the Circars, and Ganjam, the Northern Extremity, being distant about 720 Miles; and that the Measure of abolishing the Committee of Circuit was inilantly acceded to by the Council, without substituting any other Mode of executing the Company's Orders in its Place, although Messieurs Whitehill, Smith, Johnson, and Perring had in December preceding ex-

22 Gfio. III.

i9‘

959

pressed their Sense of iis Utility, and had therefore filled up the Vacancies which had happened in that Committee.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Thomas Rumbold and the Council of Fort Saint George, ill dilfolving the Committee of Circuit of the Jaghire Lands and Northern Circars, disregarded the Spirit of the Orders of the East India Company, and acted in direct Opposition to some of its most valuable and essential Interests; that the declared Object of the Company's Instructions still remains unattained* and the East India Company still unpoflefled of the desired Information; and that such Miscondull is chiefly to be imputed to the Influence of Sir Thomas Rumbold.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the calling down of the Zemindars to Madras, was remonstrated against from the East India Company^k Three subordinate Councils of Mafutipatam, Ganjam, and Vizagapatam; who stated, as their Objections to the Measure, that it would impede the Collection of the Company's Revenues, already much in Arrear, and would distress the Zemindars, who were both averse to the Journey, and ill able to suppoi t the Expence of it; iut that notwithstanding this. Sir Thomas Rumbold, and the Majority of his Council, persevered in the Measure, and, by repeating their Orders, inforced Obedience to them; and that notwithstanding these ltemonftrances, accompanied with Complaints from the Zemindars themselves, several of them were brought down and detained at Madras lor many Months $ and that Vifieram Rauze in particular was detained till the Month of December 1778, and that Silteram Rauze remained there from November 1777 to December 1778.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That whilst the Zemindars were at the Presidency, the Treaties for their respective Cowles (or Leases) were carried on by Sir Thomas Rumbold only; and that the Grounds of such Treaties were in no Instance laid before the Council or Select Committee collectively, so that the East India Company might have the Means of forming a Judgment upon them, with respect to their Duration, or the Propriety of the Tribute or Rents reserved.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Governor and Majority of the Council of Fort Saint George did, by Menaces and harfti Treatment, compel Vifieram Rauze, the Rajah of Vijianagrum, to employ Silteram Rauze as the Duan or Manager of his Zemiudary, in the room of Juggernaut, a Man of Probity and good Cli iracter; and did also compel him to a Reconciliation with the said Sit ter am Rauze, who appears, by the former Proceedings on the Records of the Settlement, to have been a Man of bad Reputation, and difaflVCted to the Company's Interests; and that -Sir Thomas Rumbold was the chief Promoter and Adviserof the harfti and unmerited Treatment of the Rajah, and that he wassupported in it by Mr. Whitehi.il and Mr. Perring.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the compullive Menaces made use of towards the Rajah Vifieram Rauze, and the gross ill Treatment which he received at the Presidency, were humiliating, tmjuft, and cruel in themselves, and highly derogatory to the Interests of the East India Company, and to the Honour of the British Nation.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That about a Month after the Arrival of Sir Thomas Rumbold, the Chief and Council of Vizagapatam represented, by Letter of the nth of March 1778, which was read at the Board on the 10th of April following, that they were possessed of undeniable Proof, that 130,000 Rupees had been remitted to Silteram Rauze, then at Madras; that a further Sum of 70,000 Rupees was negociating ©n his Account; and that great Oppression of the Inhabitants of this District had been used in order to raise the Sums above-mentioned.

Vgl. 38.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Silteram Rauze contracted by Bond to pay Mr, Redhead, then private Secretary to Sir Thomas Rumbold, One Lack of Rupees; the Consideration of which was, That Nlv. RedheadQiou\<\ use his Influence in obtaining for him the Duanship of Vifianagrum, a Reconciliation with his Brother, a Confirmation of the Adopt ion of his Son by Vifieram Rauze, the Possession of the Zemindary of Ancapilly, and the Restoration of the Fort of Vifianagrum; all of whichl were obtained from the Governor and Council; and that notwithstanding the Discovery of this Corruption, by Means of a judicial Appeal to themselves, the Governor and Council did hot take any Notice of it in their Correspondence with the Court of Directors.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, from a Codicil annexed to Mr. Redhead's Will, That Omeirul-Omrah had an Order from his Father to pay him the Sum of One Lack of Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Anthony Sadlier, Esquire, late Chief of Mafulipatam^ and now one of the Council of Fort Saint George, did> by Letter to Sir Thomas Rumbold, dated the 5th o(May 1778, inform him of various Gratuities, amounting to very large Sums, stipulated for and in Part received by Three of the Company's Servants, namely, Mr. White-hill, Mr. Floyer, and Mr. Craufurd, who had preceded Mr. Sadlier in the Chiefship of Mafulipatam, and in Proof thereof, inclosed the Translation of a written Account of the Particulars, the Original of which had been delivered to Mr. Sadlier on his succeeding to the Chiefship, by the Company s Dubash or chief Interpreter; and that Sir Thomas Rumbold did not, in his Anl'wer to an accompanying Letter of the same Date, take any Notice whatsoever of the Dubafti's Account, nor did he, as far as appears by the Evidence before this Committee, ever communicate the same to the Council at Fort Saint George, or the Court of Directors.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Thomas Rumbold, in thus suppressing Mr. Sadlier's Information of the Peculation of the East India Company's Servants at Mafulipatam, both from the Council of Madras, and from the Court of Directors, greatly failed in his Duty as President and Governor of Fort Saint George; and also acted in direct Breach of that Part of his written Covenants with the East India Company, by which he expressly engaged, with all convenient Speed, to give Notice to the Court of Directors of all Deceits, Abuses, and Breaches of Orders, which he should know, hear of, or suspect, with the Names of the offending Parties; and that, by such Suppression and Concealment, he the said Sir Thomas Rumbold was guilty of a great Breach of the Trust reposed in him.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That by a Letter of Instruction, dated the 12th of April 1775, which ordered the Establishment of a Committee of Circuit of the Jaghire Lands and Northern Circars, the Court of Directors expressed their Sense of the good Consequences which would refillt from taking the Jaghire Lands into the Company's immediate Possession, and that the Nabob should in no same rent them without agreeingto such Arrangements as the Company should deem neceft'aryj to which Order it was added, That the Governor and Council might agree with the Nabob for a Lease of One Year only.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That by a Revenue Letter from Fort Saint George to the Court of Directors, dated the 5th of February 1778, beingonlyThree Days previous to Sir Thomas Rumboid's Arrival at Madras, the then President and Council of Fort Saint George informed the Company of their having continued the Lease of the Jaghire Lands, in Conformity to their repeated instructions, for the current Year only; but apologized for the Measure, as doubting whether the Company might not expect to 11 M have

East India

Affair*.

F.aft India . affairs.

960 .29" Aprilis. A. 1782*

have those Lands taken into their own immediate possession, and therefore desired to haveexprefs Directions upon that Subject.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Sir Thomas Rumbold, in a Minute delivered by him to the Council at Fort Saint. George the 20th of July :177s, observed, that this valuable Possession of the Company was shamefully neglected and oppressed by those employed by the Nabob in his Collections; and added a Recommendation to advertise the letting of them from Three to Five Years, to avoid the destruc-i.tive System of letting them from Year to Year; that they were accordingly advertised for Three, Five, and Ten Years, on the 4th of September 1778, and that various Proposals were sent by private Persons to the Board.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That in consequence of a Letter from the Nabob of Arcot to Sir Thomas Rumbold, dated the 9th of September 1778, the Select Committee on the 5th of October came to a Resolution, which was strongly recommended by Sir Thomas Rumbold, to grant to the Nabob a Lease of the Jaghire Roads for a Period of Three Years.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, thus granting a Lease of the Jaghire Lands to the Nabob for Three Years, was in direct Disobedience to the repeated positive Orders of the East India Company, and contrary to the Practice which before the Administration of Sir Thomas Rumbold had uniformly prevailed at Madras, in consequence of those Orders; and that this Disobedience is highly aggravated by the cogent Reasons of Convenience to the Company, and of public Policy, which were known to be the chief Grounds of retraining the Lease of those Lands to the Ylabob to OneYear only; and that Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, as the principal Adviser and Promoter of this Measure, and John Whitehill, Charles Smith, Samuel Johnson, and Peter Paring, Esquires, who concurred in it, are severally guilty of a great Breach of Trust, and of a high Crime and Misdemeanor.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That by several Treaties entered into by the East India Company with the Nizam of the Decant in 1766 and 1768, it was expressly ilipulated, as a Condition of his confirming t he Cession of the Northern Circars, that the Guntoor Circar should continue to be podefied by Bazalet Jung during his Life, or until it were his Highness's Pleasure that the Company diould take Possession of it.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That in the Month of April 1779, a Treaty was entered into by Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, with Bazalet Jung, (or the immediate Possession of the Guntoor Circar, without the Consent or Knowledge of the Nizam; and that in consequence of such Treaty, a military Force, under the Command of Colonel Harpur, was ordered to attempt a March to Adoni, the Capital of Bazalet Jungs other Territories, through a Part of the Dominions of Ilyder Ally Caivn, without his Permission.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That on the 22d of February 1779, the Governor and Council of Fort Saint George acquainted Mr. Holland, their Ministerat the Nizam's Court, with the Steps they had taken respecting the Guntoor Circar; who, by Letter dated the 17th of May, informed Sir Thomas Rumbold, that the Nizam was thereby offended in a very high Degree; but that such Letter was never entered on the Company's Records at Fort Saint George, although Sir Tho?Jias Rumbold acknowledged the Receipt of it on the 10th of June 1779.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That on the 4th of October 1779, Sir Thomas Rumbold laid before the Select Committee of Fort Saint George, a Letter from the Nabob of Arcot, bearing date the 19th of , September preceding, requesting to have a Lease of the Guntoor Circar for the Space of Ten Years; which was 20

carried by the Votes of Sir Thomas Rumbold, Sir Hector Munro, and Mr. Whitehill, although Mr. Smith desired Time only till the next Committee should assemble, in order to form his Judgment upon a Point of such Magnitude and Importance.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet* in treating with Bazalet Jung without the Participation of the Nizam, in marching Troops into the Country of Hyder Ally Cawn, without having obtained his Consent, and in granting a Ten Years I-ease of the Guntoor Circar to the Nabob of Arcot, di(regarded the true Interests of the Company, by a gross Breach of Solemn Treaties with the Nizam, stained the National Honour, and was thereby guilty of a high Crime and Misdemeanor.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That on the 12th of June 1780, the Supreme Council pofi-tively ordered the immediate Restoration of the Guntoor Circar to Bazalet Jung; but that such Restoration was by Mr. Whitehill, then Governor, and the Select Committee o(Fort Saint George, deferred on frivolous Pretences till the 23d of September, subsequentto the Irruption of Hyder Ally Cawn, which occasioned the Suspen-fion of Mr. Whitehill from the Government, by Authority of the Supreme Council.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That John Whitehill, Esquire, in Two several Minutes, entered by him of Record the 7th and 8th of November 1780, on the Sub j eft of his Suspension, difpmed the Authority of the Supreme Council, derived from an Act of the Legislature, and otherwise conducted himself with great Disregard to legal Suboidination; and that he declared, in a Minute adrireffed to Sir Eyre Coote, that should he be disinclined to submit, and Force were used to drive him from his honourable Station, it would be a Subversion of Government, and that it would depend on his Prudence and Discretion, if he should not give Birth to the Horrors of Civil War in the Settlement, in a Moment when Unanimity and Cooperation were essentially necessary to the Preservation of the Carnatic, and the Safety of Madras.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Whitehill, Esquire, by not paying immediate and implicit Obedience to the Orders of the Supreme Council, and by his intemperate and contumacious Conduct on the 7th and 8th of November 1780, held out an alarming Example of Disobedience to the Orders of his lawful Superiors, and of Difrespect to the Acts of the British Legislature; and was thereby guilty of a high Crime and Misdemeanor, aggravated by his repre-fenting it as an Act ol Forbearance in himself, if he should not involve the Settlement in the Horrors of a Civil War.

ReJ'olved, That it appears to this Committee, That according to the express Terms of the Treaty of 1768, between the Nizam of the Decan and the East India Company, confirming the Cession of the Five Northern Circars, a Tribute of Five Lacks of Rupees was payable to the Nizam of the Dccan.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That by a Letter written by the Select Committee of Fort Saint George to the Government General, dated the 7th of February 1779, acquainting them with Mr. Hollands Million to the Court of the Nizam, they expressed a strong Conviction of the hostile Inclinations of that Prince towards the British Interests; and that in their Instructions to Mr. Hollond, they enjoin him to conciliate the Nizam's Mind, and to removeany Doubts respecting the future regular Payment of the Tributeor Pefhcufli payable to him, and to communicate every necessary Intelligence as early as possible to the Supreme Council as well as to themselves.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That on the iothof June 1779, when Sir Thomas Rumbold had been informed of the Nizam's Resentment again!! the Government of Fort Saint George, on account of the

22 Geo. III.

29* Jlprilis.

the Treaty with Bazalet Jung, by Mr. Holland's Letter of the 17 th of May, he proposed to the Council, that. Mr. Holland should be additionally instructed to propose to the Nizam, the withholding of the Tribute due to him by fblernn Treaty; and that the Committee immediately acquiesced.

Rejblvedy That it appears to this Committee, That by a Letter from Mr. Holland, dated the 26th of June 1779, the President and Select Coimniltee were informed, that the Nizam, upon the bare Mention of withholding his Pethculh, was greatly agitated; reproached them with flagrant Breach of Treaty, threatened to join Hyder Ally Cawn, and to order his Troops to march agafnft Colonel Harpur.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Government General highly d'fapproved of this offensiveand unjust Proceeding, when made acquainted with it by Mr. Holland's transruit ting all his Correl'pcn-dence and Papers on the Subject to Calcutta, on the 9th of May 1779; anfl ^iat they wrote a Letter to the Nizam, the lft of November 1779, ue^ calculated to quiet his Apprehensions on this Subject, which had given him the greatest Alarm.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Governor General and Council, by Letter dated the 4th of November 1779, addressed to the President and Select Committee of Fort Saint George, represented, in Terms of Propriety and Moderation, the evil Tendency of their Conduct towards the Nizam of the Decan; and that on the .5th of January 1 780, the said President and Select Committee returned an Answer to the Supreme Council, referring to an inclosed Minute which had been entered by Sir Thomas Rumbold, 'in which they expressed Surprize at the Supreme Government's afTuming a Right to interfere, controverted the Power of that Government to exercising any controlling Authority in such a Cafe, and acquainted them with Sir Thomas Rumbold's having moved for the Recall of Mr. llollond.

Rejblvedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Attempt made to withhold the Tribute due to the Nizam, at a Time when Sir Thomas Rumbold was personally apprized of that Prince's particular Resentment in consequence of the Tran faction respecting the Guntoor Circar, by Mr. Hollands unrecorded Letter of the 1 7th of May, and when the Council in general was aware of his unfriendly Disposition towards the Company's Interests, was unjust and impolitic, greatly inflamed the Nizam's Resentments, tended to extinguish his Confidence in British Honour, and to impress ilie Powers of India with a Dillruft of the good Faith of the Nation; and that Sir Thomas Rumbold was thereby guilty of a high Crime and Misdemeanor.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Governor General and Council deemed it expedient, on the 14th of February 1780, to appoint Mr. Holiond their Resident at the Nizam's Court, as the Person most proper to recover the Good-will of that Prince; and that they applied to the President and Select Committee of Fort Saint George, for their Permission that he might remain there in that Capacity, which was refused; and that Mr. Holiond was suspended from his Rank in the Company's Service at the Recommendation of Sir Thomas Rmnbold, on the Eve of his Departure from Fort Saint George; and that this Recommendation was carried into Execution by John White hilly Esquire, and the Council; and that Mr. Holland's official Communication with the Supreme Council of Bengal w as a principal Ground relied on by Sir Thomas Rumbold for such Recommendation, although Mr. Holland had been expressly enjoined by his Instructions to be punctual and early in such Communication.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Refusal of the Select Committee of Fort Saint George to permit Mr. Holiond to continue as Resident from the Supreme Council at Hydrabad, >vas derogatory

Vol. 38,.

to the true Interests of the Company, fended tomanifeft India in the Eyes of the Nizam, a Jealously and Disagreement Attain, between the Two Presidencies, and to lessen in his Opinion the Respectdueto tliefupreme Authority in India; and that the Suspension of Mr. Holiond was an unjust and unwarrantable Act of Power; and that Sir Thomas Rumbold and John Whitehill, Esquire, were in thefeln-stances respectively guilty of a great Disregard of the Interests of the Company and the Nation.

Memorandum:

Sir Thomas Rumbold had been in the House this Day, before the House went into the said Committee, and had moved the Question before Hated, for referring to the said Committee, the Papers presented by Mr. Holt from the East India Company; and which Question was afterwards with Leave of the House withdrawn; but he withdrew before the I loufe went into the Committee, informing the House that hefhould take no further Part in this Matter, till he came to make his Defence on the Second Reading of any Bill, or at the proper Stage of any other Proceedings, which the House shall think fit to order or institute against him.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill of Bills, for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir ThoYnas Rumbold, Baronet, John Whitehill, Esquire, and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors, and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies:

And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir George Howard, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr, Gregory, Sir Adam Fer-guffon, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Wallace, Mr. Mansfield, the Lord Lewisham, Mr. Orde, Mr. Macdonald, Mr. North,

Mr. Yorke, the Marquis of Graham, and Mr. Attorney General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring.in a Bill for restraihing Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom, for the Space of One Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and for discovering the Estate and Effects of Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet,

Peter Perring, and John Whitehill, Esquires, and for. preventing the transporting or alienating of the famei And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir George Hoicard, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Gregory, Sir Adam Fer-gujjbn, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Wallace, Mr. Mansfield, the Lord Lewisham, Mr. Orde, Mr. Macdonald, Mr. North9 Mr. Yorke, the Marquis of Graham, and Mr. Attorney General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir George Howard also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, that they may have Ixave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole l louse, to consider further of the said Reports.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the Restrainfng House, according to Order, a Bill for restraining Sir ^ri{1T^um* Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, ]Ca‘ing from going out of this Kingdom, for the Space of One the King-Y'ear, and until the End of the then next Session of do. Parliament; and for discovering the Estate and Effects of Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, Peter Perring, and John Whitehill, Esquires, and for preventing the transporting or alienating of the fame: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Times Tomorrow Morning.

The

9<Sa 29® — 30°

Quartering The House proceeded to take into Consideration, the *^Troo'°rC* Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, roopa. Act make Provision for the Quartering of certain Foreign Troops, lately employed in His Majesty's Service in the Defence of the Island of and ex-

pected to arrive soon in this Kingdom.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as fol-Joweth; viz.

At the End of the Bill insert, "Provided always, and be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue in force for Six Months from the " Time of the Arrival of such Troops, " and thence till Twenty Days after the " Commencement of the next Session of " Parliament, and no longer."

Ordered, That the said Amendment be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Four Months.

Ditto. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for providing Quarters for certain Foreign Troops, lately employed in His Majesty's Service in the Defence of the Istand of Minorca, and expected to arrive soon in this Kingdom, for a limited Time: And that Mr. Secretary at War and Mr. Attorney General do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for providing Quarters for certain Foreign Troops, lately employed in His Majesty's Service in the Defence of the Istand of Minorca, and expected to arrive soon in this Kingdom, for a limited 'lime: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Jiefolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Jiefolved, That this House will immediately resolve itself into a Committee of t he whole House upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Althorpetook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Althorpe reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

The Lord Althorpe&ccovTiugly reported from the said

Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ditto. An ingrossed Bill for providing Quarters for certain Foreign Troops, lately employed in His Majesty's Service in the Defence of the Istand of Minorca, and expected to arrive soon in this kingdom, for a limited Time, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An .*Ct for providing Quarters for <vi tain Foreign Troops, lately employed in His Majesty's Serviceinthe Defence of the istand wt Minorca, and expected to arrive toon in this Kingdom, for a limits d i ime.

Ordered, That Air. Secretary at Aar do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Aprilis. A\ 1782.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom-ingnext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply' granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Marti* y 30* die Aprilis;

Anno 22* Georgii III. Regis, 178a.

Prayers.

PETITION of the Merchant Company of -Leith, was presented to the'House, and read; Stm Setting forth, That the Petitioners have maturely con-lidered the Bill more efTeftnally to supply with Seamen His Majesty's Ships of War when Occasion shall require, and to encourage Men, under certain Regulations and Bounties, voluntarily to engage themselves for that Service, whenever they shall be duly called for; which at the Close of the I alt Session was printed by Order of the House; and are of Opinion, that it is well calculated to answer the Purposes intended, and practicable in every Part; and that the Petitioners, after having longfeJt and lamented those expensive and dangerous Delays which the Naval Operations and Commercial Concerns of the British Empire have often fullered, are extremely

happy to find that a Bill, so well suited to prevent the like Evils in future, has so far obtained the Consideration and Sanction of the House: And therefore praying the House to resume the Consideration of the said Bill, and that it may, with such Alterations and Amendments as to the House shall seem meet, be passed into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com- j,n mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Inci.v. Lands and Grounds, within the Township in

the Parish of Gainford, in the County of Durham, was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. John Jione, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, impr;, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to of Tota.' consider of permitting the Importation of British Plantation Tobacco, from any neutral Island in America or the iVefi Indies, during the present Hostilities.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Wi.,u Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred y.ta. to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; anil afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as folio wet h; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Nine thousand Three hundred Twenty-thrce Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence, remaining in the Hands of the Paymaster General of the Forces, being the respited Pay of sundry Regiments lor the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, incurred between the 31st DaX

eftraming

Jirbold, :. from iving the ingdom.

Ffanover

Square

Paving.

22 GEO. III. '^ 3o°

of January 1781 and the ift. Day of February 1782, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-eight thousand Three hundred Forty-six Pounds and Five Shillings, remaining in the Hands of the Pavtnafter General of the Forces, being the respited Pay of sundry Regiments for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sevbilty-seven, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, incurred between the 31st Day of January 1781 and the id Day of February 1782, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ' That a Sum, not exceeding Seventeen thousand Four hundred and forty-eight Pounds, remaining in the Hands of the Paymaster General of the Forces, being the respited Pay of sundry Regiments for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, incurred between the 31st Day of January 1781 and the id Day of February 1782, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-seven thousand Three hundred Pounds, remaining in the Hands of the Paymaster General of the Forces,-being the respited Pay of sundry Regiments for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine,‘ be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His1 Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, incurn d between the 31st Day of January 1781 and the ift Day of February 1782, and not provided for by Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for restraining Sir Thomas Rumbvid, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom, for the Space of One Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and for discovering the Estate and Effects of Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, Peter Perringy and John White hill, Esquires, and for preventing the transporting or alienating of the fame, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refulvedy That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, refohe itself into a Committee of the Whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of Thomas Pitt, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,. intituled, "An Act for the more effec- tually paving, repairing, cleaiifing, and lighting, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Panages, and for tC regulating Weights and Measures, within the Parish 4C of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, 44 and for other Purposes therein mentioned;" and alledging, That Part of Oxford Road or Street Wes within the said Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, and Partin the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, and in other Parishes, and, in order that the said Street should be regularly and properly paved, cleansed, and lighted, the same is, by the said Act, put under the Care of the Commissioners thereby appointed, and they are fully authorized and impowered to regulate and manage the

VOL. 38.

fame, and to rate and assess all Houses, Buildings, and Premisses; fronting upon the said Street (although not situated within the said Parish of Saint Mary le Bone) for the several Purposes of the said Act; and representing to the House, that the Petitioner is Owner of certain Stables, Coach Houses, and Offices, which adjoin "pcm and front the said Street, and which he conceives ought to be rated and assessed by the said Commissioners towards the Repairs thereof, although the said Stables,

Coach Houses, and Offices, arefituate within the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square; and that the Petitioner is also Owner of a Dwelling House and of a Court Yard, which are both situated within the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, and neither the said House or Court Yard adjoin upon or front the said Street, notwithstanding whidh, the said Commissioners have rated and assessed the said Dwelling House and Court Yard for the several Purposes' of the said Act, which the Petitioner apprehends they are not authorized to do; and that a Bill is depending^ the House, for better paving, clerinf-ing*and lighting Part of the said Parish otSdfnt George Hanover Square, and for removing rind preventing Ntiifartces and Annoyances therein, and the Petitioner a'dbrehends that, if the said Bill should pafsinto a Law, his Dw elling House and Court Yard might be liable to be rated and affeflbd towards repairing the several Streets and other Places within tlfe said Parish of Saint George Hanover, Square, and in Consequence thereof, the Petitioner may be involved in a Law Suit, in order tof afeertairito wffiich of the Parishes his Dwelling House rind Court Yard ought to be rated and assessed for the*

Purposes aforesaid: And therefore praying the House to trike the Premises into Consideration, and that Provision; may be mdde in the said Bill, for ascertaining to Which of the said Parishes the Petitioner's said Dwelling House anti Coitrt Yard ill all for the future berritecl and assessed for the Purposes before-mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of tHc Committee, to whom the Bist for. better paving, cleansing, and lighting, Part of the Parish, R |

of Saint George Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, and for removing and preventing Nuisancetf and Annoyanbes therein, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

A Bill to prevent Persons going disguised, or with1 Game Laws. Arms or offensive Weapons, in the Night Time, in any Place except on the King's Highway, for the Purpose or underPretence of killing Game, was read a Secrind Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rose-warnc, Sir Edxbard Aftley, kc.: And they are to this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of Peter Perring, late of Fort Saint George, Bill of Pains Madras, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; -and Penalties Setting forth. That the Petitioner went to Madras as a s^r

Writer in the Service of the East India Company, in um"01 '

1758, and hath from that Time continued in India in the Service of the Company, in different Stations, for Twenty-two Years; viz. until April 1780, without ever having been in England, and without having had his Conduct censured or complained of either by his Superiors or Inferiors; and that the Petitioner, on the 8 th of October 1777, took his Seat as one of the Council of Fort Saint. George, and so continued till April 1780, but the Petitioner never was a Member of the Select Committee; and that in April 1780 the Petitioner, with the Permissionof theGovernor and Council, left Madras, arid camb to England, for the Benefit of his Health; and that the Petitioner hath this Day been informed, that the House Yesterday received from a Secret Com-

11 N mittee

964 3°° Aprilis. — 1° Mali. A. 1782.

ipittee, appointed by the House, certain Resolutions, and ordered that Leave should be given to bring in a Bill or Bills of Pains and Penalties against Sir Thomas Runtbold, Baronet, John WiiitelfiU, Esquire, and the Petitioner, in respedof Matters mentioned in the said Resolutions; and that most of the Transact ions charged or alluded to by the said Resolutions, are thereby Hated to have beeu t ran faded by the said Select Committee, of which the Petitioner never was a Member, and consequently never could take any Part in such Transactions; and it ap|>ears also from the said Resolutions, that the only Matters in which the Petitioner could take any . Part, either active or passive, are, with respect to the Committee of Circuit, the calling down the Zemindar's to AIadras, tho Appointment of SitteramRauze asDuan to Vizeram Rauze, and the leafing the Jaghire Lands to the Nabob of Arcot, the Petitioner, from his Station, not having the Power of acting or difeufling any Matter either Military or Political; and that the Petitioner is ready to answer any Charge which has or may be made Wgainst him, in such Manner as the House may think fit; but as the Charges against him are by the said Resolutions confined to the Heads above referred to, he hopes that his Conduct will not be involved and confounded in the Variety of Military and Political Tran-factions of others, referred to by the said Resolutions, ii\ which it already appears to the House he never did or could ad or take any Part; and that if the I louse should think fit to order any Proceedings* against him, the same may be distinct and separate from the Proceedings against the other Persons named in the said Resolutions: And therefore praying. That whatever proceedings the House may resolve On against him, the same may be separate and distinct: from the Proceedings against any other Person or Persons.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Committee Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to enquire of Enquiry into, and state to the House, the Amount of the several ^umfraised Sums rai^e<l by Annuities towards the Supply granted to by Annuities. His Majesty, between the 5th Day of January 1776 and the 5th Day of April 1782, with the Annual Interest payable thereupon, together with the Annual Produce of the feverar Taxes granted towards paying the Interest of the said Sums, and the Deficiencies thereof: And that the Committee do report the same to the House, with their Observations thereupon.

Resolved, That the Number of the said Committee be Fifteen.

Resolved, That the said Committee be chosen by Way of Ballotting.

Ordered, That the Members of this House do, Tomorrow at Two of the Clock, prepare Lifts, to be put into Glades, of Fifteen Persons Names, to be the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Glasses be placed upon the Table, and the said Lifts held up between the Finger and Thumb be put into the Glasses at the Table by the . Members called over for that Purpose, according to the Counties and Places they serve for, as the said Counties and Places are entered in the Return Book.

Robinfw* A Motion was made, and the Question being promotion. posed, That the Pension of One thousand Pounds per Annum, granted to Joint Rohinfon, Esquire, late Secretary of the Treasury, was unmerited by Public Service, and a lavith and improvident Expenditure of the Public Money;

And the previous Question being proposed. That that Question be now put;

Mr. RobinJ'on was heard in his Place.

And then he withdrew.

Then the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts of Account of all Grants, Pensions, and Reversions mnfioo«,&c, granted, which have been signed or countersigned by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, between the 1,5th Day of February last and the 30th Day of this Instant April; Specifying the Dates of such Grants, Pensions, and Reversions, and the Names of the Persons to whom such Grants were made.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the AdministrtHoi whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Reports which have been made from the Select Committees, appointed in the last and this present Session of Parliament, relating to the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till To-rporrovr Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, i° dieMait;

Anno 220 Georgii III1* Regis, 1782.

Praters.

A PETITION of the Owners and Commanders of Supplying Ships residing in the Cities of London and West- Seamen5 minster, and others concerned in the Commercial Interests of this Kingdom, was prefenled to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners have maturely con-lidered the Bill more effectually to supply with Seamen His Majesty's Ships of War when Occasion shall require, and to encourage Men, under certain Regulations and Bounties, voluntarily to engage themselves for that Service whepeveer they shall be duly called for; which at the Closeof the last Session was printed by Order of the House; and are clearly of Opinion that it is well calculated to answer ihe Purposes intended, and pradicable in every Part; and that the Petitioners, after having long felt and lamented those expensive and dangerous Delays which the Naval Operations and Commercial Concerns of the British Empire have often suffered by the present Mode of impressing Seamen, are extremely happy to find that a Bill, so well suited to prevent the like Evils in future, has so far obtained the Consideratipri and Sandion of the House: And therefore praying the House to resume the Consideration of the said Bill, and that it may, with such Alterations and Amendments as to the House shall seem meet, be passed into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Commit- Aflibom*, tee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Roads* Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled* " An Act for repairing and widening the High Road Iead-u ing from Ashborne, in the County of Derby, to the " Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and from c< RyecroflGale upon Rushton Common, to Congleton, in <c the County of Chester, and also the Road leading " from BlythMarfti, in the County of Stafford, through <c Chcadle, Oakamoor, and Blore, to the Turnpike Road " from Ashborne to Buxton, near Thorp, in the County of " Derby ft as relates to the District of Road between Ashborne and Congleton; and for repairing the Road from the End of Ashborne Church Yard to the Top of The Dig Street in Afiborne aforesaid, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Town Corporate of Congleton, in the County Palatine of Chester, and of several Gentlemen,

Clergy, and others, residing in or riear the said Town, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the

2 2 Geo. III. i0 Mmi.

Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Hill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

rtation A Petition of the Planters and Merchants whose oods Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves of h r'> an(* ot^ers hiterested in the islands of Saint Christopher, F Nevis, and Mon tferr at, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said islands have been lately taken by the Anns of France, and that, by the Twelfth Article of the Capitulation of the islands of Saint Christopher and Nevis, as also by the Twelfth Article of the Capitulation of Montserrat, it is covenanted, " That the Vessels which the Inhabitants of the said " islands expect from the Ports of England, or from any , " of the Possessions of his Britannic Majesty, shall be cc received in the said islands during the Space of Six c< Months, and that they may load them to return under " Neutral Colours even for the Ports of Great Britain, <c with the particular Permission of the Governor;" and that, by an additional Article of the Capitulation of the islands of Saint Christopher and Nevis, as also by the Fourteenth Article of the Capitulation of Monl-ferrat, it is moreover covenanted generally, "That the " Inhabitants of the said islands may, with the Permission ts of the Governor, export their Merchandize in Neutral "Vesselsto all the Ports of Europe and America:" And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for allowing the Importation of Goods of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the said islands of Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Montserrat, into any Ports of His Majesty's Dominions in Europe or America, on Board British or Neutral Vessels, upon Payment of the same Duties to which like Goods of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of the British West India islands are subject.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Rtfohed, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

flying A Bill more effectually to supply with Seamen His men. Majesty's Ships of War, when Occasion shall require, and to encourage Men, under certain Regulations and Bounties, voluntarily to engage themselves for that Service whenever they shall be duly called forth, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill 'be committed to Sir Herbert Mackworth, Sir Charles Turner, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

invitee The Order of the Day being read, for the Members nqinry to prepare Lifts, to be put into Glasses, of Fifteen is raided Persons Names, to be the Committee appointed to Annuities, enquire into, and state to the House, the Amount of the several Sums raised by Annuities towards the Supply granted to His Majesty, between the5th Day of January 1776 and the 5th Day of April 1782, with the Annual Interest payable thereupon, together with the Annual Produce of the several Taxes granted towards pay ing the Interest of the said Sums, and the Deficiencies thereof; And to report the same to the House, with their Observations thereupon;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go with the Mace into the Speaker's Chambers, the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and VoL. 38.

summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The Order made Yesterday, directing the Method of putting the said Lifts into Glasses, w'as read.

Then the Names of the Members being called over, according to that Order, those w'ho then appeared severally put the Lifts by them prepared into the Glasses at the Table.

And the Names of such Members as did not then appear were taken down.

And their Names being again called over, several of those Members appeared, and in like Manner put the Lifts, by them prepared, into the said Glasses.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the said Lifts, and to report to the House upon which Fifteen Persons the Majority falls.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Byng, Mr. Ord, Mr. Baker, Mr. Elwes, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Martin, Mr. Cox, Mr. Pany, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Trevanion, Mr. Phipps, Mr. Huffey, Mr. Smith, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Darker, the Earl of Surrey % Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Scott, Mr. Wraxhall, Mr. Dimfdale, Mr. Honywood, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Pochin, Mr. Owen, Mr. Eyre, Mr. Parker, or any Five of them; and they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Secretary Fox presented to the House, by His Irish Affairs. Majesty's Command,

Copy of the Message to the Houses of Lords and Commons in Ireland, from his Grace the Lord Lieutenant, delivered the 16th April 1782: And also,

Copy of a Resolution of the House of Lords in Ireland, Mercurii, 170 die Apr His 1782: And also,

Copy of a Resolution of the House of Commons in Ireland, Mortis, 160 die Aprilis 1782.

And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

The said Copies are as followeth ;1 viz.

Copy of the Message to ttye Houses of Lords and Commons in Ireland, from his Grace the Lord Lieutenant; delivered the 16th April 1782.

Portland.

I have it in Command from His Majesty, to inform this House, That His Majesty being concerned to find that Di fcon tents and J ealoufies are prevailing among His loyal Subjects of this Country, upon Matters of great Weight and Importance, His Majesty recommends to this House to take the same into their moil serious Consideration, in Order to such a final Adjustment as may give mutual Satisfaction to His Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland.

P.

Copy of a Resolution of the House of Lords in Ireland, Mercurii, 170 die Apr ilis 1782.

Die Mercurii, 170 Aprilis 1782.

Resolved, By the Lords Spiritual and Temporal in Parliament assembled, Nemine dissentiente, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return Him our Thanks for the most gracious Message sent to this House by His Majesty's Command, through the Medium of hisGrace the Lord Lieutenant; and to assure Him of our most unftiaken Loyalty and Attachment to His Majesty's Person and Government, and of the lively Sense we entertain of His paternal Care of His People of Ireland, in thus enquiring into the Discontents and Jealousies that subsist amongst them, in order to such final Adjustment as may give mutual Satisfaction to His Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland:

That, thus encouraged by His Royal Interpofltion, we shall beg Leave, with all Duty and Affection, to lay before His Majesty the causesof such Discontents and Jealousies:

Tri(h

Affairs.

066 i° Maii. A. 1782.

To represent to His Majesty, That His Subjects of Ireland are entitled to a free Constitution; that the Imperial Crown of Ireland is inseparably annexed to the Crown of Great Britain, on which Connection the Ilap-piaefs of both Nations essentially depends; but that the Kingdom of Ireland is a distinct Dominion, having a Parliament of her own, the foie Legislature thereof:

That there is no Power whatsoever competent to make Laws to bind this Nation, except the King, Ixtrds, and Commons of Irelan; upon which exclusive Right -of Legidation we eonfider the very Essence of our Liberties to depend, a Right which we claim as the Birthright of the People of , and which we

are determined, in every Situation of Life, to assert and maintain:

To represent to His Majesty, That we have seen ' with Concern certain Claims, both of Legislature and Judicature, asserted by the Parliament of Great,

in an Act passed in Great Britain in the Sixth Year of George the First, intituled, "An Act for the better securing the Dependency of upon the Crown

u of Great Britain

That we conceive the said Act, and the Powers thereby claimed, to be the great and principal Causes of the Discontents and Jealousies that subsist in this Kingdom:

To allure His Majesty, That this House considers it as a Matter of conliitutional Right and Protection, that all Bills which become Law should receive the Approbation of His Majesty, under the Seal of Great Britain; but we consider the Practice of suppressing our Bills in the Council of Ireland, or altering them any where, to be a Matter which calls for Redress:

To represent to His Majesty, That an Act, intituled,

" An Act for the better Accommodation of His Majesty's Forces," being unlimited in Duration, but which, from the particular CircUmstancesof the Times', passed into a Law, has been the Cause of much Jealously and Discontent in this Kingdom:

That we have thought it our Duty to lay before His Majesty these, the*principal Causes of the Discontents awl'Jealousies fubfiliing in this Kingdom:

That we have tlffe greatest Reliance on His Majesty's Wisdom, the moll sanguine Expectations from His virtuous Choice of a. Chief Governor, and the greatest Confidence in the wife and conliitutional Council His Majesty has adopted:

That we have moreover a high Sense and Veneration for the British CharaCler; and do therefore conceive,

that the'Proceedings of* this Country, founded as they are in Right, and'supported by Conliitutional Liberty, mull' have' excited the Approbation and Elteem of the British'Nation; That we are the more confirmed in this Hope, inasmuch as the People of this Kingdom have never expressed a Desire to share the Freedom oi Great Britain, without at the same Time declaring their Determination to share her Fate, Handing or felling with the British Nation.

W* Watts G } Cler. £dw* Gayer, 5 Parliament.

Copy of a Resolution of the House of Commons in Ireland, Mortis, 160 die 1782.

Martis, 160 die Aprilis 1782.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to l lis Majesty, to return His Majesty tire Thanks of this l louse, for His most gracious Meftage to this House, signified by his Grace the Lord Lieutenant: To allure His Majesty of ourunlliakei! Attachment to His Majesty's Person and Government, and of our lively Sense of His paternal Care, in thus taking the Lead to administer Content to His Majesty's Subjects of Ireland; that thus encouraged by llis Royal Interposition, we shall beg Leave, with all Duty and Affection, to lay before llis Majesty the Causes of our Discontents and 22

Jealousies: To aflhrc His Majesty, that His Subjects of Ireland are a free People; that the Crown of Ireland is an Imperial Crown, inseparably annexed to the Crown of Great Britain, on which Connection the Interests and Happiness of both Nations essentially depend; but that the Kingdom of Ireland is a distinot Kingdom, with a Parliament of her own, the foie Legislature thereof; that there is no Body of Men competent to make Laws to bind this Nation, except the King, Lords, and Commons of Ireland, nor any other Parliament which hath any Authority or Power of any Sort whatsoever in this Co u 11 try, fa ve only the Parliament of IrelandTo ashire His Majesty, that we humbly conceive, that in this Right the very Essence of our Liberties exists; a Right which we, on the Part of all the People of do

claim as their Birthright, and which we cannot yield but with our Lives: To allure His Majesty, that we have seen with Concern certain Claims advanced by the Parliament of Great Britain, in an Act, intituled, "An Act

" for the better feenring the Dependency of/re/awi/;" aa Act containing Matter entirely irreconcileable to the fundamental Rights of this Nation; that we consider this Act, and the Claims it advances, to lie the great and principal'Cause of the Discontents and Jealousies in this Kingdom: To allure His Majesty, that His Majesty's Commons of Ireland do most sincerely with, that all Bills which become Law in Ireland should receive the Approbation of llis Majesty, under the Seal of Great Britain; but that yet we do confide/ the Practice of suppressing our Bills in the Council of or alter-

ing the same any where, to be another just Cause of Discontent and Jealously: To allure His Majesty, th^t an Act, intituled, "An Act for the better Accommodation of His Majesty's Forces," being unlimited in Duration, and defective' in other Instances, but passed in that Shape from the particular Circutnftances of the Times, is another just Caiife of Discontent and Jealously in this Kingdom: That we have submitted these, the principal Causes of the present Discontent and Jealously in Ireland, and remain in humble Expectation of Redress; that we have the greatest. Reliance on His Majesty's Wisdom, the moll sanguine Expectations from His virtuous Choice of a Chief Governor, and great Confidence in the wife, auspicious, and conllitu-tionalCouncils which we fee with Satisfaction His Mar jesty has adopted; that we have moreover a high Sense and Veneration for the British Character, and do therefore conceive, that the Proceedings of this Country, founded as they were in Right, and tempered by Duty, mull haveexcited the Approbation and Esteem, instead of wounding tile Pride of the' British Nation: and we beg Leave to allure His Majesty, that we are the more confirmed in this Hope, inasmuch as the People of this Kingdom have never expressed a Desire to share the Freedom of England, without declaringaDetermination

to share her Fate likewise. Handing and falling with the British Nation.

Tho' Ellis, Cler. Pari! Dom. Com.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported, from the War'll Committee of Secrecy appointed to enquire into the &sS'l Causes of the War that now fubilils in the Carnatic, j and of the present Condition of the British Possessionsm those Parts, ami to report the same to the House, with" their Observalions thereupon, respecting the Non-attendance of ... . Lewin, Esquire, and Thomas

diner, on the said Committee, pursuant to their Orders for that Purpose; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vfc.

That the said Committee did, upon Monday lait, call before them, and examine.....Lewin (who in-

formed the Committee that he was Secretary to the

' 'Council

22 Geo. III.

i° Ma

967

and for ipreventing the transporting or alienating of the fame, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-resolve itself into the said Committee.

Council of Madras at the Time John Whitehill, Esquire, was Governor of that Presidency) with respect to the said Mr. Whitehill's being gone out of this Kingdom; and ordered the said Mr. I*ezvin to attend the said Committee lagain Yesterday; which he negJe&ed to do, but sent a Letter to the Chairman, saying, he had been taken ill after his Return from the Committee the preceding Day; and humbly soliciting the Permission of the Committee to wave the Attendance then required of him, that he might, when recovered, be more in a Condition to go through the Examination intended by the Committee.

That the said Committee then examimed Mr. Williams, one of the Messengers belonging to this House, who had been employed to serve the said Mr. Lewin with the Order of the Committee; and the said Messenger said, that he attended at Mr Lewin)* House, in Charlotte Street, Rathhone Place, Yesterday Morning, at Ten o'Clock, in order to serve the said Order; when he was informed by a Servant, that his Master was not within, but expected to be at Home soon, and he would give him the Order.

That the said Committee of Secrecy had issued their Order for Mr. Lewin and his Servant to attend on this Day, but they uot appearing, the said Messenger was called before the Committee, and declared, that he

went Yesterday to Mr. Lacin'* House with the Orders, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House and saw the said Servant (Thos Gardiner) who said, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Ins Master was not at Home; and on his shewing his to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Surprize at such an Answer, considering the Note he, Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read

ing,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Importation to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Tobacco, to consider of permitting the Importation of British Plantation Tobacco from any neutral Island in America or the West Indies, during the present Hostilities, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagurepovled from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ways and Mean*.

ommiitee ft Coinage.

eftraining

tumbold, fee from raving the kingdom.

Mr Lewin, had sent to the Committee, the said Servant insisted his said Master was walked out for a little Air; whereupon he, the Messenger, left with the said Thomas Gardiner the Orders for his and the said Mr. Lcioin's Attendance at the Committee This Day at Twelve o'Clock.-

Resolved, That the said l.....Lewin, Esquire, late

Secretary to the Council of Madras, having disobeyed several Orders of the Committee of Secrecy appointed to enquire into the Causes of the War that now subsists in the Carnatic, and of the present Condition of the British Post'eflions in those Parts, for his Attendance on the said Committee Yesterday and this Morning, is thereby guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said.....Lewin, Esquire,

be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this Ilonfe.

Resolved, That Thomas Gardiner, Servant to the said.....Lewin, Esquire, having disobeyed an Order of the said Committee, for his Attendance on the said Committee this Morning, is thereby guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Gardiner be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of the State of the Coinage of Money in this Kingdom, and the Expences incident thereto, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

1.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for restraining Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom for the Space of One Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for discovering the Estate and Elfefts of Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, Peter Perring, and John Whitehill, Esquires,

Vol. 38.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Frederick Montagu also acquainted the Ho fe. That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may' have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to enable His Majesty to conclude a Peace or Truce with the revolted Colonies in North America;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Elwes, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Reports which have been made from the Select Committees, appointed in the last and this present Session of Parliament, relating to the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffa, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at £he Clerk's 1 able.

11 O Ordered\

Bill to enable His Majesty to make Peace with Ame. rica.

Supply.

Administration of J11 Uice in Bengal.

2° Mail

5*58

1

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

A. 1782.

House, and what Part of the same has been incurred without the Authority of Parliament.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That, together with a State of the Fads, they do report to the House their Observations on the several Matters referred to their Consideration.

Committee of Enquiry respecting Sums raised

jfovisy 2° die Man;

Anno 22* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

MR. Ord reported from the Committee, who were appointed to examine the Lists of Fifteen Persons Names to be the Committee appointed to enquire by Annuities. into, and state to the House, the Amount of the several Sums raised by Annuities towards the Supply granted to His Majesty, between the 5th Day of January 17 76 and the .5th Day of April 1782, with the Annual Interest payable thereupon, together with the Annual Produce of the several Taxes granted towards paying the Interest of the said Sums, and the Deficiencies thereof, and to report the same to the House, with their Observations thereupon; and to report to the House upon which Fifteen Persons the Majority fell; That the Committee had examined the Lifts accordingly; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee find that the Majority hath fallen upon the following Persons; viz.

Thomas Pitt, Esquire - 249

The Honourable William Pill - - 247

William Hu fey, Esquire - 165

Sir Gilbert EUiot,. Baronet - 162

The Honourable Charles Marsham - 162

William Baker, Esquire - 158

George By tig, Esquire - 158

Thomas Powys, Esquire - 158

The. Right Honourable Isaac Barvi - J57

Henry Buncombe, Esquire - 156

William Morton Pitt, Esquire - 156

Samuel Salt, Esquire - 156

William Wilberforcd', Esquire - 156

Sir George Shuckburgh, Baronet - - 155

William Ewer, Esquire 140

Ordered, That the said Committee, or any Five of them, do meet To morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and-have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do examine into, and state to the House, the Amount of the Public Debts as they stood at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer on the 5th Day of January in every Year, from the Year 1776 to the Year 1782, both iriclusive, with the Annual Interest or other Charges payable thereupon.

Ordered, That it be an I nft ruction to the said Committee, That they do examine into, and state to the House, the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, Navy Bills, Ordnance Debentures, and other unfunded Debts.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do esquire and report to the House, the Amount of the several Sums expended between the 5th Day of January 1776 and the 5th Day of April 1782, on the Heads of the Navy, Army, and Ordnance Services; distinguishing what Part of the said Sums has been granted upon Estimates laid before this 16

Mr. Penruddock presented to the House, according to Stanton Saint Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Commen Fields and Commonable Places within the Parish of Stanton Saint Quint in, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the FirstTirne.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of DutJron the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an act- ^obacC0, ditional Duty upon Tobacco, and for repealing certain Duties payable upon' the Importation of Brandy and Arrack, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do make the Report from Wa^ the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- and McU* ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Refuived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Eight Pence per Pound Weight be laid upon all Snuff imported into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said additional Duty shall be subject and liable to the Payment of the Duty or Charge of Five Pounds per Centum, laid upon the Produce and Amount of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise, by an A6fc made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His p refen Majesty.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Quession severally put thereupon,

agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Infirufoion to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an additional Duty upon Tobacco, and for repealing certain Duties payable upon the Importation of Brandy and Arrack, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, is re-committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuanl to the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do make the Report from Importation the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was of Totwcw.

referred

7 Bridge.

oreditch

ough

icknev

acts.

:portation I. Hops.

taftington

acloluie.

cl 2 Geo. III. 2

referred to confi:ler of permitting the Importation of British Plantation Tobacco from any Neutral Island in America or the West Indies, during the present Hostilities.

Mr. Ord accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio wet h; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Importation of British Plantation Tobacco from any Neutral Island in America or the West Indies, l*e permitted during the present Hostilities.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Ord and Mr. 6'trachey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Grey Cooper reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Stone Bridge cross the River of Thames, from the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore in the Hamlet of Keiv, in the County of Surrey, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally pul thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for erecting Steps on the West Side of the Bridge.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for preventing Ferrying from the said Steps.

And the said Clause was TtficC read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the lloule, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts, pafledjin the Eleventh, Twenty-sixth, and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Shoreditch tbi ough Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath over Bethnal Green to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Byng, Mr. Moranty &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon t he Bill for encouraging the Exportation of Hops I of British Growth to and for Ireland, by Way of Mer-chanoize, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Rifolved, That this House will, upon this l)ay Seven-night, relblve itself into the said Committee.

Sir William Guise presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Vt)L. 38.

Mail.

9*9

Cricklade

Writ.

Common Failures, and Common Downs, in the Hamlet or Tything of Eastington, otherwise Nothlcach For-reigiiy in the Manor of Eastinglon and Parish of North-leach, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do not issue his Warrant, for the making out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Crick-lade, in the County of Wilts, before Tuesday Three Weeks, the 28th Day of this Instant May.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Importation to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ®f Goods to consider of the Petition of the Planters 'and Mer- ch^stopher'* chants whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in-be &c. half of themselves and others interested in the Islands of Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Montserrat, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Minchin took the Chair of the Committee

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Minchin reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Minchin accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing the Importation of Goods of the Growth,

Produce, or Manufacture of the Islands of Saint Chris

topher, Nevis, and Montserrat, into any Ports of His Majesty's Dominions in Europe or America, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties.

And Mr. Minchin moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing the Importation of Goods, of the Growth,

Produce, or Manufacture of the Islands of Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Montserrat, into any Ports of FI is Majesty's Dominions in Europe or America, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties: And that Mr.

Minchin, Mr. Molintux, and Mr. Marsham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for providing Quarters for certain Foreign Troops, lately employed in His Majesty's Service in the Defence of the Island of Minorca, and expected to arrive soon in this Kingdom, for a limited Time; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Ransoming of Ships or Vessels captured from His Majesty's Subjects, and of the Merchandize or Goods on Board such Ships or Vessels; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex, and for providing a proper Workhouse and Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish; and for opening certain Communicatons and making certain Streets within the said Parish; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords havepafled a Bill, intituled, An Act to diflolvethe Marriage of John Newton, Esquire, with Catherine Seymour, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again ;and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Floufe.

Quartering

Miuorca

Troop*.

Ransoming

of

Captures.

Wapping Poor, &c.

Newton's

Divorce.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An

970

1° Mail. A. 1782.

Afliborne, An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers kc. lloads. of fG much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repairing and widening the High Road leading from " A/hborne, in the County of Derby, to the Town of " Leek, in the County of Stafford, and from Ryecroft " Gate, upon Rujkton Common, to Congleton, in the " County of C/ieJler, and also the Road leading from " Blyth Marshy in the County of Stafford, through " Cheadlc, Oakamoor, and Blore, to the Turnpike Road " from Ashborne to Buxtony near Thorpe, in the County " cf Derby" as relates to the District of Road between Ashborne and Congleton; and for repairing the Road from the End of Ashborne Church Yard to the Top of The Dig Street, in Ashborne aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,c< An Act for repair- ing and widening the High Road leading from " Ashborne, in the County of Derby, to the Town of <£ Leek, in the County of Stafford, and from Ryecroft " Gate, upon Rushton Common, to Congleton, in the " County of Chester, and also the Road leading from " Blyth Marshy in the County of Stafford, through " Cheadle, Oakamoor, and Blore, to the Turnpike " Road from Ashborne to Buxton, near Thorpe, in the €t County of Derbyas relates to the District of Road between Ashborne and Congleton-, and for repairing the Road from the End of Ashborne Church Yard to the Top of The Dig Street, in Ashborne aforesaid.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

I-ord John Cavendish acquainted the House, That he Civil lilt! had a Message from fiis Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty: and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty has found, with Ooncern, that notwithstanding the Two several Payments of the Civil List Debt, and the subsequent Increase of the Civil List Revenue, a considerable Debt is since incurred: His Majesty, therefore, desires the Advice and Aid of the House of Commons, as to the Mode of discharging that Debt, and preventing the like in future, without laying any new Burthen on His People, whom it is ever His Wnh, as much as possible, to relieve.

For these Purposes His Majesty lays before the House, the Plan of Reform which He has judged proper

to make in HisEftabliflimeptf, to be perfected by the Wisdom of Parliament, for the Honour of the Crown and the Public Benefit.

G. R.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicmte, That an humble Addrefioi Address be presented to His Majesty, to allure His Mef&gc, Majesty, that this House, affected with the most grateful Sense of His Majesty's Goodness, in desiring the Advice of this House with regard to the Discharge of the Debt affecting His Civil List Revenue, and for preventing the like in future, without any new Burthen on His People, will take into immediate Confutation His Majesty's most Gracious Message; and that His faithful Commons will apply themselves without Delay, to find the bell Means of providing for the Discharge of the Debt on the Civil List, and will life their best Endeavours to give Stability and Effect to the Reform which His Majesty has been graciously pleased to make in His Establishments, for the Honour of the Crown and the Public Benefit; and that this House, in Imitation of such an Example, will hold themselves particularly bound to make every Exertion in their Power to establish a strict Economy in all the Brauches of the Public Expenditure.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty's said most Gracious Message into Consideration.

Lord John Cavendish presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Account of the several Sums which were due Account; and unpaid at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Civil Expence of His Majesty's Civil Government, on the .^thDayof April 1782, as near as the same can at present be ascertained, with the Money applicable toward^ discharging the fame, and the Debt remaining unprovided for: And also,

Abstract of a Plan for relieving His Majesty's Civil List from its present Burthens, and for preventing the Increase of its Debt.

And the Titles of the said Account and Abstract were read.

The said Account and Abstract are as followeth;

viz.

An

22 Geo. III.

2° Mail

971

Ax ACCOUNT of the several Sums which were due, and unpaid, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Expence of Mis Majesty's Civil Government, on the 5th Day of April 1781, as near as the same can at present be ascertained; with the Money applicable towards discharging the fame, and the Debt remaining unprovided for j viz*.

To Her Majesty the Queen, on £.50,000 per Annum - -

To His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, on £. 20,204. 12s. yd. per Annum To defray incidental Expences for His said Royal Highness - - - „ -

For the Princes Frederick, William, Edward, Ernest Augustus, and Adolphus -To defray incidental Expences for the said Princes ——

To the Duke of Cumberland, on £.9,000 per Annum ——

For Pensions to the Servants of the late Queen -

For Pensions to the Servants of the late Princess Dowager of Wales - -

To the Cofferer of His Majesty's Household ——

To the Treasurer of the Chamber ——

To the Mailer of the Great Wardrobe -

For His Majesty's Works and Gardens ——

For the Extraordinaries of His Majesty s Stables - -

To His Majesty s Geldsmith, for Piate ——

For the Mailer of the Robes ——

To Foreign Ministers, on their Ordinary and Extraordinary Allowances -For Fees and Salaries to Officers, payable at the Exchequer, and also for Pensions and Annuities payable at D# -

For Pensions and Bounties paid by Lord Gage ——

To the Band of Gentlemen Pensioners ——

To the Secretaries of State, for Secret Service - - w - -

To the Secretary of the Post Office, D#.....- - -

Contingencies of divers Natures; viz*.

£ s-

To the King's Printer - - - 3,770 7

For Incidents of the Board of Trade, by Estimate - 1,500 —

To the Usher of the Court of Exchequer - - - - 245 14

To the Usher of the Receipt of Exchequer - - - - 18,23 78

To D*, for Pav of Watchmen - - 108 —

To Ben* Schuller, for Necessaries furnished the Treasury - - - 120 —

For Rent for the Privy Seal Office ----- -- 516

For D* for Secretary of State's Office - 1^5 12

For D° of Mote Park - - - 16115

For D* of Cumberland House - -.....- 316 18

To the Under C lerks of the Council ----- -- 100 —

For Chelsea Water.....---- - 26 7

To sundry Sheriffs, for Conviction of Felons, Sc. - 1,740 —

To 77/p* Sandby, for Disbursements in Windsor Forest, by Estimate - 2,400 —

To Sir Henry Clinton, one of the Commissioners for restoring Peace to

America - -..... - - - - 5>357 lS

Admiral Digby, another for D° ----- -- - 5,357 15

d.

6

4

31

£ s. d.

12,500 — —

5.051 3 14

3,616 5 —

2,750 — T7-

98. 11 2

2,250 — —

749 11 —

6,260 8 9

75.656 11 n

35.400 *5 4

>5»552 12 7

49>742 — 3*

4,646 6 11

799 3 4

1.765 7 8

42,262 2 —

80,5l8 16 1

46,706 9 7

3,000 — —

2,250 — —

i,784 16 —

594,244 — 6{

Towards satisfying the above Sums, there remained in the Exchequer on the 5 th of April -

To which, adding the Money paid out of the Civil List, to be replaced out of the Supplies granted for 1782; visf. £

Sundry ^Payments on Addresses ----- 8,908 9 ij

To Mr. Duncan Campbell, for confining, maintaining, and

employing Conyitts on the River Thames - - 14,719 4 —

And the Sum paid to Milward Rowe, Esquire, before the 5th of Anvil 1782, for the Relief and Support of sundry Civil Officers who have fuftered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Government - 73,704 8 —

40.713

d.

n|

97,33*

W1 ieh being deducted, will leave the Debt to be provided for on the 5th of April 1782

39,649 — 10*

433.893 1 5

>38.075 3 —

195,817 18 4i

Vol. 38.

II p

ABSTRACT

97 2

ABSTRACT of a PLAN

Offices suppressed.

ift.

The Office of Third Secretary of State.

ad.

Board of Trade.

3i.

Lords of Trade and Police in Scotland.

4th.

Board of Works.

5th.

Great Wardrobe.

6th.

Jewel Office.

7th.

Treasurer of the Chamber.

8th.

CoflVrer of the Household.

qth.

Six Clerks of the Board of Green Cloth to be aboli filed.

a" Mail

A. 1782.

for relieving His Majesty's Civil List from its present Burthens; and for preventing the Increase of its Debt.

How supplied.

Amount of Saving.

ill.

lie Duty to be done as heretofore, by the other Two principal Secretaries of State. Estimated at

ad.

Duty to be done by a Committee of the Privy Council as it was done before the Inflitu-tion of the present Board of Trade.

Somewhat more than

£ 7»500 ——

12,600 —

3d

This Board has no Duties to be transferred. - ----- - 6,600 ——

' 4th.

Their Duty to be executed, fq far as it regards Buildings, by the Comptroller of His Majesty's Buildings; so far as it regards Gardens, by an Officer to^e called Surveyor or Comptroller of His Majesty's Gardens; Persons actually professing the Arts

of Building, and improving

Ground.- ----- -- 7,462 ——

5th.

Duties to be executed by the Di-. reOtion of the Lord Chamberlain. ----- ----- 3,506 — —

6th.

Duties to be executed by the Direction of the Lord Cham-

lain. About ----- 2,000 — —

besides Fees.

7 th.

Payments to be made at the Exchequer. Savings not yet exactly ascertained. The chief Profits of this Office in Fees on Payments but those Fees being saved, saves so much to the Civil List. It may be about - 3,000 — —

8th.

Payments to be made at the Exchequer. D* of the Cofferer, about - - 3,000 — —

9th.

Their Duties to be executed by the Master of the Household, with proper efficient Officers

under him.....---- - 8,000 — —

The other Savings not brought to account, as it is not yet possible to estimate them; but they mud be considerable when once the subordinate Detail of Office is regulated.

That Advantage cannot be immediate.

loth. The

.iniftra-of Juf-in Ben-ftc.

22 Geo. III. 2° Man. 973

10th. 10th.

The Department of the Matter of the Horse to be regulated.

nth. nth.

Pensions not to exceed a Sum All Pensions to be paid at certain, and Paymaster of the the Exchequer. The future Pensions to be suppressed. Amount of Pensions to be

limited. About - 1,200 — —

besides Fees, amounting per

Annum to about - - 1,500 — —

12th. 12th.

The Office of Matter of the Harriers, and also the Office of

Matter of the Stag Hounds. - 3,000 — —

13th. 13th.

The whole present Establishment To be provided for by Contraft of the Mint, with all the Of- with the Governor of the Bank, fices dependent thereon. or otherwise, proper Attention

being given that the Value of the Coiu is not endangered by the Arrangement.

.; >;$

*> ilVov (?*;' ./! !*h VJn.i*

14th. 14th.

Band of Pensioners to be regu- To be composed in future of

lated. Officers 011 Half Pay. No Saving, but will have a

more respectable Appear-

ance, besides being an Encouragement to the M ilitary

Service.

£. 72,368 ——

That an invariable Order of Payments shall take place, which it shall not be lawful for the Lords of the Treasury to depart from. The Payments are to be classed. The First Class (in Regard to Dignity) to be His Majesty's Expences, and those of the Royal Family. The other Gaffes to be arranged as may best preserve the Punctuality necessary for His Majesty's Honour, and the Cheapness of the Supply, which is always the Result of punctual Payment.

- 3,000 — —

besides Fees, amounting on an Average to, per Annum, and upwards - 10,000 ——

Ordered, That the said Account and Abstract be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to take into Consideration His Majesty's moil Gracious Message.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it w as referred to consider of the several Reports which have been made from the Select Committees appointed in the lastand this present Session of Parliament, relating to the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and OriJJa.

And the Resolutions of the Committee were read $ and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is the Duty of the Chairman and Directors of the East India Company to transmit, with all convenient Speed, and by all fitting Ways and Means, to India, all Acts of Parliament relative to the Company's Affairs, and the ordering and governing their Servants within the Limits of their Charter; and to take such Steps as may be most conducive towards effecting the Purposes of the Legislature for the Relief of the Natives.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Lawrence Sulivan, Esquire, Chairman of the East India Company, did cause to be made an Entry in the

Vol. 38.

Minutes of the Court of Directors, containing an untrue Account of a Conference held with certain Members of the House on the 27 th Day of June last; by Means whereof the Provision, *- hich according to an Engagement entered into by him on his own Part, and on Behalf of the Court of Directors, for the Relief of certain Natives confined in the Common Gaol of Calcutta, appears to have been unnecessarily and dangerously delayed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said LawrenceSulivan, Esquire, did not do what he might and ought to have done towards the early and effectual Transmission of an Act of Parliament of the last Session, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend " so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of " the Reign of I Iis present Majesty, intituled, "An " Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better " Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europef as relates to the st Administration of Justice in Bengal; and for the " Relief of certain Persons imprisoned at Calcutta in " Bengal, under a Judgment of the Supreme Court of " Judicature; and also for indemnifying the Governor " General and Council of Bengal, and all Officers who " have acted under their Orders or Authority, in the " undue Resistance made to the Process of the Supreme <c Court," to India; by which Delay the good Purposes of the said Act, in regulating the Judicature in Bengal,

and

dr

Administrt-tion of Justice inBengal, &c.

794 2° Mali.j4. 1782,

and in providing Relief to individual Natives, as well as to the People at large, may be frustrated.

Refulved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the giving and enforcing Oaths of Secrecy, without Authority of Law, and without any Exception to the same of Examination by a competent legal Authority, is an Offence, and tends to the Destruction of all judicial Proceeding and parliamentary Enquiry.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Lawrence Sulivan, Esquire, did enforce the Observance

of an Oath of Secrecy of the Nature and Effect mentioned in the last Resolution, upon Mr. one of the Secretaries or Clerks of the East India Company, specially restraining him from giving Information to a Select Committee of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the holding, by any Judge of the Supreme Court at Fort William in Bengal, an Office granted by, and tenable at the Pleasureot, the Servants of the East India Company, is against the good Purposes and Policy of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain " Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs " of the East India Company, as well in India as in " Europe," and tends to create a Dependance in the said Supreme Court upon those over whose Actions that Court was intended as a Controul.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Appointments of Offices of the aforesaid Description, to any Judge of the Supreme Court, ought to be held null and void, and that the Directors of the East India Company should order the same to be in Fast annulled and vacated accordingly.

Resolved, That Warren H Esquire, Governor General of Bengal, and Sir Elijah Impey, Knight, Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of William in Bengal, appear to this Committee to have been concerned, the one in giving, the other in receiving, an Office not agreeable to the true Intent aind Meaning of the Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the " better Management of the Affairs of the East India " Company, as well in India as in Europe which tin-justifiable Transaction between them was attended with Circumstances of evil Tendency and Example.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Powers given to the Governor General and Council of Bengal, by an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for " establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company,

" as well in India as in Europe," ought to be more distiuftly ascertained.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it will be proper to reduce into one Act the leve-ral Acts of Parliament made to regulate the East India Company, and further to explain and amend the fame, and also to make new Regulations and Provisions to the same End.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rfolved, That this House will immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Ordered, That the several Reports which have been made from the Select Committees, appointed in the last and this present Session of Parliament, relating to the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Baiun-, and Orijfa, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. E/westook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Spe aker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committed, That they had come to several Refdutions; which they had <h-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Elioes accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had <ii-rested him to report to the House *, which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read j and are as so!-loweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is the Duty of the Chairman and Directors of the East India Company to transmit, with all convenient Speed, and by all fitting Ways and Means, to all-Acts of Parliament relative to the Company's Affairs, and the ordering and governing their Servants within the Limits of their Charter; and to take fncli Steps as may be most conducive towards effecting the Purposes of the Legislature for the Relief of the Natives.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Lawrence Sulivan, Esquire, Chairman of the East India Company, did cause to be made an Entry in the Minutes of the Court of Directors, containing an untrue Account of a Conference held with certain Members of the House on the 27th Day of June last; by Means whereof the Provision, which according to an Engagement entered into by him on his own Part, and on Behalf of the Court of Directors, for the Relief of certain Natives confined in- the common Gaol of Calcutta, appears to have been unnecessarily and dangerously delayed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Lawrence Sulivan, Esquire, did not do what he might and ought to have done towards the early and effectual Transmission of an Act of Parliament of the last Session, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend so " much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An Art " for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company,

" as well in India as in Europe," as relates to the Administration of Justice in Bengand for the Relief of " certain Persons imprisoned at Calcutta in Bengal,

" under a Judgment of the Supreme Court of Judicature; and also for indemnifying the Governor General and Council of Bengal, and all Officers who have acted under their Orders or Authority, in the " undue Resistance made to the Processof the Supreme " Court," to India; by which Delay the good Purposes of the said Act, in regulating the Judicature in Bengal, and in providing Relief to individual Natives, as well as to the People at large, may be frustrated.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the giving and enforcing Oaths of Secrecy, without Authority of Law, and without any Exception to the same of Examination by a competent legal Authority, is an Offence, and tends to the Destruction of all judicial Proceeding and parliamentary Enquiry.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Lawrence Sulivan, Esquire, did enforce the Observance of an Oath of Secrecy, of the Nature and Hied mentioned in the last Resolution, upon Mr. Wilks, one of the Secretaries or Clerks of the East India Company, specially Restraining him from giving Information to a Select Committee of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the holding by any Judge of the Supreme Court at Fort William in Bengal, an Office granted by, and

tenable at the Pleasure of, the Servants of the East India Company, is against the good Purposes and Policy of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations for t lie better Management of the Affairs " of the East India Company, as well in India as in 13 " Europe,"

22 Geo. III.

2° — 30 Mail.

" Europe," and tends to create a Dependance in the said Supreme Court upon those over whole Actions that Court was intended a§ a Controul.

lie foiled. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Appointments of Oflices of the aforesaid Description, to any Judge of the Supreme Court, ought to be held null and void, and that the Directors of the East India Company should order the same to be in Fact annulled and vacated accordingly.

Resolved, That Warren Esquire, Governor

General of Bengal, and Sir I in pen. Knight, Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Fort in Ben-

gal, appear to this Committee to have been concerned, the one in giving, the other in receiving, an Otlice not agreeable to the true Intent and Meaning of the Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the " better Management of the Affairs of the East " dia Company, as well in as in which unjullifiable Transaction between them was attended with Circumstances of evil Tendency and Example.

Resolved, That it. is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Powers given to the Governor General and Council of Bengal, by an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for " establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, " as well in India as in ought to he more di-

ftinclly ascertained.

Rejhlved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it will be proper to reduce into one Act thcleve-ral Arts of Parliament made to regulate the East India Company, and further to explain and amend tiielame, and also to make new Regulations and Provisions to the same End.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Committee Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Coinage. Committee, who were appointed to consider of the State of the Coinage of Money in 'this Kingdom, and the Expences incident thereto, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Re draining Sir T. Rum-fcxjld, & c. from leaving the Kingdom.

Resolved, That this Iionfe will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Rill for restraining Sir Thomas Ba-

ronet, and Refer Perring, Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom for the Space of One Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and for discovering the Estate and Effects of Sir Thomas bold, Baronet, Peter Perring, and John El-

quires, and for preventing the transporting or alienating of the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Venerisy 30 Mali;

Anno 220 Georgii III1" Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

Appltby, I R James Lowthcrreported from the Committee, &c. Road. O to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the FirstYear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act forrepairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Vol. 38.

" Appleby, in the County of through the

" Township of Orton, to Kirby and from Orton

" to the Turnpike Road near and from Highgate

" near Tebay, in a Part of the Highway between Apple-

" by and Kirby Kendal, through the Town of Kirby

" Steven, to the Town of Market Brough, in the said " County," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ingrossed.

A Petition of the Committee appointed for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting the Parish of Clement Danes, within the Liberty of the Duchy of I.ancaster, in the County of and within the

Liberty of Westminster, pursuant to an Act, passed in

the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to amend and render more eftectual several Arts made relating to paving, cleansing, " and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other " Places within the City and Liberty of " and Parts adjacent:" And also,

A Petition of the Committee appointed for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting the Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, in the Liberty of and

County of Middlesex, pursuant to an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to amend and render more effectual " several Arts made relating to paving, cleansing, " and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other " Places within the City and Liberty of " and Parts adjacentAnd also,

A Petition of the Committee appointed for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, within the Liberty of pursuant. to an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to amend " and render more effectual several Arts made relating " to paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, " Streets, Lanes, and other Places within the City and " Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacentAnd also,

A Petition of the Committee appointed for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting the Parish o James, within the Liberty of pursuant to

an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to amend and " render more effectual several Arts made relating to " paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, " Lanes, and other Places within the City and Liberty ft of Westminster, and Parts adjacentAnd also,

A Petition of the Committee appointed for paving, repairing, cleansing,'and lighting the united Parishes of Saint Andrew Ilolbnrn above the Bars, and Saint George the Martyr, in the County of pursuant to an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of 11 is present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to amend and render " more effectual several Arts made relating to paving, " cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, " and other Places, within the City and Liberty of " Westminster, and Parts adjacent:"

AVere severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting Part of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and setting 11 Q forth.

Hanovefr

Square

Paving.

Ditto-

Ditto-

Ditto-

Ditto-

976

forth, That the Petitioners apprehend the exempting the rich and opulent Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, Worn contributingto the Expences of the general Commission, as settled by the said Act of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty s Reign, and laying such Expences upon the other Pantiles and Places comprized in the said Act, whose real Value, or Rental, is by no Means equal to that of Saint George, Hanover Square, will be a manifest Injury and Disadvantage to such Parishes and Places; and that some of the Petitioners have borrowed several Sums of Money for the Purposes of completing the Pavement, for whifti they have assigned the Rates as a Security; and they apprehend, that taking any Sum from such Rates, which are limited to a certain Pound Rate, will lessen the Securities given to the Persons who have advanced Money on the fame; and that the Petitioners conceive, that all the Parishes ought to be upon the same Establiflimenfe; and that, if it is thought a properMeafure by the House to grant a separate Act, for the Purposes above-mentioned, to the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, that a like Act be also granted to all the other Parishes and Places, as the Petitioners believe they have caused the several Works in-trusted to their Management to be as effectually, speedily, frugally, and carefully done and executed as the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square; but that the Petitioners are now too late to apply for Leave to bring in Bills for the same Purposes: And therefore praying, That the said Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, may either continue to discharge their Proportion of the Salaries of the Officers of the Commissioners, and other contingent Expences of the Commission, until such separate Bills can be obtained, or that such Proportion may be discontinued, and not imposed upon the other Parishes; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Importation Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Order,

of Tobacco, a Bill to permit the Importation of British Plantation Tobacco from any neutral Island in America or the West Indies, during the present Hostilities: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Newcastle Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom under Lyme the Bill for inclosing and leafing a Piece of Waste Land, indoiure. called The Marsh, within the Borough of Newcastletinder Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poor's Rates of the said Borough, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time. One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in "rolled.

1782,

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Mr. Thijlletlnvayte reported from the Committee, Whiteparish, to whom the Bill to continue the Term and alter &c*Road* the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Roads leading from a Pond belonging to Henry <c Eyre, Esquire, in the Parish of Whitepai'ish, in the tc County of Wilts, to the Top of Dunwood Hill, and c< from thence over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge>

<s through Rom fey Infra, to Hundred Bridge, in the " County of Southampton, and from thence to the <c County of the Town of Southampton," was committed; That the Comrhittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the , Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the floufe Restrainios to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, j. upon the Bill for restraining Sir Thomas Rumbold, Ba- from }earin« ronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, from going out of the Kingdom, this Kingdom for the Space of One Year, and until the.

End of the then next Session of Parliament; and for discovering the Estate and Effects of Sir Thomas Rumbold,

Baronet, Peter Perring, and John Whitehill, Esquires, and for preventing the transporting or alienating of the fame, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Howard took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Howard reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Royal Affc#t Usher of the Black Rod: to Bilk

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission for declaring His Royal A (Tent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the IToufe, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Com minion afore-mentioned, bad been at the House of Peers; where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills and One Private Bill therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, the Duke of Richmond, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council,

3° Mail.

Tlanover

Square

Paving.

22 Geo. Ill,

3° Mali

977

til, and the Duke of Richmond, did accordingly declare and notify the Roval Aflertt.to the said Bills > which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and fcighty-two:

An Act for granting an additional Bounty on Ships employed in the Greenland and Whale Fishery, for a limited Time:

An Act to revive and further continue an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, " the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, u I logs Lard, and Grease

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestapt Purchasers:

An Act for providing Quarters for certain Foreign Troops lately employed in His Majesty's Service, in the Defence of the Bland of Minorca, and expected to arrive soon in this Kingdom, for a limited Time:

An Act to extend so much of Two Acts of the Twentieth and Twenty first Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as relate to the Sale of, and ascertaining the Duties upon, East India Goods, to Tea and all other Goods of the Growth, Produ61, or Manufacture of China, or any Country within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, which have been, or shall, during the present Hostilities, be brought into this Kingdom, and condemned as Prize; for equalizing the Duties upon, and regulating the jmportation of. Foreign Snuff into this Kingdom; and for preventing the Importation and running of Foreign Spirituous Liquors, Tea, and other prohibited Goods, into this Kingdom, in Vessels fitted out and armed as Privateers:

An Act to prohibit the Ransoming ofShipsor Vessels captured from His Majesty's Subjects, and of the Merchandize or Goods on board such Ships or Vessels:

An Act for better securing the Duties payable by virtue of ail Act of I lie Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, on the Importation of Coals, Culm, and Cinders, into the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City of Rochester, and the Parishes of S( rood, Frindjb u ry, Cob ham, Shorne, High am. Cliffe, Cooling, High Ilaljlow, Chalk, I loo. Bur ham, Would ham, Hailing, Cuxstone, Chatham, and Gillingham, and the Ville of Shccrtiefs, in the County of Kent:

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex, and for providing a proper Work-house and Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish; and for opening certain Communications, and making certain Streets within the said Parish:

An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the High Poll Road near the Townof Faversham, by Bacon s Watery through Afford, to the Town and Port of llythe, in the County of Kent, and from Bacons Water, to a certain Lape called Holy Lane, in Wincheap, near the City o[Canterbury .*

An Act for reviving and continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Thirtieth Year of his late Majest v, intituled, "An Act for amending,

" widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in " and near to the Town of Tenbury, in the Counties of " Salon, Worcester, and Hereford f and for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the Knowle Gate to the Turnpike Road on The Clee Hilly leading from Ludlow to Cleobury Mortimer, and from Kyre Mill to the Turnpike Road leading from. Bromyard to Tenbury, in the said Counties:

Vol. 3^.

An Act to continue And enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Haleworthy, in the Parish of Daoidfozv, in the County of Comically to the East End of tVadebridge, in the said County, and from the West End of Wadebridge aforesaid, into and through the Borough of Mitchell, in the said County:

An Act for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Willefley Turnpike Road near Par ton, to Monk land Mill, and from the Turnpike Road on Fiair Mile Field, to the Turnpike Road at Broad Heath, and from the Turnpike Road at or near The Ford's Bridge to the Turnpike Road near Stockton, and from Kyre Common to the Turnpike Road at Grendon Green, in the Counties of Hereford and Worcester:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of* an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Towns of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and Dorchester, in the County of Dorset; and for repairing the Road Ieadingfrom the Parish of Warm-ivell, through the Parishes of Poxwell and Ofnington, to tire Church in the said Parish of Ofnington, in the said County of Dorset:

An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Part of the Foreil of Mcndip, and a Piece of Waste Land called Windfors Hill, situate within the Parish of Shep-ton Mallet, in the County of Somerset.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Jour- Resolutions nal of the House, of the 17th Day of February 1769, of respetfing the Resolution, <c That John Wilkes, Esquire, having Mr- Wilkes " been in this Session of Parliament expelled this House,

" was and is incapable of being elected a Member to p s " servein this present Parliament,'7 might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Resolution be expunged from the Journals of this House, as being subversive of the Rights of the w hole Body of Electors of this Kingdom;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas* Philip JenningClerke,) L Mr. Byng: S J

( Mr. John St. John, 1

Tellers for the Noes, < Sir William Augustus > 47,

£ Cunynghame: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the same was expunged, by the Clerk, at the Table, accordingly.

Ordered, That all the Declarations, Orders, and Resolutions of this House, respecting the Election of John Wilkes, Esquire, for the County of Middlesex, as a void Election, the true and legal Election of Henry Laxves Lultrelly Esquire, into Parliament for the said County, and the Incapacity of John Wilkes, Esquire, to be elected a Member to serve in the said Parliament, be expunged from the Journals of this House, as being subversive of the Rights of the whole Body of Electors of this Kingdom.

And the same were expunged, by the Clerk, at the Table, accordingly.

Mr. Secretary Fox reported to the House, That their Presenting Address of Yesterday had been presented to His Ma- Address jesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the reporicd. same very graciously.

The House was moved. That the Sixth, Seventh, and Admiration Eighth of the Resolutions, which were Yesterday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to m enga whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Reports which have been made from the Select Committees, appointed in the lull and this present Session of Parliament, re-

lating

Administration of Justice in Bengal.

3° Maii. A. 1782.

lating to the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bakur, and Oriffa, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That the holding, by any Judge of the u Supreme Court at Fort William, in Bengal, an Office " granted by, and tenable at the Pleasure of, the Servants of the East India Company, is against the good " Purposes and Policy of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better " Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe," and tends to " create a Dependance in the said Supreme Court upon " those over whose Actions that Court was intended as c< a Controul."

" Resolved, That all Appointments of Offices of the " aforesaid Description, to any Judge of the Supreme u Court, ought to be held null and void, and that the " Directors of the East India Company should order the <c same to be in Fad annulled and vacated accordingly."

u Resolved, That Warren Ilafiings, Esquire, Governor General of Bengal, and Sir Elijah Impey, Knight, " Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Fort William, " in Bengal^ appear to have been concerned, the one in " giving, the other in receiving, an Office not agreeable " to the true Intent and Meaning of the Act of the Ct Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the (S better Management of the Affairs of the East India " Company, as well in India as in Europewhich unjustifiable Transaction between them was attended " with Circumstances of evil Tendency and Example." Resolved, That Sir Elijah Impey, Knight, Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Judicature, ought to be recalled, to answer for his Conduct in having accepted an Office granted by, and tenable at the Pleasure of, the Servants of the East India Company, which has a Tendency to createaDependance in the said Supreme Court upon those over whose Actions the said Court was intended as a Controul, contrary to the good Purposes and true Intent and Meaning of an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be prefen ted to His Majesty, That He will be pleased to recall Sir Elijah Impey, Knight, one of the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature at FortWilliam in Bengal, to answer to the Charge of having accepted an Office granted by, and tenable at the Pleasure of, the Servants of the East India Company, which has a Tendency to create a Dependance in the said Supreme Court upon those over whose Actions the said Court was intended as a Controul, contrary to the good Purposes and true Intent and Meaning of an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,^}r; Smiti*

51*

5-

''(Mr,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be pleased to recall Sir Elijah Impey, Knight, one of the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, to answer to the Charge of having accepted an Office granted by, and tenable at the Pleasure of, the Servants of the East India Company, which has a Tendency to create a De-16

pendance in the said Supreme Court upon those over whose Actions the said Court was intended as a Controul, contrary to the good Purposes and true Intent and Meaning of an Act of the Thirteenth Yj?ar of His Majesty's Reign.

Ordered, That the said Addresshe presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's Most honourable Privy Council,

Mr. Strachey presented to the House; pursuant to Account of their Order, Pcniicas, ckc.

An Account of all Grants, Pensions, and Reversions granted, which have beeniigned or Counter-signed by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasuryj between the 15 th Day of February and the 30th Day of April 1782; specifying the Dates of such Grants, Pensions. and Reversions, and the Names of the Persons to whom such Grants were made.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be pern fed by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Norton*! to dissolve the Marriage of John Newton, Esquire; with Divorce Catharine Serjmour, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Strahan do make the Report from Portion the Committee to whom the Petition of several of the Square In-Proprietors of Moufesin Portman Square, in the Parish Pro''«UCDl' of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, was referred.

Mr. Strahan accord ingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as follow-eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

James Buck informed your Committee, That Port-man Square hath lately been new paved, and a considerable Part thereof hath been inclosed with Iron Rails, and set apart, in order to be laid out as a Garden or Pleasure Ground for the Use of the Inhabitants; but that no Improvement has yet been made to the Ground so inclosed — That there is not at present a Fund sufficient for defraying the Expence already incurred on account of making the said Inclosure, or for watering the said Square; and that the said Square is subject to Nuisances and Annoyances of various Kinds.

And the Witness further said, That if the said Inclo-sure was laid out with proper Walks, and otherwise embellished as a Garden or Pleasure Ground; and if Powers were given for watering, fvveeping, and cleansing the said Square, by a Rate to be laid for those Purposes; and if Provision was made for effectually preventing all Nuisances and Annoyances therein, it would N

be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants.

A Member present confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Improvement of Portman Square, in the County of Middlesex: And that Mr. Strahan and Mr. Greville do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- jn(j-a ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Affairs. House, to consider further of the several Reports which have been made from thq Committees of Secrecy, appointed

22 Geo. III.

pointed in the lad and this present Session of Parliament, relating to the Affairs of the India Company.

ays and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-caui. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. Rejoiced, That, this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

979

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an additional Duty upon Tobacco, and for repealing certain Duties payable upon the Importation ot Brandy and Arrack* and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

3° Mail

"Lord TJREDERICK Earl of , Lord Steward of His

«war«r* Majesty's Honfliold, Knight of themost ancient Or-rputation. t]er of the 1'hiftle, and one of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council; To all to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting. Know' ye, That I the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my said Office of Lord Steward, have constituted, named, and appointed, and by these Presents do constitute, name, and appoint, the Right honourable Charles Wolf ran Cornwall, Speaker of the House of Commons, the Right honourable Lord John Cavendish, the Right honourable Frederick Lord North, the Right honourable Henry Seymour,

the Right honourable Charles James Fox, the Right honourable Richard Rigby, the Right honourable Welbore

Ellis, the Right honourable Edmund Burke, the Right honourable Charles Jenkinson, the Right honourable IJ'aac Barrf the Right honourable Lord Viscount Beauchamp, the Right honourable Earl Nugent, t'he Right honourable Thomas Townshend, the Right honourable Lord Frederick Campbell, the Right honourable Y.n.x\^Verney, the Right honourable Lord George Cavendish, the Right honourable I^ord Viscount Bateman, the Right honourable Lord Viscount the Right honourable Lord Charles Spencer, the Right honourable Thomas //</;/«/, the Right honourableC7iar/f\y Townshend, the Right honourable Sir George Yonge, Baronet, the Right honourable William Eden, Lord Viscount Althorpe, Sir Thomas Dundas, Baronet, Anthony Bacon, John Elxces, Sir Thomas Gascoigne, Baronet, Sir Henry Fletcher, Baronet, William Sir Tho-

mas Charles Bun bury, Baronet, Sir John Eden, Baronet,

» Sir John Thorold, Baronet, Daniel Parker Coke, Andrew

Stuart, Sir George Warren, Knight of the most honourable Order of tlje Bath, Francis Sir Grey

Cooper, Baronet, Henry Duncombe, William Baker, Martin Fonncreau, the honourable William Pitt, John Ord, Sir William Augustus Cunynghame, Baronet, George

Byng, Christopher Atkinson, William Ewer, Sir Thomas Clavering, Baronet, John Baring, William Adam, the honourable George AugujhisNorth, Lord Viscount Ma-

hon, George Onslow, Sir Edu ard AJlley, Baronet, John Darker, Sir James Cockburne, Baronet, Sir William Dolben. Baronet, Thomas Steele, Robert Vyner, Sir Trevelyan, Baronet, James Wallace, Sir William Lemon, Baronet, Thomas Gilbert, Richard Thomas Poztnjs, William Strahan, Thomas Berney ston, George Dcmpster, John Crewe,

Thomas Orde, William Lygon Sir Baronet,

Sir Charles Gould, William Drake, Junior, Mattheio Brickdale, Francis Eyre, John Wilkes, Clement Tudway, John Rolle, James Mansfield, William -

comb^Henry Hartley), William

Sir Richard Hotham, Bamber Junior, Sir

Watkin Lewes, Edward Roe Yeo, Sir Charles Turner, Baronet, Sir Henry Hoghton, Baronet, The honourable

Charles Mar/ham, Francis Page, John Strutt, Archibald Macdonald, Richardllopkins, Sir William Guise, Baronet, Dudley Long, Thomas Bou lby, Sir Thomas Ba-

ronet, Sir George Corneicall Baronet, William SdJofeph M azobey, Baronet, Sir Howard, Knight

\ OL. 38.

of themofthonourable Order of the Bath, Frederick Montagu, John RobinJ'on, John Mayor, JervoiJ'e Clarke -

voife. Lord Viscount Dtincannon, Charles Barrow, Sir Archibald Edmonstone, Baronet, Sir Francis Sykes, Baronet, William Wilberforce, Lord Viscount Maitland, Sir

Richard Sutton, Baronet, Richard Hill, Lord Viscount Lewisham, Charles Brett, Jacob WilkinJ'on, Robert Gregory, Edxvard Eliot, George Ross, Nathaniel Polhill, Charles Mellish, the Earl of Surrey, John Parry, Robert Mackreth, Lloyd Kenyon, William IIzi(fey, Ambrose Goddard, Thomas Lucas, Thomas Staunton, William Philip Yorke, Thomas Whitmore, Williatn Maferman, John Webb, James Murray, Sir John Wrottesley, Baronet,

Filmer Hollywood, William Graves, Thomas Stanley, John Kenrick, Richard Brinsley Sheridan, Ch

Henry Strachey, Sir James Pennyman, Baronet, Henry Rofewame, Nathaniel Newnham, Samuel Salt, Gabriel Steward, George Graham, Lord Nerchaven, William Charles Sloper, Charles Morgan, Sir Walter Rawlinson,

Lord West cote, and Robert Smith, or any Six, Five, Four Three, Two, or One of them, my Deputies and Deputy, in my Place and Stead, to tender and administer the Oaths mentioned in a Statute, made in the l'irft Y'ear of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Marx/, intituled, "An Act for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes, concerning the " assembling and fitting of this present Parliament,'* according to the Directions of the said Statute, and of all and every other Statute and Statutes directing the taking of the said Oaths before me, to all and every Person and Persons who is, are, or shall be, eleCled or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners of Shires or Burghs of the present Parliament, appointed to meet the Thirty-first Day of October 1780 , and to take and receive the Oaths of all and every the said Person and Persons who is, are, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners for the Shires or Burghs aforesaid, for the said Parliament; and also to tender and administer the Oath mentioned in a Statute made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better regulating the Election of Members to serve in the House " of Commons, for that Part of Great Britain called " Scotland, and for incapacitating the Judges of the " Court of Session, Court of Judiciary, and Barons of " the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, to be eleCled, or " to fit or vote as Members of the House of Commons," according to the Directions of another Statute, made in the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, directing the said Oath to be taken before me, to all and every Person and Persons who is, are, or shall be, chosen a Member to serve in Parliament for any Shire or Stewr-artry within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and who was not, were not, or shall not, be present at the Meeting of Election, and to take and receive the Oatii of all and every such Person and Persons; giving them, my said Deputies, Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, full Power and Authority to execute 11 R and

Duties on Tobacco.

Newciftle under Lyme inclosure.

Poor Relief and Employment

Importation of Goods from at.

C iriftopher*, &c.

Stanton Sr. Quintin Inclosure.

Foreign

Corn.

p8o 6° Maii. d. 1782.

and perform the Matters hereinbefore Mentioned; Rati- Day of May, in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign tying and confirming ail and whatsoever my Deputies or of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace Deputy shall do and perform in this Behalf, in as ample, of God of Britain, France, and Ireland King,

perfect, and full Manner as if I myself had personally Defender of the Faith, 1782.

been present and done the fame. In Testimony where-

of, I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this Sixth Carlisle, (L. S.)

Lutics) 6° die Maii;

Anno 22* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1782. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for inclosing and leafing a Piece of Wafie Land, called The Marsh, within the JRorough of Neiocajtle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poor's Rates of the said Borough, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing and leafing a Piece of Waste Land, called The Marsh, within the Borough of Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poor's Rates of the said Borough.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. CokeofNottingham reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, was re-committed, That the Committee had made Several other Amendments to the Bill; which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Molineux presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing the Importation of Goods, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the Islands of Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Manferrat,\nto any Ports Of His Majesty's Dominions in Europe or America, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said BUI be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields and Commouable Places, within the Parish of Stanton Saint Quintin, in the County of fViUs, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pen-ruddock, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Bol>ert Wilson, of the City of London, Comfacior, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Thai the Petitioner and others preferred a Petition to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable them to enter l'everal Quantities of Foreign Corn therein mentioned, now remaining under the Kings Locks, for Home Consumption, at the low Duties; the Consideration of which Petition is referred to a Committee; and that, l'nice preferring the said Petition, Thre'* Cargoes of Wheat, previottlly consigned to the Petitioner, have arrived in the Port of London, viz. one

on the 15th of March last, another on the 8th of April last, and another on the 11 th of April last, containing in the Whole 1562^ Quarters, and have been received into Granaries in the Port of London, and put under the King's Locks, as by Law is required; and that the Petitioner conceives that the said Wheat is, in all Particulars, under the like Circumstances as the said Corn and Grain mentioned in, and referred to by, the fair! former Petition to the House: And therefore praying, That this Petition may be referred to the fameComtnit-tee to whom the said former Petition hands referred, and that the Petitioner may have such and the like Relief in respect of the said Wheat, as is prayed by the said former Petition, in respect of the daid Corn and Grain therein referred to, and as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several principal Cor-nfaftors, on Behalf of themselves and others, is referred: And that they do examine the Mattel4 of this Petition; and report theiame, asitlhall appehr to them, to the House.:

Mr. Hunter Blair reported from the Committee, to Ed;, whom the Bill for preventing the Slaughtering of Cattle^ City and for removing Noifances, within the City and Liber. pro*x tiesof Edinburgh, and for empowering the Lord Provost and the Magistrates to alter the Mode of giving Salines on Burgages, and for granting other Powers for the better Government of the said City, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Incorporation of Freemen Fleftiers of the City of Edinburgh; and also, the Petition of the Convenery of the Trades of the City of Edinburgh; and also, the Petition of the Proprietors of Houses and Inhabitants of the City of Edinburgh, whose Names are thereuntofubferibed, were severally referred;

That the Committee had heard Counsel and examined Witnesses in Support of the said Petitions; and had also heard Counsel and examined Witnesses in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the AJle-gations of the Bill, and found the same tq be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to' report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with ' the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the 1 Report was read. [

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

- ReJ'olved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Rofewarne reported from the Committee, to fii* whom the Bill to prevent Persons going disguised, or with Arms or otfenfive Weapons, in the Night Time,

in any Place except on the King's 1 liglmay, for the Purpose or under Pretence of killing Game, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place , and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved,

ii Geo. III.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

ation A Bill to permit the Importation of British Plantation

bacco. Tobacco from any neutral Island in or the

West Indies, during the present Hostilities, was read a N ' Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee oftlie whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Halford and

Mr. licit:

Mr. Speaker,

'fich*» The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for discharging Part of the settled Etiates of John Burridge Chokoieh, Esquire, in the County of Devon,

i from the Uses and Trulls of his Marriage Settlement,

and for settling other Estates in the said County in lieu ~ thereof; to which the Lords (Litre the Concurrence of

„. this House.

And then the MelTcngers withdrew.

>. And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tima

jr- # #

rer A Petition of the Committee appointed for paving,. #./e repairing, cleaning, and lighting the Parish of Saint ig. Martin in (he Fields, within the Liberty of,

pursuant to an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His: present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts made relating u to paving, cieaiifing, and lighting the Squares, f Streets, Lanes, and other Places within the City and " Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent," was prefen fed to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for better paving, cleaufing, and lighting, Plart

c of the Parillt of Saint George, Hanover Square, in, the County of Middlesex, and for removing and preventing 1 Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and setling forth.

That the Petitioners apprehend, the exempting the rich and opulent Parish of Saint , Hanover Square, from

contri bating to the Expences of the general Commission '* as settled by the said Act of the Eleventh Year of His

i jirefent Majesty's Reign, and laying such Expences

upon the other Parishes and Places comprized in the said Act, whose real Value or Rental is by no Means equal to that of Saint George, Hanover Square, will be a manifest Injury and Disadvantage to such Parishes and Places; c and that the Petitioners have borrowed, for the Par-

poses of completing the Pavement, divers Sums of Money, for which they have assigned the Rates as a r. Security, and they apprehend, that taking any Sum from

.» such Rates, which are limited to a certain Pound Rate,

will lelTen the Securities given to \he Persons who have j advanced Money on the fame; and that the Petitioners

conceive, that all the Parishes ought to be upon the same Kdabli foment, and that if it is thought a proper Mea> j lure by the House to grant a separate Act for the Pur-

pules above-mentioned to the Parish of George,

Hanover Square, that a like Act be also granted to a*l the other Parishes and Places, as the Petitioners believe they have cauled the several Works entriilled to their , Management to be as effectually, speedily, frugally,

and carehdly dune and executed as the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square-, but that it is now too late to ! apply for Leave to bring in a Bill''for the Purposes

aibreiaid: And therefore praying. That the said Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, may either continue to discharge then Proportion of the Salaries of the Officers of the Com mi Hi oners, and other contingent Expences of the Cuimmliion, until such separate Bill can be obtained, or that such Proportion may he discontinued and not irnpaftd on the other Parishes, or that the Yci.. ^3.

98 I

Petitioners may hate such other Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed- Bill for building a Stone Bridge cross Kew Bridge, the River of Thames, from the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore in the Hamlet of Kew, in the County of Surrey, was read tho Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for building a Stone Bridge cross the River of Thames, from the Parish of Eain the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore in the Hamlet of

Kew, in the County of Surrey. - .

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Quartering Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Soldiers intituled, "An Act for exempting the City of - durins Edec*

" chester, the County of Southampton, the Town of tl0lw'

" Shrewsbury, and the County of Salop, out of the

" Provisions of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of " the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

" intituled, "An Act for regulating the Quartering " of Soldiers during the Time of the Elections of " Members to serve in Parliament," so far as the same " relates to the Removal of Troops during the Elections " of . Members to serve in Parliament, for a limited Time," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That tht* Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said BjU.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Woollen, &c. Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, Manufactures intituled, "An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations " of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures,

" and for better Payment of their Wages," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly;

The House was also moved, Tltat an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign " wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited Time; and " for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen " employed in the Silk Manufacture," might be read,-

And the same being read accordingly;-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for pnnifoing Persons wilfully and maliciously destroying any Woollen, Silk, Linen, or Cotton Goods, or any Implements prepared for, or used in, the Manufacture thereof; and for repealing so much of Two Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of King George the First, and in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Punishment of Persons destroying any WooHen or Silk Manufactures, or any Implements prepared for or used therein: And that Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Stanley,

Mr. Attorney General, Sir Harbord Harand Sir

George Savile, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Eastington Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com- Inclosure. mou Failures, and Common Downs, in the Hamlet or Tithing of Eafiingfon, otherwise No in

the Manor of Eafiingfon, and Parish of Northleach, in

the County of Ghucefier, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to Sir William Gaife, Mr. Dempfier,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition

6° Mail

082 6° Mail. 1782*

Bill of Pains A Petition of SiY Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, was sTain^S^1^ Pre^ente(^to ^ie H°u^e> and read; Setting forth, That TTJfcumbold, the Petitioner, finding himself much aggrieved by a Bill Itc. depending in the House, for retraining the Petitioner

and Peter Perring, Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom for the Space of One Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Pari iament, and for discovering the Estate and Effects of the Petitioner and Peter Perring, Esquire, and for preventing the Transporting or alienating of the fame, humbly entreats the Attention of the House to the particular Circhmflances and Hardships of his Cafe; that the Petitioner, labouring under the Weight and Ignominy of Accusations exhibited in a Committee of this honourable House, which have been, and Hill are, the Subject of a Suit now depending in one of the Courts of Westminster Hall, and having beeh hot only precluded from the Privilege of a regular Trial in the ordinary Course of Law, but like wife hitherto unheard any where in his Defence, and it being altogether uncertain when he is to be heard, is now, by the said Bill, punished with severe Restraints and Disabilities, at a Time when the Petitioner must be presumed to be innocent, and when, as the Petitioner conceives, if any such Bill ought to pass, the Object of it cannot, upon any Principle of Law or Justice, be extended further than to render him amenable to Punishment in case of his being proved guilty; and that the Petitioner is, by the said Bill, immediately, and for a great Length of Time, deprived of the Rights of Personal Liberty, and the free Use, Enjoyment, and Disposal of his private Property, which the Petitioner is entitled to as his Birth-right in common with the lowed Subject in the Kingdom, until he has incurred a Forfeiture of them by Law; and the Petitioner is rendered absolutely incapable not only of making any Provision for an adult Family in case of Marriage, or otherwise, tyut likewise (with the Exception only of such Debts as are for necessary Subsistence) of contracting or discharging any which may accrue subsequent to the 29th of lall Month, during the Continuance of the Aid Bill, however necessarily the same may be incurred in a Variety of extensive Concerns, and even in providing the Means of Defence for himself in the Proceedings against him both here and in the Courts of Law; and that the Petitioner is likewise, as the Bill dands, compelled to a Discovery of all his Property for some Time back, under the fevered Penalties in case of Omissions or Default, which, from the Distance of some Part of that Property, and the Loss of Books of Accounts, and other Documents, on Board The General Barker, it will be impossible for him to make in the Terms and within the Time prescribed by the Bill; and that the Petitioner cannot believe that the Justice and Humanity of the House will suffer Accusation to pass for Guilt, nor Punishment to precede a Trial; and yet the only Reason assigned for the severe Penalties and Disabilities inflicted

by the said Bill is a Surmise and Suspicion of Breaches of Fruft, Crimes, and Misdemeanors, from all which the Petitioner doubts not to be able fully to vindicate himself when the House will be pleased to hear his Defence; and that the Petitioner is greatly alarmed to observe so long a Period affixed to the Continuance of the severe Restraints impoied by the said Bill, without any Provision for Mitigation or Relief in case no Proceedings should follow the Charges alledged against the Petitioner, or in case the same should be delayed, or should prove upon Examination to be ill founded; and in the mean Time the excessive Bail required to be given by the Petitioner, for which the Redraints laid on his Property render it impossible for him to give an Indemnity, mud probably operate as an immediate and necessary Imprisonment, and this too, notwithstanding that the Petitioner is possessed of a considerable Real and other Estate, any Part of which that may be thought reasonable he is willing to deposit as a Security, and notwithstanding that, by the other Provisions of the 18

said Bill to which the Petitioner does not object, all the Petitioners Property, his Honour, and his Life, (land pledged for his Appearance; and that the Petitioner 1

conceives, that no Precedent, under the Circmndances of his Cafe, could warrant a Bill of such a Nature, even if any Precedent were to be found; but the Petitioner is advised that such a Proceeding will appear totally unprecedented in the Annals of Parliament without some previous Proof or Confession of Guilt; and that, in particular, the Two redraining Bills in the Cafes of the South Sea Company and of the Charitable Corporation, which seem to have been followed as Precedents by the £

said Bill, were, besides other essential Differences between those Cafes and the present, passed after the Guilt of the Parties had been decided upon, and for the Purpose of ascertaining the Pecuniary Compensation to be made for that Guilt, the Adjudication thereof being expressfy recited and affirmed by the Bills which imposed the Redraint: And therefore pray ing the House to take his same into Consideration, and give him Leave to be heard, by himself or Gounfel, against the said Bill, or that hemay have such otherReliefin the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit;

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 4th Day of January 1720, of the Proceedings of the House on ordering in a Bill to redrain the Sub Governor, Deputy Governor, Directors

Treasurer, Upder Treasurer, Cashier, Secretary, and Accountants of the South Sea Company, from going out of the Kingdom, and for discovering their Estates and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the fame, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 12th Day of January 1720, of the Proceedings of the House upon the Petition of the Sub-Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors of the South Sea Company might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Sir George Howard\ according to Order, reported *Rcara;nins 1 from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Sir r. the Bill for redraining Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, RumboW, and Peter Perring, Esquire, from going out of this I

Kingdom for the Space of One Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for discovering the Estate and Effe&sofSir Thomas Rumbold,

Baronet, Peter Perring, and John White hill, Esquifes, and for preventing the transporting or alienating of the fame, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a*

Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, rel'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petition of Sir Thomas Rumbold,

Baronet, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is re-committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered>

mnrftfe

oina^e.

I Lift ebt.

ief Justice Common as Salary,

Supply.

22 Geo. III. 6° Maii. 983

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking intp further Considerntion the Report which was made from the Committee who were appointed to consider of the State of the'Coinage of Money in this Kingdom, and the Expences incident thereto, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

The House, according to Order, resolved itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration His Majesty's most gracious Message of Thursday last.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Burke took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Burke reported from the Committee, That he was

directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Burke accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contracted upon His Civil List Revenues, and for preventing the same from being in Arrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of Payments cut of the said Revenues, and by suppreding or regulating certain Offices, to be mentioned in the said Bill, which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil List.

And Mr. Burke moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, Nnnine Contrudicente, That Leave be given

to bring in a Bill for enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contracted upon His Civil List Revenues, and for preventing the same from being in Arrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices, to be mentioned in the said Bill, which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil List: And that Mr. Burke, Lord John CavendMr. Secretary Fox, the Lord Alihorpe, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Frederick

Montagu, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Strachey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Grant of an additional Salary of £.1,000 per Annum, dated the 28U1 February 1782, to Alexander Lord Ijoughborough, Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, and to the Chief Justice of that Court for the Time being, to commence from 1780.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of the new Roads of Communication, and of building the Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, for the Year 1782, pursuant to the Orders of the honourable Lieutenant General commanding His Majesty's Forces in North Britain, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refunded the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrow-Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was

Yol. 38.

directed by' the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon WedneJ'day Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Petition of William Targett, Ranger, and T,n<ion

William Harding, Voters for Members to serve in ec lon* Parliament for the Borough o f Hindoin the County of Wilts, in Behalf of themselves and other Voters in the said Borough, was delivered in at the Tuble, and read;

Setting forth, That at the late Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of llindon, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Lloyd Kenyon,

Esquire, whose Seat was vacated by his accept ing of the Office or Place of His Majesty's Attorney General, which said Election came on on or about the 22d Day of April last, the Petitioners demanded a Poll to be taken in Favour of Sir John Lade, Baronet (he not being then present) and that other Voters of the said Borough voted for the said Lloyd Kenyon-, that the said Lloyd Kenyon, by himself or Agents, previous to and during the said Election, was guilty of gross Bribery, in corrupting the Voters; that a general System of Corruption prevailed in the said Borough, and the Voters were influenced to vote for the said Lloyd Kenyon by beneficial Promises made to them by the said Lloyd Kenyon, or his Agents; and that, after the Teste of the W rit, and on the Day of Election, the said Kenyon, or his Agents, at his own Charge and Expence, treated the Voters with Victuals and Drink, contrary to the Statute iu that same provided; and that several illegal Threats and Promises were made by the said Lloyd Kenyon, or his Agents, to influence Persons to vote for him (many of which have been performed) and that the ReturningOflicer canvafl'ed the said Borough, and acted as Agent for the said Lloyd Kenyon, and was guilty of the most illegal Partiality in Favour of him, previous to and during the said Election, by admitting Persons to vote for the said Lloyd Kenyon who had no legal Right to vote, and rejecting several Persons who had a legal Right to vote, and tendered themselves at the Poll to vote for the said Sir John Lade, and also in bargaining, or causing Bargains to be made, with many of the Voters, previous to the Election, to vote as he directed; and that by these, and various corrupt and illegal Means, a Majority of Votes was obtained on the Face of the Poll in Favour of the said Lloyd Kenyon, and he was declared duly elected, in direct Violation of the Freedom of Election, and in manifest Prejudice of the Petitioners and other Voters in the said Borough, their Franchises being materially aftected thereby: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief therein as to them shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesdaythe 28th Day of this Instant May, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Twq Acts, made in the 10th and 1 ith Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trialsipf controverted Elections, of Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counted, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into

11 S a

=SigfffZHcM5y

984 6‘ — 7*

Way* anl a Committee of the whole House, to consider further Means. Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a ResoluticJn; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Mr. Ordall'o acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Duty on Resolved, That this House will, upon Tobacco, \forning uext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, so consider further of the Bill for granting an additional Duty upon Tobacco, and for repealing certain Duties payable upon the Importation of Brandy and Arrack, and for granting - other Duties in lieu thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow . Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis,70 die Maii 5

Anno 22* Georgii III‘M Regis, 1782.

Pkayers.

Chief justice IV/TR. Strachey presented to the House, pursuant to of Common 1VJL their Order,

Fleas Salary. Paper, intituled, King's Warrant. Alexander " Lord Loughborough£. 1,000 per Annum additional

" Salary as Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and

Mr. Hett:

Mr. Speaker,

Barnhill*0 The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An R<»d. Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Wrexham, in the county of,

to Barnhill, in the County of Chester; without any Amendment: And also,

Brofeley, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An &c. Act for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of Small Small Debts. Debts within the Parishes of Brofeley, Benthall, Made ley, Barrow, Linley, Willey, Little and Daieley, and an extra-parochial Place, called Pofnall, in the County of Salop; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House*

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply Bill; Mr. Strachey presented to the House, according to StampDuties. Order, a Bill for charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, payable otherwise than upon Demand: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Maii. . 1781.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fot Stolen the more easy Discovery, and effectual Punishment, Goods. Buyers and Receivers of Stolen Goods; And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Ord, and Mr. Stanley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Pocliin presented to the House, according to Ortnn Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the on the Hill Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and lnc, ofurt* Commonable Places, in the Parish of Orton on the Hill, in the County of I^icester, and the Lands within the Ring of the said Fields, reputed to belong formerly to the Abbey of Merevale: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term and alter Whhtpmfli, the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year ko*k of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " Roads leading from a Pond belonging to Henry Eyre,

Esquire, in the Parish of Whitepa in the County " of Wilts, to the Top of Duuwood Hill, and from " thence over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge, through " Romsey Infra, to Hundred Bridge, in the County of

" Southampton, and from thence to the County of the " Town of Southampton," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue the Term and alter the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Pond belonging to Henry Eyre, Esquire, in the Parish of Whiteparish, in the County of to

" the Top of Dumooood Hill, and from thence over " Great Bridge and Middle Bridge, through Romsey " Infra, to Hundred Bridge, in the County of Southampton, and from thence to the County of the Town " of Southampton."

Ordered, That the Lord Palmerston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Fairford reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Opeu inciofute. and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Manor of Calvcrton, with the Welt Side of Sloney Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 30 Acres of Land in the said Open and Common Fields; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed, consist of 1,998 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir George Cornewall reported from the Committee, HanMde, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads fcc. Roadi from a Place called The Hardwicke, in the Parish of Clifford, to Windmill Hill, and from Voxvchurch to Pontrilas, in the County of Hereford, was committed;

That

22 Geo. III. 70 Mait.

That the Committee had examined the Allega* it, and which therefore compels the Petitioner to find tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; Sureties to the Extent of £. 50,000, or submit to an and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, Imprisonment in The Fleet, is unsupported by any Pre-and made l'everal Amendments thereunto; which they cedent which, when explained and understood, can ap-had directed him to report to the House; and he read ply to the Petitioner's Cafe, and which, whether it has the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered or has not an Example, the Petitioner apprehends can-the Bill, with the Amendments, ip at the Clerk's not be justified by any Principle of Justice; and that Table: Where the Amendments were Once read the Petitioner has lived about Twenty-two Years of his throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; Life in from whence he is but lately returned,

and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were and consequently, not having had the Opportunity of agreed to by the House. forming Connections and acquiring Friends in this

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Country, is utterly unable to comply with the only Al-

ingrossed.

Accounts Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an rtfpctfing Account of Raw Sugar imported into England, during Sugar. the last Eight Years.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Raw Sugar exported ({hewing what Part thereof was sent to Ireland)during the last Eight Years.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Refined Sugar exported ({hewing what Part thereof was sent to Ireland) during the same Period.

Orderca, That there be laid before this House, an Account of 1 he Sums received for Duties on Sugar, in each of those Years.

Ordered, That therd be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums paid in Drawback on Raw and Refined Sugar, in each Year.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee, who are appointed to of Enquiry; enquire into, and state to the House, the Amount of Sum* raised the l'everal Sums raised by Annuities towards the Sup-by Annuities. p]y granted to His Majesty, between the 5th Day of January-1776 and the 51I1 Day of April 1782, with the Annual Interest payable thereupon, together with the Annual Produce of the several Taxes granted towards paying the Interest of the said Sums, and the Defici--encies thereof; and to report the same to the House, with their Observations thereupon; have Power to adjourn from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, as they shall think tit.

Ordered, That it be an InstruAion to the said Committee, That they have Power to refuse Copies of the Minutes of their Proceedings to all Persons whatsoever, until they have made their Report to the House.

Ordered, That when any Matter shall arise, on which the {'aid Committee with to debate, it shall be at their Discretioti to require every Person, not being a Member of t}ie Committee, to withdraw.

Retraining A Petition of Peter Perringate of Saint George,

Sir T. Rum- Madras, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; bold,&c.from Setting forth. That the Petitioner is informed a Bill Kingdom* has been brought into the House, for restraining Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and the Petitioner, from going out of this Kingdom, for the Space of One Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for discovering the Estate and Effects of Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and the Petitioner, and for preventing the transporting or alienating the fame; contaiuingProvisions, and Penalties which deeply affect the Petitioner; and that this Proceeding is founded upon mere Accusation against the Petitioner, unconvicted of any Offence, and unheard in his Defence, against such Accusation; and that the Petitioner hath been always ready to submit his Conduct to any Authority whatever, competent to an Enquiry into it, and to abide the Justice of his Country; that he does not, nor ever did, entertain the Design of withdrawing himself, or removing his Effects, from the Reach of those Laws to which he is or may be amenable; and that he apprehends, a Proceeding which takes such a Design for granted, without any previous Foundation laid before the House, or any just Cause for suspecting \ ol. 38.

ternative by which he can avoid an ignominious Imprisonment, not only previous to the Conviction of any Offence whatever, but before the Charge against the Petitioner is put into such a Shape as either calls for or permits the Petitioner's Answer to it; and that, were he differently circumstanced, to compel the Petitioner to furnish Sureties, by a Bill which compels a Discovery of all his Property, disables him from alienating any Part of it, and is universally understood to lead to a Confiscation of it, is, by the same Proceeding, directing an Act to be done by the Petitioner, and depriving him of the Means of performing it, since it leaves him without the Possibility of indemnifying any Persons who might be willing to become his Sureties; and that to require excessive Bail of any Person accused of an Offence, is, in the moll ordinary Cafe, deemed a Grievance and Opprefiion to the Subject, but the Grievance and Oppression become indeed intolerable when accompanied with an Act founded upon ex parte Evidence only, laying the Subject under a complete Restraint from the Use of his Property; and that there are several other Clauses in the said Bill equally unwarrantable in the Circumstances of the Petitioner's *

Cafe, unjustifiable upon any Principle of Justice, and subversive of those Rights of a Subject of this Realm, to which the Petitioner is entitled: And therefore praying the House to permit him to be heard, by his Counsel, against the several Clauses of the said Bill, or such of them as shall be grievous and oppressive to the Petitioner.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the1 Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for restraining Sir Thomas Rumbold,

Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom for the Space of One Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for discovering the Estate and Effects of Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, Peter Perring, and John,

Esquires, and for preventing the transporting or alienating of the fame, is re-committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Way* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred and Morn*, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds be raised, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the 5th Day of April 1783, to be exchanged and received in Payment in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have ul'u-ally been exchanged and received in Payment.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

Supply.

Newcastle and Sunderland Coal Trade.

Hindon Election.

Importation ®f Tobacco.

086 70 Mail. 1782.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Ord, Lord John Cavendish, the Lord Allhorpe, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Strachey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the liefclution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Five thousand Eight hundred and Thirty Pounds One Shilling and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Expences of the new Roads of Communication, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to revive and continue an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled* " An Act to regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals, in the Ports of Neiccastle and Sunder-ts land," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and* upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

The House w^s ipoved, That the Order made Yesterday, for taking into Consideration upon Tuesday the 28th Day of this Instant May the Petition of William Tar get t, Obadiah Banger, and William Harding, Voters for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ilindon, in the County of Wilts, in Behalf of themselves and other Voters in the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon this Day Four Months.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the I louse to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit the Importation of British Plantation Tobacco from any Neutral Island in America or the West Indies, during the present Hostilities, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleaseto receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for exempting the City of " Winchester, the County of Southampton, the Town of " Shrewsbury, and the County of Salop, out of the Provisions of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the " Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second. " intituled, "An Act for regulating and Quartering of " Soldiers during the Time of the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament/' so far as the same relates u to the Removal of Troops during the Elections of " Members to serve in Parliament, for a limited Time," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fenton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fenton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Sugar Refiners of London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Manufactory carried on by the Petitioners, bath fuflered exceedingly from the Events of the War; and the Loss of the Islands of Dominica, Saint Vincent, Grenada and the Grenadines, Tobago, Saint Christoper's, Nevis, and Montserrat, have so reduced the Sugar Import, that the Trade is almost at a Stand; and that Brown Raw Sugars, such as before the Commencement of Hostilities were usually from 28.9. to 30.9. per Hundred Weight; now fell for upwards of 70.?. jyer Hundred Weight; and that the Sugar Revenue falls short above £. 400,000 per Annum of its estimated and expected Product, and the Sugar Houses are /hutting up and dismantling in the several, Ports of this Kingdom; and that whilst the Petitioners suffer such Losses and Inconveniences, it is a great Hard/hip upon them to see the Prize Sugars still carried out of the Kingdom to supply Foreign Manufactories; and alledging, that the Bill now depending before the House, to admit Sugar from Saint Christopher's, Nevis, and Montfer rat, does not tend to afford the Public or the Petitioners any adequate Supply or Relief; and that the Sugars of Dominica, Grenada, and Tobago, are, by the Concessions of the French King, carried to Neutral Places, and the Planters and Merchants of Saint Christopher's, Nevis, and McntJ'crrat, can ask for no Privilege whatever, to which those of the before-named Islands have not at leaf! equal Claim; and that a Species of Supply, the Continuance of which is to depend upon Licences to be granted or re-fufedatthe Pleasure of a French Governor, or at the Will of the French King, is so precarious in its Nature, that itiholds forth no Security to the Petitioners, and they trust will, on many Accounts, be found totally unworthy the Adoption of the British Legislature; and thatas the British Planters are become unable to furnish a sufficient Quantity of Sugar for the Public Use, and the English Buyer is compelled to depend upon a Foreign Supply, the Petitioners conceive that it is the Interest of the Public in general, that they should be allowed to buy at the best Neutral Markets, and at such Markets upon the best Terms; and that a Bill which should establish a Distinction between Neutrals, would, as they conceive, infringe the Public Right, byvefting the Powers of a Monopoly in Persons who are become unable to render those Advantages in Return, on which alone the Title to such a Privilege was ever pretended to have been founded; and that the Restraints which were formerly laid on the Importation of Tobacco, Cotton, and some other Articles, have been lately removed by Acts of Parliament, and the Petitioners trust i 7 that

Quartering Soldiers during Elec* tions.

Importation of Sugars.

2 2. Geo. III.

7° — 8°

987

that the Reasons which induced the Legislat ore to remove those Reiiraints will be found to operate at lead with equal Cogency when applied to the Article which is the Object of their Solicitation: And therefore praying, That, in order to sustain their Sinking Manufactory, to encourage the Trade of the Kingdom, and to moderate the Price of Sugar to the Consumer (by which alone the Consumption can be upheld, and the Sugar Revenue rendered productive) That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to allow of the Importation of Sugars in Neutral Vessels, and from Neutral Places, and also to admit the Prize Sugars, and to allow the same to he entered for I Iome Consumption under the Common Duties, for a limited Time, or to grant the Petitioners such other Relief ns to the House ilndl seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and date to the House, the Matter of Fad contained in the said Petition:

And it. is referred to Mr. Alderman Sazobridge, the Lord Beauchamp, kc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious Laws rein certain Cafes of Insolvency, in that Part of Great ipetfing Britain called Scotland: And that the Lord Advocate Debtors and of Scotland, Sir Adam Ferguffon, Mr. Hunler Blair, Scotland!10 Mr. Solicitor General for Scotland, the Lord Maitland, and Mr. Dempster, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Representa-posed. That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the present State of the Representation of the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament, to report the same to the House, and likewise what Steps in their Opinion it may be proper for Parliament to take concerning the same;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the other Order of the Day be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

C M r. Yorke, of Cambridge- V

Tellers for the Yeasx shire, > 161.

(M v. Macdonald: )

Tellers for the NoeJj1/- ]['nliaPiU> 14,. TMr. Biing: j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the same being read accordingly;

Importation Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

°^ Reading of the Bill for allowing the Importation of

Christopher'a Ooods, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of the &c. ' I Hand of Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Montserrat, into

any Ports of His Majesty $ Dominions in Europe or America, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties, be now read.

And t he said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Refalved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Refalved, That this House will, upon Monday Bill to enable Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to enable pe *Jth His Majesty to conclude a Peace or Truce with the America, revolted Colonies in North America.

And then the House, having continued to fit till Half an Hour after Twelve of the Clock on Wednesday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 8° die Mail;

Anno 22° Georgii IIIui Regis, 1782.

Newton's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Divorce. to dissolve the Marriage of John Nezvton, Esquire, with Catharine Seymour, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Refalved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole Hpnfe.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 22d Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hearCounfel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, I hat they do hear Cotiiilei, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill; if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

lillof Pains The Lord Advocate of Scotland prefen ted to the' md Penalties House, according to Order, a Bill for in Hiding certain pRumbold ^ams an<* Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, *c, 'and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of

public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whiift they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Sqint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Execution of the Law, and for rendering

Vql. 38.

Prayers.

Mil. Pent on, according to Order, reported from Quartering the Committee of the whole House, to whom Soldiers the Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the <!unnS Elec' Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, t,ons* intituled, "An Act for exempting the City of Winchester,

" the County of Southampton, the Town of Shreicsbury,

" and the County of Salop, out of the Provisions of " an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of " his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for regulating the Quartering of Soldiers " during the Time of the Elections of Members to " servein Parliament/' so far as the same relates to " the Removal of Troops during the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, for a limited Time," was committed; the Amendment which the Committee bad made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Rafeivarne reported from the Committee, to Lawsrefpca-whom the Bill for amending and rendering more ing Rogues effectual the several Laws in being, relative to Rogues, Vaga-

Vagabonds, Beggars, and other idle and disorderly bon(is‘ Persons, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the 11 T Bill,

c;

Edinburgh Ci'y Improvement.

Lnws re-

fpt&itig

Creditors id Scotland.

Ditto.

088 8" Mali. A. 1 nii.

Rill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That fuel) a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient lor the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Hunter Blair reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing the Slaughtering of Cattle, and for removing Nuisances, within the City and Liberties of Edinburgh; and for empowering the Lord Provost and the Magistrates to alter the Mode of giving Safines on Burgages, and for granting other Powers for the better Government of the said City, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for regulating the Execution of the Law, and for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in certain Cafes of Insolvency, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers in the Town and County of Newcastle ufxni Tyne, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an extensive Trade hath for many Years past fub-fifted between Scotland and the said Town, as well as moll of the commercial Cities and Towns in England, who mull therefore be greatly interested in, or affected by, every legislative Ad that shall either promote or depreciate the general Advantages of fair commercial Dealings between those Two Parts of the Kingdom; and that it is an experienced and well known Fact, that, in Cafes of Insolvency in Scotland, the Creditors there have generally, by early Applications to their local Modes of judicial Procedure, uuknown in England, gained great and injurious Preferences to the English Creditors, who, in numerous Infiances, have either been deprived of any Share of the Insolvent's Effects.or otherwise have been obliged, after pursuing tedious, dilatory, and expensive Proceedings, to content? themselves with some small and disproportionate Parts of such Effects; sind that the Bankrupt Law for Scotland, which passed in the Year 1772, and is now near expiring, removed the Grievances above dated, inrespecl of the Distribution of the Personal Effect. of Bankrupt^ in Scotland, but left their Real Estates unaffected, and as much in the Power of the Scotch Creditors to obtaiu uujufl and undue Preferences therefrom as the same were before that Law was made-, and that the Petitioners with great Pleasune find, that it is the earned and laudable Desire, not only of the Royal Boroughs iq Scotland, but of the colledive Body of the Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers in that Country, to have the said Bankrupt Law renewed, with such Amendments as Experience has suggested to fetafide all Partiality-and Itijustice, dilatory and expensive Proceedings in Cafes of Insolvency, and that they are for that Purpose preparing a Bill, to he laid before the House, to prevent all unjust Preferences, to abolish all unueceflary Law Expences, to procure a full and fair Surrender of Info! vents' Estates and Effects upon Oath, to establish proper Rules for the Direction of Adignees on an improved Plan, and finally to, bring under the Statute the Real as well as the Personal Estates of I nfol vent Debtors, as in England; and the Petitioners are persuaded such a Bill can never be opposed by impartial Persons, or upon honourable Motives: And therefore praying. That, if such a Bill shall be permitted to be brought in, it may (after receiving such Alterations and Amendments as the House shall dictate) pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Stanley presented to the House, according to Stolen Order, a Bill for the more easy Discovery and effectual (jSoi‘ Punishment of Buyers and Receivers of Stolen Goods:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrossed Bill to revive and continue an Act, Newcill» passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Loading 7"

" of Ships with Coals, in the Ports of Ncivcastle and " Sunderland," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to revive and continue an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Loading of Ships " with Coals, in the Ports of Newcastle and " land."

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House putv01 to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, TobaG to consider further of the Bill for granting an additional Duty upon Tobacco, and for repealing certain Duties payable upon the Importation of Brandy and Arrack, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the imp0ftitM1 Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to of Tobm permit the Importation of British Plantation Tobacco from any Neutral Island in America or the West Indies, during the present Hostilities, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and whiclj they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Order, Bill; a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money hv Loans Exchc^ or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One 1M-thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And

Wty» and Meant

11st India Affair* Mr. Whitehill.

22 Geo. III.

8° Mail

989

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money tohich have been iifo.ed by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Add redes of this House, which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies paid to DuncanCampbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the fai I Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That ey had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Commttee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That 1 his House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raifrng the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Committee of Secrecy, appointed to enquire into the Causes of the War that now fnbiifts in the Carnatic, and of the present Condition of the British Possessions in those Parts, and to report the same to the House, with their Observations thereupon, That the said Committee had received Evidence relating to John Whitehill, Esquire, heretofore Governor and President of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coro-mandeli in the East Indies, and to Thomas Lewin, Esquire, late Secretary to the Council at Madras, having withdrawn themselves from this Kingdom; which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Your Committee undemanding, from Report, That John Whitehill, Esquire, heretofore Governor and Pre-iident of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies, is now out of this Kingdom, called before them the following Persons: viz.

Mr. Thomas Lewin, who, being examined, said, He

Vol. 1 8.

was acquainted with Mr. Whitehill. And being asked. Where he is now ? said. He has heard he is in Paris. And being asked, When he last saw'him in this Country ? said, " I think it was in November last — he did not remain here above Six or Eight Days — he was attacked with the Gout — this Country was so cold, that he was ndvised to go to the Continent; I think Dr. Smith advised it; 1 am not positive — I have frequently heard from him, that his Intention was to find a more settled Climate, which he has done, and means to stay some Time — he never mentioned any Thing, I believe, of the . Committee of Secrecy fitting upon his Affairs."

And being asked, Whether Mr. W/iitehill has any Reason to flay Abroad, respecting any thing that may come against him ? said, " Messrs. Gregg and Potts are his Attornies — I think he means to return here when the Weather gets better — The East India Company-have filed a Bill in Chancery against him, which is going on — his going was so sudden, and his Health in such a State, that he could not make any Arrangement of his Affairs before he went — When he was in Town, he lodged with me in Charlotte Street; he had a House in Queen Anne Street it is my House; Mr. Whitehill

had made an Agreement to purchase it, and I took it oft' his Hands; he had made no Preparation to go into it; he had made an Agreement for it before he went last to India; his Name remained on the Door about a Fortnight, or perhaps a Month, after he went away; " lie put his Name on the Door, but had no Time to arrange his Family, or Way of Life; I took the House off his Hands about Five Months ago; when he went away, it was understood between us, that I was to have the House, but the Deeds were not executed by him; it was held under a Mortgage; the Mortgagee has made it over to me, but Mr. Whitehill has not put his Name to it, because there is a Risk in fending over Deeds; General Joseph Smith is the Mortgagee."

And the Witness being asked. Why he put his Name on the Door? said, " I might perhaps like to live in it; I took it off when I advertised to let it; my Horses are in the Stable till I can let it — It is a better House than mine; it is above my Fortune — General Smith lent Mr. Whitehill the Money on the House; it was his own House; General Smith has assigned the Mortgage to me for the Value which I gave him; it was mortgaged in 1777; I gave the whole Money; the Mortgage was £. 4.500; the House cost £. 8,000."

Being asked. Whether the Mortgage was purchased by him as his own, or as for Mr. said,

" With my own Money; Mr. has been a

kind Friend to me; be wished to make me a Present of the House, if I would pay off the Mortgage, and in a Course of Time he would pay me the Money back, and give me the House." And the Witness added, " If he should die, it would be a fad Thing to me, and to many others, as his Affairs are so deranged."

And the Witness having said that the Transaction was finished between him and Mr. Whitehill, since he went Abroad; and being asked. What that Tran-action was ? he said, " His conveying the House to me; all I expect is a Transfer from him of the House, which I had his verbal Agreement for; I have nothing under his Hand, but that is not particular with him — I imagine the Payment of the Money and the Transfer of the House is to be done at the same Time.- — -Whdn he was Governor, I was Secretary to the Council; I Jived very much in a Habit of Intimacy with him."

And being asked, Who have the Knowledge of his Affairs, to settle in same of his Death? said " I have a letter of Attorney from him."

And being asked, If he has any Landed Property in England? said, " No; I fancy his Effects are in India-, lie has nothing in the Funds; the only Thing I know of, he has a Bill upon the Company, in the Hands of the Banker, about £.8,000; the Demands upon him are larger than that — -I don't know of any Schedule of his

Effects;

India Affair*. Mr,

990 8 0 MaiiA. 1782.

Elfefts; I have not found any- — he is the most irregular " [ was Secretary to the Council of Madras. — I saw iu his Adairs of any one I know." Mr. Whitch HI in Paris the 23d of this Month [April)

The Witness, in the Course of his Examination, hav- the very Night I left Paris, which 1 believe was the ingfaiil, That General Smith gave, him a Receipt for 23d, — I was acquainted with him at Madras, — When the Mortgage Money, and that he had received Letters I saw him in Paris lie appeared to be in as good from Mr. Whitehill, your Committee ordered him Health as I had ever seen him — he did not appear to attend them the next Morning, and bring with indisposed, on the contrary, I think he appeared in him the said Receipt, and any Letters, or Powers of good Health. — I think lie said he was not very Attorney, which he may have received from Mr. White - well."

hill; which Order he did not obey, but instead thereof Then Mr. Robert Smith Bird, a Surgeon, whom Dr. excused himself by Letter to the Committee, alledging, Smith, in his Evidence, informed your Committee had that he had been taken ill the preceding Day, and con- feut to him to attend Mr. Whitehill, and who was in tinued so unwell, as to make it necessary to solicit Per- the Room when he did attend, being examined, gave million to wave the Attendance required of him that your Committee the following Evidence.

Day, that he might, when recovered, be more in a " I am acquainted with Mr. lVhitehill — I saw him in Condition, to go through the Examination intended by November last — He went Abroad the 2 1 ft or 22(1, not the Committee. above a Fortnight or Three Weeks after his Arrival

Your Committee not being satisfied with the Excuse here — I came Part of the Way Home in the same made by Mr. Leivin, examined the Messenger whose Ship. — He was taken exceedingly ill with a violent Business it was to serve their Order; who said, he had Fit of the Gout — I did not attend him. — I asked if been that Morning, about Ten o'Clock, to Mr. Leivin s, he had sent for any one, and advised him so fend and was told by his Servant that he was not at Home , for Dr. SmiUi — No medical Person had attended him and your Committee have Reason to think, from fur- before I advised him to fend for Dr. Smith. — The tlier Enquiries made at his House, that he is gone to first Time I saw him in the Gout was about the 19th France to Mr. Whitehill. or 20th of November — 1 did not possess any Confi-

Then your Committee cal led MefTrs. Gregg and Polls clence with him, nor did lieconfult me about going before them; and Mr. Potts, being examined, gave Abroad."

the following Evidence. " I was retained for Mr. Then the following Questions were put to the Wit-Whitchill whilst he was in India, and, as such, vvasde- ness.

fired by Mr. Boucher to advert to the Proceedings in Did he disclose to yon, when you saw him with the India House respecting him ;but I did not fee him, Dr. Smithy that he was then going Abroad ?

nor hear from him, whilii he was in Town, or at any " No, never."

Timefince, which Mr. Leivin very well knew — I did Did you know of his Intention at that Time ?

not wait upon him whilst in England, expecting to be " No. He asked me if the Change of Air would, be feut for to him — I was desired to look after his Bu- of Use to him ? and I said it certainly would; and he linels in Chancery — I did not receive any Retainer from mentioned Spa — He asked me if I would take a Tour him — I had no other Business of his — never saw a Let- with him ? I said, I would; and I imagined he was ter from him — Mr. Leivin never assigned any Reason to going to Balk"

me for Mr. WhitehiWs going Abroad — I did not fee When was the first; Time of his disclosing to you him for some Time after he (Mr. Whitehill) was gone." his Intention of going Abroad ?

Mr. Gregg informed your Committee, That they are " Esther the Evening of the 21st or 22d of Novem-concerned for Mr. Whitehill in a Suit against him, ber, the Day after I had the first Conversation with which is under the Care of Mr. Polls; and the Witness him about Change of Air; he said he thought Spa knows nothing of Mr. Whilehilly nor ever spoke to Mr. would be more beneficial to him than Bathy and as I Leivin about him, or about any thing else. was going to Saint Amand!, near Valenciennes, he would

Dr. Hugh Smith being called before your Committee, go Part of the Journey with me. — We set out the next and examined, gave the following Evidence. Morning, and went, together to Dover — he was ex-

" I saw Mr. Whitehill once, as a Physician, at N° 76, ceedingly lame, and walked on Crutches — We went to Charlotte Street, Rathbone Place; it was the ? 1 ft No* Ofield — In our Road to Dover he got much better, and vember 1781* as appears by my Memorandum. — I ne- left one of his Crutches behind him — I knew no-ver saw him before or since" (produces the Notice to thing then of his Intention to stay Abroad — He had attend him, ligned by Mr. Bird) " he was in the Room Four or Five Servants with him, but not much Lug- — -he is a Surgeon. — Mr. Whitehill had had a smart Fit gage — We went together to Brujfcls — I (laid there of the Gout, and it was rather a Confutation about his Three Days — hev did not improve, in his Health in Health - he was under a Fit of the Gout — it had been Proportion to what he had done between London and upon him about a Week or Ten Days — it gave him a Dover-+VL& neverjmentioned to me-his Intention of good deal of Pain, hut he was goingintothe Country flaying Abroad — We parted at Brujids, and I never that Afternoon — he had also a bilious Complaint. — We received any Letter from him, exceptrOne from Brus-iaid down a proper Regimen for him." Jets — I know nothing of the State of his Health — he

And Dr. Smith being asked, If Mr. Whitehill bated lodged, when in Town, in Charlotte Street to him his Intention of going Abroad, or if he advised Your Committee beg Leave to obfe'fve to the House, t»im so to do; said. He mentioned his Intention of That they can fed the Evidence given by each Witness leaving London. to be read to him before he withdrew.

And Iveing asked, If he had any Reason by that to sup- Mr.. Leivin having in his Evidence mentioned some pole lie meant to go Abroad ? he anfsvered as follows: Effects of Mr. WhitehiWs being in the Hands of Mr.

" Nothing passed iu Conversation to give me that Contis, a Banker, in the SUaml, your Committee ap-jhlea; whatever his Intention was, it was formed before plied to that Gentleman; from, whom they learned, that I saw him — I did not advise him to go Abroad. — Upon there is no Money now remaining in his Hands upon

f:^iugMr. Bird fluce, and asking him how our Friend Mr. IVhi (eh ill's Account, the Wholediaving been drawn id ? he said Very well, or pretty well, or something out by the said Mr. Lenin since the Beginning of Ja-that Purpose. — It might be a Month after I had at- nuary iafi, to the Amount of £. ib,6oo; £. 12,000 and fended Mr. WhitchilL — I did not a(k if he was Abroad upwards of which was drawn for since the Beginning of

knew it." March last. . Compelling

Your Committee was attended by Mr. Oakes, who Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Mr. Whitehill examined, gave the following Evidence. compelling John Whitehill, Esquire, to return into this to return to

t&t Kingdom; the Kingdom.

22 Geo. III. 8 0 Mai091

Kingdom; and for restraining him, in case of his Return, from going out of this Kingdom for a limited Time; and for discovering his Estate and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating of the same: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir George Howard, Mr. JenkmJ'on, Mr. Gregory, Sir AdamFer-giiffon, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Wallace, Mr. Mansfield, the Lord Lewisham, Mr. Ortf, Mr. Macdonald, Mr. North, Mr. Yorke, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

India The Serjeant at Arms attending this House, being Affairs 1 called upon to give an Account of what had been done Kefolutiooi jn relation to the taking . Lexvin, Esquire, and Mr*Lcwin Thomas Gardiner, who were ordered into his Custody,

on this Day Sevennight; the Messenger, who was sent in Search of them, was called in and examined; and acquainted the House, that they had withdrawn themselves, and were not yet taken.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Thomas Leivin, Esquire, late Secretary to the Council at Madras, has absconded, in order to avoid being examined before the Committee of Secrecy, appointed to enquire into the Causes of the War that now subsists in the Carnatic, and of the present Condition of the British Possessions in those Parts, and to report the same to the House, with their Observations thereupon.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will begraciously pleased immediately to issue His Royal Proclamation, with such Reward as His Majesty shall think proper, for discovering, apprehending, and detaining the said Thomas Lewin.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's moli honourable Privy Council.

Woollen, Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House, ac-c. cording to Order, a Bill for punishing Persons wilfully Maaufacture. an(j maliciously destroying any Woollen, Silk, Linen, or Cotton Goods, or any Implements prepared for or used in the Manufacture thereof; and for repealing so much of Two Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of King George the First, and in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Punishment of Persons destroying any Woollen or Silk Manufactures, or any Implements prepared for or used therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

St. Luke's A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of Workhouse. Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill more effectually to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase, hire, or erect a Workhouse within or near the said Parish, for the better Reception and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish; and setting forth. That the Parishioners are already poffoffed of a proper House for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish; and the Petitioners apprehend, the building of anew House would occasion an unnecessary Expence to them, who are already burthened with heavy Taxes, the Rate for the Relief of the Poor being Four Shillings in the Pound, and, should the said Plan for building the said Workhouse be carried into Execution, the Petitioners apprehend it would amount to an additional Rate of One Shilling in the Pound for several Years, which Burthen the Petitioners would be unable to bear; and they conceive the present Workhouse might be made convenient for the Reception of the Poor at a much less Expence than would be occasioned by building a new one: and that the Vestrymen of the said Parish consist of Fifty-four Persons only, and the Petitioners conceive, that if a greater Number of Persons properly qualified were authorized to act as Vestrymen within the said Parish* Vol. 38.

the Business of the same would be conducted in a better Manner, and at a less Expence, than at present: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Provision may be made in the said Bill for the Purpose& aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Hanover to whom the Bill for better paving, cleansing, and Square lighting Part of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover paving-Square, in the County of Middlesex, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayers of the several Petitions which were presented to the House upon the 3d and 6th Days of this Instant May, and were then eferred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr,

Hett:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Spitalfields for making a Passage for Carriages from Spitalfields to to Bishopf-Bishopsgate Street, in the County of Middlesex, and for pav ing the fame; and for appropriating to those Purposes the Money arisen by virtue of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for applying the Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, to arise out of the Orphans Fund, for making such Passage; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Bill for infliding certain Pains and Bijj pa}n$ Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter and Penalties Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of Public Trust, against Sir and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them Rumbold,

whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies, be printed*

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Restraining whole House, to consider further of the Bill for restrain- Sir T. Ruining Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, ^c\

Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom for the Space the King-of One Year, and until the End of the then next Session dom. of Parliament; and for discovering the Estate and Effects of Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, Peter Perring, and John Whitehill, Esquires, and for preventing the transporting or alienating of the fame.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Howard took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Howard reported from the Committee,

That they had heard Counsel in Support of the Petition of Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, refolre itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir James Lowther have leave to make a Motion, it being after Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and,

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers . »b &c of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His R©ii, present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Road from the Borough of Appleby, in the County of Westmoreland, through the Township " of Orton, to Kirby Kendal, and from Orton to the " Turnpike Road near Shapp, and from Highgate near cc Tebay, in a Part of the Highway between Appleby> uU 44 and

99*

8° — 9°

A. 1782.

u and Kirk) Kendal, through the Town of Kirby " Steven, to the Town of Market Brough, in the said " County," was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered ;to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for preventing any Turnpike Gate from being erected within a certain Distance of Kendal.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,u An Act for repairing and widening " the Road from the Borough of Appleby, in the County " of Westmor eland, through the Township of Orion, " to Kirby Kendal, and from Orton to the Turnpike u Road near Shapp, and from Highgalc near Tebay, in " a Part of the Highway between Appleby and Kirby u Kendal, through the Town of Kirby Steven, to the " Town of Market Brough, in the said County."

Ordered, That Sir Michael le Fleming do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovif, 90 die Mail;

Anno 22* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

Winftone OIR William Guise reported from the Committee, to Inclosure, whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Winftone, in the County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Ninety-two Acres, or thereabouts; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed confitis of 770 Acres, or thereabouts; $nd that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bilb with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Brofeley, &c. The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Small Debts. Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Brofeley, Bent hall, Made ley, Barrow, Linley, Willey, Little Wenlock, and Dawley, and an extra-parochial Place called Pofnall, in the County of Salop.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Press 7. 1. 25. After " Shillings" insert " and exceeding Two Shillings."

Press 8. 1. 31.I

and > After " equitable" insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A.) " Provided nevertheless, and be it " Enacted, That in case such Deb-.

" for or Debtors, on being served " with such Summons, shall forthwith pay, or cause to be paid,

" into the Hands of the Serjeant,

" or the Creditor, or to his or her " Agent, the Whole of the Debt " due and owing, together with ts the Fee payable to the Clerk for " issuing such Summons, and the c< Serjeant for serving the fame;

the Receipt of such Serjeant, Creditor, or Agent, for such Debt,

" shall flop all further Proceedings " of the said Court against such " Debtor or Debtors."

Press 9. 1. 25. After "Shillings" insert "and exceeding Two Shillings."

Press 12. J. 11. Leave out " Calendar Months" and insert " Weeks."

Press 22. 1. 25. After the second " the" insert " Clerk and."

Press 29. 1. 16. After " applied" insert Clause (B.)

Clause (B.) " And be it further Ena6ted, That

" whenever any Person shall he " committed to Prison, by virtue " of any Execution or Process " issued in pursuance of this Act,

" for the Recovery of any Debt " or Costs, the Person or Persons " at whose Suit such Execution or " Process shall issue, shall pay and " allow to the Person committed <c the Sum of Two Pence a Day,

" for every Day he or flie shall <c courtinue in Prison upon the same " Execution or Process, towards Ki his or her Subsistence; the same <c to be paid to the Keeper of the . cc said Prison, or left at his House,

" for the Use of the Person so " committed; and in case any " Default shall be made in the cc Payment of the said Sum of Two c< Pence a Day, for any One or u more Day or Days, and due " Proof on Oath of such Default 4C shall be made, to the Satisfaction of any Justice of the Peace u residing and acting within the " Limits of this A6fc (who is hereby " authorized and empowered to " administer such Oath) that then "it shall be lawful for the said Justice to order and direct such " Prisoner to be. forthwith set at " Liberty, and such Person shall " thereupon be discharged from " the Payment of the Money for " which be or lhe shall have been " so committed."

Press 29. 1. 19. After "Shillings" insert "and exceeding Two Shillings."

Press 30. 1. 2. After " Shillings" insert " and doth " exceed Two Shillings."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr.. Whitmore do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Calverton and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Inclosure. Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Manor ot

Cal vert on,

Sand ia ere Inclosure.

Lord

Monson't

Estate.

Alhbornr,

&c.

Road*.

'I'lGeo. 111. c? Maiu 993

Calverhm, with the West Side of Stratford., in

the County of Buckingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Hill do pass: And that the Title b<-. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Manor of -

ton, with the West Side of Stoney Stratford, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That the Lord Fair ford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord George Cavendijhreported from the Committee,

so vvhdm the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Lordship or Liberty of Sandiacre, in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April .1 774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk'sTable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question ft-verally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Huffey Delavalreported from the Committee,

to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Hertford, late the Estate of John Lord Monson, deceal'ed, in Trustees, to be sold and disposed of, in and for the Payment of his Debts and certain of the Legacies and Portions given by his Will and Codicil; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to rf port the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the find Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, '\ hat Sir John Huffey Delaval do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

ett:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the High Road leading from in

" the County of Derby, to the Town of in the " County of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate, upon " Rushton Common, to Congleton, in the County of " Chester, and also the Road leading from Marsh,

" in the County of Stafford, through " moor, and Blore, to the Turnpike Road from Ashborne " to Buxton, near Thorp, in the County of Derby," as relates to the District of Road between Ashborne and Congleton, and for repairing the Road from the End of Ashborne Church Yard to the Top of the Dig Street, in Ashborne aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

Vol. 38.

Act for repairing and widening the Rokd from Tarpor- Tarporley, ley, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Acton Bridge fcc. Road. near IVeverham, in the same County; without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Pitt's for confirming and carrying into Execution certain Agreement. Agreements entered into by John Pitt, Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests, with Benjamin Planner, and others, relating to certain W'afte Lands, and other Lands, in the Parish of Egham, in the County of Surrey, and for vesting the same in the said John Pitt, and his Heirs, in Trust for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and to effectuate the other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Basset's for discharging the Manor of Imley, otherwise Evenley, Estate, and divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Imley, otherwise Evenley, aforesaid, and elsewhere, in the Cojunty of Northampton, Part of the Estate of Sir Francis Basset, of Tehidy Park, in the County of Cornwall, Baronet, from the Uses, Estates, and Trusts declared concerning the same, in and by the last Will and Testament of Francis Bajfel, late of Tehidy Park aforesaid, Esquire, deceased, and for settling another Manor and other Lands and Hereditaments of greater Value in lieu thereof, to the like Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. .;

And then the Mefiengera withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Exportation resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Hop*, upon the Bill for encouraging the Exportation of Hops, of British Growth, to and for Ireland, by Way of Merchandize;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 23d Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Duty on Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Tobacco, granting an additional Duty upon Tobacco, and for repealing certain Duties payable upon the Importation of Brandy and Arrack, and for gran ting other Duties in lieu thereof, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Nine hundred and Eight Pounds Nine Shillings and One Penny Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, to make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued, by His Majesty's Orders, in pursuance of the Addreflesof this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Fourteen thousand Seven hundred and Nineteen Pounds and Four Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to replace the like Sum which has

Ways and Mcaiw.

Supply Bill Exchequer Bills.

Importation of Goods from St. Chriho-pher's, &c.

994

Mail.

A \ 1782.

has been issued His Majesty's Orders, to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Four Pounds per Ton be laid upon ' all Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass made from Rock Salt, or Salt Rock, Brine, or Sea Water, at any Salt Work in Great Britain, and after that Rate for a greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Person who shallmanufacture or make such Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, shall yield and pay annually unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Sum of Five Pounds, for a Licence for that Purpose.

The said-Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, Thatit be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, smd bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon Tuesday the 12th Day of March last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions this Day reported from the said Committee, and which have been agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, to prevent Frauds in the Duties on Foul Salt to be used in manuring of Land.

; A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, was read a Second Time.

ReJblved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing the Importation of Goods, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the Islands of Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Montserrat> into any Ports of H is Majesty's Dominions in Europe or America, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Minchin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Minchin reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him ‘7

Elfatf.

to report the same to the House, without any Amendment, and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Greville presented to the House, according Improv#* to Order, a Bill for the Improvement of Portman Square, n)cnl Port< in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging the Manor o(Imldy, otherwise Evenley, and divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Imley, otherwise Evenley, aforesaid, and elsewhere in the County of Northampton, Part of the EstateofSir Francis Basset, of Tehidy Park, in the County of Cornwall, Baronet, from the Uses, Estates, and Trusts declared concerning the same, in and by the last Will and Testament of Francis Bajfel, late of Tehidy Park aforesaid, Esquire, deceased, and for settling another Manor and other Lands and Hereditaments of greater Value in lieu thereof, to the like Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Restraining to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Sir T. Rom. to con£der further of the Bill for restraiiiing Sir Thomas Rum bo Id, Baronet, and Peter P erring, Esquire, from the Kings going out of this Kingdom, for the Space of One Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament 5 and for discovering the Estate and Effects of Sir Thomas Rimbold, Baronet, Peter Perring, and John Whitehill, Esquires, and for preventing the transporting or alienating of the fame, be sow read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Howard took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Howard reported from the Committee,

That they had heard Counsel in Support of the Petition of Peter Perring, late of Fort Saint George, Madras, Esquire; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Secretary Fox reported to the House, That their Answer to Address of Friday last, (that His Majesty would be Addrdire. pleased to recall Sir Elijah Impey, Knight, one of the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, to answer to the Charge of having accepted au Office granted by, and tenable at the Pleasure of, the Servants of the East India Company, which has a Tendency to create a Dependence in the said Supreme Court upon those over whose Actions the said Court was intended as a Controul, contrary to the good Purposes and true Intent and Meaning of an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign) had been, presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

Mr. Secretary Fox also reported to the House, That AnlWrto their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would he Ad.irdsre* graciously pleased immediately to Issueldis Royal Proclamation, with such Reward as 11 is Majesty shall think proper, for discovering, apprehending, and detaining Thomas Lewin, Esquire, late Secretary to the Council at Madras) had been presented to His Majesty; and

that

2i Geo. III.

Mali

that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will immediately issue His Royal Proclamation accordingly.

Prrcfemation for apprehending Mr. Lx win.

His Majesty's Proclamation, issued in purfttande of the said Address, is as followeth:

By the KING,

A PROCLAMATION

for apprehending Thomas Lew in, Esquire.

GEORGE R.

Whereas on the First of this Instant May, Complaint being made to the House of Commons, that... Lewin, Esquire (late Secretary to the Council at , at

the Time John Whilchill, Esquire, was Governor of that Presidency) having been ordered by the Committee of Secrecy, appointed to enquire into the causes of the War that now subsists in the Carnatic, and of the present Condition of the British Possessions in those Parts, to attend the said Committee on the precedingDay, and also on the First Day of this Instant May, had neglected so to do; it was thereupon ordered by the' said House of Commons, that Thomas Esquire, should be

taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending the said House of Commons: And whereas the said Serjeant at Arms having been called upon to give an Account of what had been done in relation to the taking the said Thoihas Leivin, Esquire, and the Messenger

who was sent in Search of him being called in and examined, and having acquainted the House that he had withdrawn himself, and was not taken; an humble Address hath been presented to Us by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, in Parliament assembled, that We , would be graciously pleased. to issue our Royal Proclamation for apprehending the said Thomas with

a Promise of a Reward for the fame; We have thought lit, by and with the Advice of Our Privy Council; to issue this Our Royal Proclamation, hereby requiring and commanding all Our loving Subjects whatsoever, to discover and apprehend, or cause the said to be discovered and apprehended, and to carry him before fouie of Our Justices of the Peace, or Chief Magistrates of the County, Town, or Place where he shall be apprehended, who are respectively required to securethe laid Thomas Lewin, and thereof give speedy

Notice to one of Our principal Secretaries of State; to the end he may be forthcoming to be dealt withal and proceeded against according to Law. — And for' the Prevention of an Escape of the said Thomas Lewin into Parts beyond the Seas, We do require and command all Our Officers of the Customs, and other Our Officers and Subjects of and in Our respective Ports and Maritime Towns and Places within Our Kingdom of Great Britain, that they and every of them, in their respective Places and Stations, be careful and diligent in the Examination of all Persons that shall pass or endeavour to pass beyond the Seas, and if they shall discover the said Thomas Leivin, then to cause him to be apprehended and secured, and to give Notice thereof as aforesaid: And We do hereby strictly charge and, command all Our loving Subjects, as they will answer the contrary at their Perils, that they do not any ways conceal, but do discover him the said Thomas Lewin, to the end he may be secured: And for the Encouragement of all Persons to be diligent and careful, in endeavouring to discover and apprehend the said Thomas Lewin, We do hereby further declare, that whosoever shall discover and apprehend the said Thomas Leivin, and shall bring him the said Thomas Lewin before some Justice of the Peace, or Chief Magistrate as aforesaid, shall have and receive as a Reward for the discovering, apprehending, and bringing the said Thomas Lewin before such Justice of the Peace, or Chief Magi-\ t»L. 38.

strateas aforesaid, the'Sum of Five hundred Pounds; which Our Commissioners of Our Treasury are hereby required and directed to pay accordingly.

Given at Our Court at Saint James's, the Seventeenth Day of May, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, in the Twenty-second Year of Our Reign.

God save the King.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Re/bfved,1 That this House will, upon J'vefday Morn- East India ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of tile whole Affair*. House, to consider further of the several Reports which have been tnade from the Committees of Secrecy, appointed in the lati and this present' Session of Parliament, relating to the Affairs of the East India Company. ' "

1

And then the House adjourned till To-morrov?

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

; , . , . , t;

..... 1. . .....„ ....

; - I; »; r. , f

Veneris> iQ0 die Mali. \

1 ': 11 *

Anno 22* Georgii III*" Regis, 1782.

Prayers. \ .

MR. Stracheypresented to the House, according Duties on to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty Salt-additional Duties upon Salt, and certain Duties upon,

Glauber or Epsom Salts, and other Medicinal Salts and also on Mineral Alkali, or FJux for Glass, made from Salt; and to prevent Frauds in the Duties on foul Salt, to be used in manuring of Land: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

: Mr. Dundcq reported from the Committee, to whom BoUm

the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com- Inclosur*. irion Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Landsand Grounds, within the Tow nfliipof Bolarn, in the Parish of Gainford, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined, and fonnd that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; exfcept that the Natnes of the Commissioners were not inserted in the Bill presented to the House, but were inserted in the Bill offered to the Proprietors for their Consent thereto; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and ipade several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Ones and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for granting an additional Duty Duty on upon Tobacco; and for repealing certain Duties pay- Tobacco, Ac. able upon the Importation of Brandy and Arrack, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting an additional Duty upon Tobacco and Snuff; and for repealing certain Duties pay-

j 1 X aide

able upon the Importation of Brandy and Arrack, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Strachey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, *

Supply Bill; ' A Bill for charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills Stamp of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, pay-

Dutjc*. abje otherwise than upon Demand, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn*-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. '

Foreign Mr. Sibthorpe reported from the Committee, to whom

Corn. the Petition of several principal Cornfactors, on Behalf of themselves and others; and also, the Petition of Robert Wilfotiy of the City of London, Cornfactor, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had direC!ed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af- terwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; 'biz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. James Burne, an Officer belonging to the Custom House, informed your Committee, That the Port of London is now Unit in respect to the Importation of Foreign Corn and Grain.

George Middling, a CornfaClor, being examined, said, That according to the present Prices of Corn and Grain, there is no Appearance of the said Port being opened for a considerable Time to come. — Which last Evidence was confirmed by Mr. James Blatch.

Mr. James Burne being again examined, informed your Committee, That 5,066 Quarters of Wheat were imported into the Port of London, in the Months of August and September last: 10,008 Quarters and Two Bushels of Oats between the 7th of February and 27th of July 1781; and 4,561 Quarters of Peas, between the 15th of April 1779 an^ I7t*1 August 1780- And he produced the original Warrants from the Custom House, which confirmed his Evidence.

Then several Warehousekeepers were examined; by whose Evidence it appeared, that the several Quantities of Wheat, Oats, and Peas, mentioned by Mr. Burne, are now in their Custody, in certain Warehouses under the King's Locks. — And all the Witnesses said, That keeping such Corn in Warehouses is attended with a considerable Expence, and notwithstanding all the Care that can be taken, the same is daily reduced in Quantity, and growing worse in Quality.

Mr. William Anderson, aCornfactor, being examined, said, That if the above-mentioned Corn were brought to the London Market, it would not materially affect the Price of Corn there, the Quantity being so very inconsiderable.

This Evidence was confirmed by several CornfaClors

Ijrefent, who all agreed, that this Quantity would not ower the Price of Corn, in that Market, Six Pence in a Quarter.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Samuel Iiollingsworth being examined, said, That Three Cargoes of Foreign Wheat have lately arrived in the Port oi London \ vi % . One on the 15th of March last, another on the 8th of April last, and another on the nth of April last, containing in the whole 1,562 Quarters and Two Bushels.

Mr. David Sandiman being examined, said, That he had examined the Books of the Correspondence of the Proprietors the Wheat mentioned in this Petition, from which it appeared, that Orders were given for pure haling and shipping the same on the id of January last.

Mail. ." 1782

Ordered, That the said Repdrt be referted to the Corisideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider 01 the-laid Report-

An ingrossed Bill for allowing the Importation of Goods, of the Growth, Produce* or Manufacture of the Islands of Saint Chtifiopher, Nevis, and Montferr at, into any Ports of His Majesty's Dominions in Europe or America, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing the Importation of Goods, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the Islands of Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Montserrat, into any Ports of His Majesty's Dominions in Europe or America, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties.

Ordered, That Mr. Minchin do carry the Bill to th6 Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Coke of Nottingham reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the amending and rendering more effectual the Law's in being relative to Houses of Correction, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, wdiich they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, was re-committed, betaken into farther Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for exempting the City <c of Winchester, the County of Southampton, the Town u of Shreivjbuiy, and the County of Salop, out of the Provisions of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of <c the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, " intituled, "An Act for regulating the Quartering u of Soldiers during the Time of the Elections of " Members to serve in Parliament," so far as the same u relates to the Removal of Troops during the Elections <c of Members to serve in Parliament, for a limited " Time," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, K An Act for exempting the City of I Finchester, the County of Southampton, the Town of " Shrewsbury, and the County of Salop, out of the " Provisions of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the " Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, " intituled, "An Act for regulating the Quartering " of Soldiers during the Time of the Elections of " Members to serve in Parliament," so far as the same u relates to the Removal of Troops during the Elections " of Members to serve in Parliament, for a limited " Time."

Ordered, That Mr. Penfori do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from a Place called The'Hardwicke, in the Parish of Clifford, to Windmill Hill, and from Vowchurch to Pontrilas, in the County of Hereford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved,

Importation of Goods from St Christopher'* tec,

Laws respecting Houses of Correction. J

Poor Relief and Employment.

Quartering Soldiers during Elections.

Hardwickf, &c. Roads.

2i Geo. III.

to* Mail 997

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titlfe be. An Act for repairing and widening the Roa<ls from a Place called The Hardzvic in the Parish of Clifford, to Windmill Hill, and from Voivchurch to Pontrilas, in the County of Hereford.

Ordered, That Sir George Cornewall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

idinkurgh An ingrossed Bill for preventing the Slaughtering of Cl,y Cattle, and for removing Nuisances, within the City provemen an(j Liberties of Edinburgh; and for impowering the Lord Provost and the Magistrates to alter the Mode of giving Saflnes on Burgages, and for granting other Powers for the better Government of the said City, was read the Third Tirtie.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for preventing the Slaughtering of Cattle within the City of Edinburgh, and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom.

Ordered, That Mr. Hunte Blair do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

i inftone An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open udofure. and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Winfione, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Tinje.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Winfione, in the County of Glou* cefier.

Ordered, That Sir William Guise do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

yve Bridge Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for building a new Bridge, instead of the pre-ancaster. pent ancient Bridge, commonly called Lancaster Bridge, at a more convenient Place over the River Loyne, near the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; and to whom the Petition of William Brad/haw Bradjluno, of Halton Hall, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, Esquire, and William Mason, of Lancaster, in the said County, Gentleman, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and examined Witnesses in Support thereof, and also had heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendmentsthereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

mmment. RtJ'olved, That this House will, at the-Riling of the

House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

w*vs Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House d Means, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now' read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Vol. 38.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee', That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was

directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means forraifing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cholwich's fdr discharging Part of the settled Estates of Burridge Chohvich, Esquire, in the County Of , from the Uses and Trusts of his Marriage Settlement, and for settling other Estates in the said County in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rolle,

Mr. Byng, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An p'"'» Act for confirming, and carrying into Execution, cer- Agreement*;1 tain Agreements entered into by John Esquire,

Surveyor-General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests, with Benjamin Planner, and others, relating to certain Waste Laqds,' and other Lands, in the Parish of Egharn, in the County of Surrey, and for vesting the same in the said John Pitt, grid his'-Heirs, in Trust for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to efleftuate the other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the -Day, for the House to Supply Bill;

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Exchequer

upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by

Lpans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year

One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, be now

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- ‘ mittee. That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for consolidating certain Annuities which were made One Joint Stock by an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, with certain Annuities consolidated by several Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth, Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirty-first, Thirty-second, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and

several subsequent Acts.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of the United Company of Merchants of Indemnify-England trading to the East Indies, was presented to the ineEast India House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners ?o " stand indebted to His Majesty for Customs on Goods erruin Pay-imported, in sundry Sums of Money, amounting to- ments. gether to £.396,466. is. 6d. after making certain Deductions and Allowances, to which by Law the Petitioners are entitled on due Payment of the said Customs on or before the respective Days on which the same became

due

Indemnify] Ealt india Company relped to c tain Payments.

5>98

io" Mali.

A. 1781.

ng due; and that the said Customs became due at the

in

tr-

following;

ift December 1781, 23d January 1782, I 163.367- 12. 4-

191,868. 4- 8.

2 2d February> >5.93»* 17-

23d Ditto, 2,15°. 4- 6.

26th Ditto, 23,148. 4-

396,466. 2. 6.

bnd that, by Means of the said Customs not being paid at the respective Times the same became due as aforesaid, the Petitioners, beftdes losing the Benefit of the said Deductions and Allowances, are liable to pay Interest for the fame, after the Rate of £. 6 Centum per

Annum; and that, by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for establishing an Agreement between the Petitioners and the Public, it was enacted, that the Sum of £. 400,000 should by the Petitioners be paid into the Exchequer, at the Times and in the Proportions therein mentioned, the last of which Payments was of £. 100,000, and was to have been made on the id of December 1781, for the Use of the Public, and on Failure of Payment the Petitioners were thereby made liable to Damages, at the Rate of 15 per , on the Monies unpaid, with (uli Colls of Suit; and it was thereby further enacted, that from the id Day of March 1781, the clear Profits of the said Company should be disposed of and applied as follows; viz. the Petitioners were first to set apart iu each Year l'uch Sum as should be equal to £. 8 p upon

the Petitioners Capital Stock of £. 3,200, Coo, and in case there should be a Surplus, Three-fourth Parts of such Surplus should be set apart and applied for the Use of the Public, and the remaining Fourth Part thereof should be reserved and retained for the Petitioners Use; and that it should be lawful for the Petitioners to apply such Money as they were to retain for themselves, and other Money in the said Act mentioned, in the Payment of Dividends to the Proprietors of the Stock of the said Company, not exceeding £. 1 o s. per

tum, provided that the Petitioners Bond Debt did not at any such Time exceed-1,500,000, and provided they did not increase their present Dividend of £. 8 per Centum more than at the Rate of £. 1 per Centum, in each Year; and, in order to ascertain the said Yearly Profit, the Petitioners were to cause to be made up Yearly, for each Year, with as much Accuracy as the Nature of the same would admit, a Statement of the Profit and Loss upon the Whole of their Trade and Revenues, together with the State of the Debts of the Company in England, from the 1 ft Day of March in every Year to the ill Day of March.in each succeeding Year, which said Account was to besigned and delivered to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, as therein is mentioned; and that a Statement hath been duly made up of the Profit and Loss upon the Whole of the Petitioners Trade and Revenues, from the ill Day of March 1781 to the id Day of March 1782, whereby it appears, that the Petitioners Net Profits in that Year did not amount to so much as a Dividend upon the Petitioners Stock, at the Rate of £. 8 per Centum per Annum, by the Sum of £. 22,023; and that by Means of the late Arrival of Eighteen of the Petitioners Ships from India and China in the last Year, whole Cargoes could not be disposed of and converted into Money within the usual Period, and by Means of the Payments made by the Petitioners to the Use of the Public of the Sum of £. 300,000, Part of the said Sum- of £. 400,000, the Petitioners were not able to pay the said Customs, and the said remaining £. 100,000, at the Times the same became due, and to continue a Dividend at the Rate of £. 8 per Centum per Annum, without borrowing Money for those Purposes, wherelore the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury have In en pleased tocgufeut to poll pone the said 18

Payment of tiiefitid Sum Of£. 100,000 to the tft Hay of June 1782, and of the said Customs to the 2 tft Day of the same Month; and thht the Petitioners Default m respectto the said Payments having arose by such Means as aforesaid, the Petitioners hone it will be thoughtreasonable that they should be discharged and indemnified from all Damages, Interest, Lolfes, and Diladvantages arising the reby; and that Experience has shewn, that by the late Arrival of Ships, or by an unavoidable In* crease of Expences in.particular Years, the Petitioners clear Profits in some Years may not appear, by' the Annual Account of Receipts and Payments in England, equal to a Dividend of £. 8 per Centum upon the Petitioners Capital Stock, when, upon an Average of several successive Years, a considerableS^rlusmay remain; and that it is doubtful whether, uikk-r such Circumstances, the Petitioners, consistdnt with the Provisions in the said Act of the last Selfiou of Parliament, can make a Dividend to the Proprietors of their Stock, ah though upon a just and true State of their Alfairs they may be well able so to do; and thata considerable Fluctuation or total Celfation of Dividends to the Proprietors will not only distrefe Individuals, but may deeply affect the Petitioners Credit, in Support of which the Public are greatly interested: And therefore praying.

That they' may be relieved in respect of the said Default of Payment of the said Money due to the Public, and may be freed and discharged from all Damages, Interest, and Lolfes on account thereof, upon Payment of the said Sums at the aforesaid poltponed Times; and that upon the Petitioners making it appear £0 the Satis-tisfaction of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, upon ajuft and trueStateof their ElFeftsin England, that the Petitioners are able to make a Dividend to the Proprietors at the Rate of £. 8 per Centum, they may hereafter be allowed so to do, although it shall not appear upon the Annual Account, that a Profit hath ariseo that Year equal thereto, and that the Deficiency of Profit may be carried to the succeeding Year's Account, and that the said Deficiency of 22,023; in the last Year's Account, may be charged to the Account of the present Year, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and Hate to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Sir Henry Mr. Richard

Smith, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

That there be laid before this House, aCopy Luicr fm of a Circular Letter from the Earl of Shelburne, one of o(

His Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, to the Lord Mayor of London, and other Magistrates and Officers, dated the 7th Day of May 1782; together with the Pleads of a Plan therein inclosed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,aCopy Ch-„ of the Patent whereby an additional Salary of^. 2,000 of per Annum was granted to the late Earl Bench to.

on his Appointment to the Office of Chief Justice of the King's Bench.

Ordered, That there be laid before tbisHouse.aCopy chief jtfcc; of the Patent whereby an additional Salary of £. 1,000 of tw# Jter Annum was granted to Alexander Lord rieliiun

rough. Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, and to the Chief Justice of the Common Pleas for the Time being, to commence from Michaelmas 1780.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Wf-Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

/ v hole

22 Gf.o. III. 10° — 11* Mali. 999

whole Ilonfe, toconsider further of the Supply granted to Mis Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lttnce, 13" Maii;

Anno 22* Georgii III'" Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

hr ton or the Hiil Inclosure.

ABI LL for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Orton on the Hill, in the County of Leicester, and the Lands within the Ring of the said Fields, reputed to belong formerly to the Abbey of Merevale, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ford, Mr . Pocltin,&c.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Basset's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for discharging the Manor of Imley, otherwise

and divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Imley, otherwise , aforesaid, and elsewhere in the County of Northampton, Part of the Estate of Sir Francis BaJJ'et, of Park, in the County of Cornwall, Baronet, from the LTfes, Estates, and Trulls, declared, concerning the same, in and by the last Will and Testament of Francis late of

Tehidy Par A'aforesaid, Esquire, deceased, and for settling another Manor, and other I^ands and Hereditaments of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. warne, the Lord Mahon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Accounts of The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from Tonnage of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended t!>hScotch 18 at"tl*e Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre-Pom>° fented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Total Number and Tonnage of all British Ships and Vessels arrived and reported in all the Ports of Scotland, with an Account of the Number of Seamen navigating suchShips and Vessels, distinguishing the British from the Foreign Seamen, from the ill of January 1780 to the ill of 1782; dillin-

guishing each Port and each Year, and, as far as can be, the Number and Tonnage of such of the said Ships and Vessels as were employed in the Service of Government: And also.

An Account of the Total Number and Tonnage of all Foreign Ships and Vessels arrived and reported in all the Ports of Scotland, with the Number of Foreign Seamen navigating such Ships and Vessels, from the ill of ! January 1780 to the ift of 1782; distinguishing

each Port and each Year, and also, as far as can be,

! the Number and Tonnage of such as were employed

in the Service of Government.

1 And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session,

I Samliacre An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Inclosure. the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Voi.. 38.

Commonable Places, within the Lcffdship or Liberty of Sandiacre, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 42. To leave out from the beginning of the Press to " And" in Press 43, line 9. and insert, " And be it further Enacted. That the Exchange made on the " Inclosure of a certain Common or Piece of Waste Ground called Dale " Moor or Stanton , of Parts " thereof, containing together Five " Acres Three Roods and Twenty " Perches, allotted to the Right honourable Philip Earl Stanhope and " his Heirs, and of Eighteen Perches,

" Part of an ancient Inclosure belonging to the said Earl, being the " South Welt End of a Croft called " Work house Croft, with the Building thereon erected, called The WorkItoufe, for Part, containing Five " AcresTwo Roods and Ten Perches,

" of One of the said Commons or " Commonable Places intended to be " inclosed by virtue of this Act, called " Sandiacre Moor, to which Dale Moor " or Stanton Moor then lay open, and " the said ancient Inclosure called " Workhouse Croft adjoined, shall be " and the same is hereby absolutely " confirmed; and that the Part of " the said Sand containing

" Five Acres Two Roods and Ten . " Perches, be the same more or less,

" on the said Exchange given to the " said Earl and his Heirs, shall from

" henceforth be and be deemed to

" be within and Part of the Manor " of Dale-, and the said Parts of the " said Dale Moor or Stanton Moor,

" containing Five Acres Three Roods " and Twenty Perches, be the same more or less, and the aforesaid Part " of the said ancient Croft, with the " Building thereon, on the said Exchange given to the Proprietors of Sandiacre Moor, shall be and be deemed to be within and Part of the Manor of Sandiacre, and be deemed " to be Part of the Land to be allotted by virtue of this Act; and that " all Claims of Tithes and Right of *c Common on the said Part of Sandiacre Moor given in Exchange for " the said Parts of the said Dale Moor " or Stanton Mooand for the aforesaid Part of the said ancient Croft,

" with the Building thereon, shall be,

" and the same are hereby for ever " extinguished; and that all Claims of " Tithes by the Parson or Incumbent " of Dale or Stanton, and all Claims " of Right of Common by Owners or " Occupiers of Lands or Ilereditaments, or Residents, in Dale or " Stanton, on the Parts of Dale Moor "or Stanton Moor, and on the aforesaid " Part of the said ancient Croft given " in Exchange for the said Part of " Sandiacre Moor, shall be, and the " same are hereby for ever extinguished; and that the Division Fences " made on the said Inclosure of Dale 11 Y " Moor

t

IOOOO

130 Mail. . 1782.

c< Moor or Stanton Moor, between that " Moor and Saudi acre Moor. shall be " and be deemed to be the Division " Lines between the said Moors, any *€ Thing in the Act for the Inclosure " of Dale Moor or Stanton Moor to " the contrary notwithstanding," in-dead thereof

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Lord ship or Liberty of Sandiacre, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Offices Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

and Employ- indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify them-mems. fe|ves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes j and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors: And that Mr. Ord and Mr. Slrachey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply Bill; Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Com-EXRM^UCr ni*ttee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for railing 1 s* a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousatid Seven hundred and Eighty-two, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Committee Ordered, That Mr. John TownJIiend, Mr. Brett, Mr.

°the Navlnig Hopkins, Mr. Stephens, and the Lord Duncannon, be added to the Committee who are appointed to examine into the Conduct of the Commissioners for victualling His Majesty's Navy, lb far as relates to supplying the Navy with Corn, Biscuit, Malt, Butter, Cheese, Wine, Beer, and other Liquors, and with Calks.

Ways Mr. according to Order, reported from the

3od Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raif-, ing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the further Sum of One Million Nine hundred thousand Pounds be raised, by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the 5th

Day of April *783, to be exchanged and received in Payment in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill he brought in upon the fai l Resolution: And that Mr. Ord, Lord John Cavendish, the Lord Althorpe, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Strachey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for punishing Persons wilfully and maliciously Woollen, destroying any Woollen, Silk, Linen, or Cotton Goods, anu urM* or any Implements prepared for, or used in, the Manufacture thereof; and for repealing so much of Two Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of King George the First, and in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Punidiment of Persons destroying any Woollen or Silk Manufactures, or any Implements prepared for, or used therein; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Boj,m Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other inclosure. Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Bolam, in the Paridi of Gainford, in the County of Durham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act; for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Bolam, in the Paridi oi Gainford. in the County of Durham.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sales of old Sale of Ord-Ordnance Stores, from ift January 1776 to ifl January nance Stores. 1782, distinguishing each Year, and how the Produce of such Sales has been applied, he referred to the Select Committee appointed to enquire into, and date to the House, the Amount of the several Sums raised by Annuities towards the Supply granted to His Majesty, between the 5th Day of January 1776 and the 5th Day of April 1782, with the Annual Interest payable thereupon, together with the Annual Produce of the several Taxes granted towards paying the Interest of the said Sums, and the Deficiencies thereof, and to report the same to the House, with their Obferrations thereupon.

Ordered, That the several Accounts of Surpluses, which have been presented to this House in the Yrears 1776, 1777, 1778, 1779, 1780, 1781, and in this present Session of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the honourable Thomas Pelham be Adminiflra. added to the Select Committee appointed to take into t,on.of. Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, BaJiar, and Orifa, and to report the fame, as it dial I appear to them, to the House, with their Observations thereupon.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Anguifi and M r. Fames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Sr. Margaret Act for amending the Pavement in, and for light- St.John's ing fume of the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Places in,

the ' nfi'

22 Geo. III.

i Mail.

IOOI

Lew ITridoe.

3recon to

Brobury

Roads.

Weyhill, 8cc. Road.

the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John

Kvangcl/ft, in Westminsterwhich are at present excluded

from the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of Mis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " amend, and render morecfiVftual, several Acts made " relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting the " S(l uares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places within the " City and Liberty of W and Parts adjacent," and for preventing Nnifances and Annoyances in or near the lame; and for making an Opening from Orchard Street, and widening same Part of Street, and of Little Peter Streetwithout hny Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a Stone Bridge crols the River of Thames, from the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore, in the Hamlet of Kete, in the County of Surrey; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Tenn and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Brecon to the Parish of Brob and to Whitney in the County of Hereford-, and for building a Bridge over the River Wye, at Bredwardine in the same County; so far as relates to Inch of the Roads comprized in the said Act as lie in the County of Hereford-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Weyhill, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Lyde Way, in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for 1 veiling Part of the Estates of Robert late Earl of neffc, deceased, in the County of in Trustees, for aTerm of Years, for railing and Payment of the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, charged by the Will of the said Earl on his said Estates; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Retraining Sir George Howard, according to Order, reported Sir T. Rum- from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the botd,&c.from j}j|| for restraining Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Kingdom!' PeterPerring, Esquire, from going out of this King-

A doin, for the Space of One Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and for discovering the El'tate and Effects of Sir Baronet,

Peter Perring, and John Esquires, and for

preventing the transporting or alienating of the fame, was re-committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Report be brought up;

The House was moved, That the Petition of Peter Perring, late of Fort Saint George, Madras, Esquire, which was presented to the House upon the 30th Day of April last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be brought up.

Sir George Howard accordingly delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the First Amendment in Fo. 4. 1. 1. being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Vol. 3S.

Earl of

Holdernefie'i

Estates.

The First Amendment in Fo. 4. 1. 1. which was to fill the Blank with £. 50,000, being read a Second Time, it was proposed to disagree with the Committee in the said Amendment, in order to fill the Blank with the Words " Twenty thousand Pounds."

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment; The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

fThe Lord Advocate of

Tellers for the Yeas,

38.

Scotland, ?

Sir George Howard: )

Tellers for the Noes, J u

So it was refoived in the Affirmative.

Several other of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 4. 1. 3. being severally read a Second Time; were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fo. 4. 1. 3. which was to leave out the Words " and Peter Perring, Esquire," and insert the Words " no One of such Sureties being in a " less Penalty than £. 10,000, and in the Penalty of " £. 50,000 for the said Peter Perring, Esquire, and

" in the Penalty of £. 25,000 for the Sureties of him " the said Peter Perring, Esquire, no One of such " Sureties being in a Id's Penalty than £. 5,000," being read a Second Time; an Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out so much thereof as related to Mr. Perring,

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out, Hand Part of the said Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Several other of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 6.1. 8. being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House;

The Amendment in Fo. 6. 1. 8. which was to fill the Blank with " ill Day of in the Year of our " Lord 1782," and boing the First Amendment in the Clause compelling a Discovery of the Ellate and Effeels of Sir Thomas Rumbold and Mr. Perring, being read a Second Time;

And the Question being proposed, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to restrain Sir " Robert Sutton, Knight of the Bath, Sir Archibald " Grant, Baronet, Denis Bond, William Burroughs, Esquires, Richard Woolley, and Thomas Warren, from " going out of this Kingdom, for the Space of One " Year, and until the End of the then next Session of " Parliament, and for discovering their Estates and Effects, and to prevent the transporting or alienating " the same; and to oblige William Squire to surrender " himself at a Time and Place mentioned in the Act, " and to give Security for his not going out of this " Kingdom for the Space of One Year, and until the " End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for " discovering his Estate and Effects, and to prevent " the transporting or alienating the fame; and for " committing the aforesaid William Burroughs to the " Prison of the Fleet, until he shall have complied with " the Directions of this Act," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The

1

1002

13° — 140 Mail.

A. 1781.

The House divided.

The Jtfoes went forth.

f The Lord Advocate of \

Tellers for the Yeas. < Scstland, >105.

I Mr. Jenkinson: j

j 48.

So it wasrefolved in the Affirmative.

Several other of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 18.I. 11. being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fo. 18.1. 11. which was to leave out from " shall" to" and" in 1. 12. and insert " forfeit " to the King, His Heirs and Successors, all his

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, Goods, Ghat-<c tels, Debts, and personal Estate, of what Nature or " Kind soever," being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Telte so, he Y^f^fhS!rJZi;‘l, Ckrk'} 3 ».

Tellers for the . j 5'-

So it passed in the Negative.

The Residue of the Amendments madet by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then iri-grqffed.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morniijg.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties Duti«o0 upon Salt, and certain Duties upon Glauber or Epsom Salt. Salts, and other Medicinal Salt, and also on Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, made from Salt; and to prevent Frauds in the Duties on foul Salt, to be used in manuring of Land, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Commiltee of the whole Hcwufe.

Resolved, Thai; this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.'

Mr. Orde presented to the House, pursuant to their Letters from Order, Earl of Shei-

N° i. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Shelburne to burne» &c-the Lord Mayor of the City of London, dated Whitehall,

7th Mai) 1782: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Circular Letter from the Earl of Shelburne to the Mayors or Chief Magistrates of the principal Cities and Towns of Great Britain, dated Whitehall, 7th May 1782; inclosing,

N° 3. Heads of a Plan for railing Corps in the several principal Towns in Great Britain.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Bill of Pains Ordered, That the Bill for inflicting certain Pains and

and Penalties Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter BumboWrT" Terring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of Public Trust, 0 and High Crimesand Misdemeanors, committed by them

whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and Prefulent, Gounfellors and Members, of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, ou the Coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies, be read a Second Time upon this Day Fortnight, the 2 7th Day of this Instant May.

Committee The Order of the Day being read, for taking into on Coinage, further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of the State of the Coinage of Money in this Kingdom, and the Expences incident thereto, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further . Consideration upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 22d Day of this Instant May.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to His MajestyC re ^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to to make consider further of the Bill to enable His Majesty to Peace with conclude a Peace or Truce with the revolted Colonies America. in North America \

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into UPSump a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Duties. charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, payable otherwise than upon Demand.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The other Orders of the Day being read; w*?s

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday and Mcm Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the*Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis, 14* die Maii;

Anno 220 Georgii IIIlii Regis, 1782.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, Supply Bill;

by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Exchqocr the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven lumdred and Eighty-two; and for consolidating certain Annuities which were made One Joint Stock by an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, with certain Annuities consolidated by several Acts, made in the Twenty-sith, Twenty-eighth, Twenty-22 ninth.

Loyne Bridge

near

Lancaster.

Offices and Euplov-mentAi

Supply Bill Exchequer Bills.

Accounts

respectne

Sugar.

Chief Justice of Common Pleas Salary.

22 GEa III. 140

1003

called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Copy of the Patent whereby an additional Salary of £.'1,000 per Annum was granted to Alexander Lord Loughborough, Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, and to the Chief Justice of the Common Pleas for the Time being, to commence from Michaelmas 1780. And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copy was read. Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

ninth. Thirty-first, Thirty-second, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and several lhhsequent Aids.

Ordered, That Mr. Stradiey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for building a new Bridge instead of the present ancient Bridge, commonly called Lanaifler Bridge, at a more convenient Place over the River Loyne, near the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a new Bridge instead of the present ancient Bridge, commonly called Lancaster Bridge, at a more convenient Place over the River Layne> near the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ord presented to the House/fcccording to Order, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify them leives for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Ad millions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admiifions duly stamped; and to give further Tirpe to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door5 he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantities of Raw Sugar imported into England during the last tight Years, viz, from Christmas 1773 to Christmas 1781; dist each Year, with the Amount of the Duties paid thereon: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Raw Sugar exported from England, shewing what Part thereof was sent to Ireland, during the last Eight Years, viz. from Christmas 1773 to ChriJLmaS 1781; distinguishingeach Year, with the Amount of the Drawbacks paid or payable thereon: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Refined Sugar exported from England, shewing what Part thereof was sent to Lreland, during the last Eight Years* viz. from Christmas 1773 to Christmas 1781; distinguishing each Year, with the Amount of the Bounties or Drawbacks paid or payable thereon.

And then lie withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Sugar Refiners of London is referred.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr* felon. Deputy Clerk of the Patents, attended at the Door $ he was Vol. 38.

Mr. Whitbread reported from the Committee, to St. Luke's whom the Bill more effectually to enable the Inhabi- workhouse. tants of the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of ‘ Middlesex, to pnrehafe, hire, or erect a Workhouse within or near the said Parish, for the better Reception and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee, had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl uf for veiling Part of the Estates oiRobert late Earl of Holdemeffe's Holdernefte, deceased, in the County of York, in Truf- ^atcs* tees, fora Term of Years, for raising and Payment of the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, charged by the Will of the said Earl on his said Estates, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Stamp charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Duties Promissory Notes, or other Notes, payable otherwise than upon Demand, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,'One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Rurnbold, Baronet, was gill of Pains presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That and Penalties the Petitioner is informed, that a Bill is depending in Sir the House, for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties T. Rumba df on the Petitioner apd Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of Public Trull, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors, and Members of the SeJeft Committee, of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, qu the Coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies; and aJledging, that the Petitioner will be greatly aggrieved by the said Bill, if the same should pass into a Law: And therefore praying to be heard, by himself or his Counsel, against the said Bill, and that sufficient Time may be allowed him for that Purpose/

11 Z Ordered,

i<x>4

140 Mali. ' x: 1782.

itffhaininz Sir T. RumboIJ, &c. from leaving the Kin^do.d.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perrin*, Esquire, for certain Breaches of Public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whiift they 1 efpefti vely held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors, and Members of the Select Committee, of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in the Fuji Indies, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by himself or Counsel, against the fold Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

The House was moved, That the Order made Yesterday, for the Second Reading of the said Bill upon the 27th Day of this Instant May, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Fortnight, the 3d Day of June next.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do appoint Counsel, learned in the Law, to produce and manage the Evidence at the Bar of this House, on Monday Fortnight, the 3d Day of June next, to make good the Allegations of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for restraiuing Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom, for the Space of One Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; ai^d for discovering the Estate and Eftefts of Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, Peter Perring, and John Whitchill, Esquires, and for preventing the transporting or alienating of the fame, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, to enable Sir Thomas Rumbold, and Mr. Perring to settle certain Sums of Money upon their Children; and is as followeth; viz.

" Provided always, and be it Enacted, nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Sir Thomas Rumbold,

" Baronet, and Peter J*erring, Esquire, oi\ " either of them, to give, advance, transfer,

" lay out, and apply, or otherwise to raise out of, or in any Manner charge upon,

" his Real and Personal Estate, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding, in the " same of the said Sir Thomas Rumbold, the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, and in the " same of the said Peter Perring, the Sum u of Ten thousand Pounds, for the Purpose of making a Provision for all amd every of their or either of their Child or Children, in case of Marriage, or for making " a Provision for promoting their future Advancement in Life, any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise " notwithstanding; and which Provision, or " any Part thereof, shall not in any Manner he affected or defeated by the Recogni- zance so to be entered into by the said Sir Thomas Rumbold and Peter Perring, or , 44 either of them, as is required by this Act."

The said Clause being read a Second Time with Blanks; and the same being filled up;

An Amendment was proposed tobe made to the Clause by leaving out the Wordste or for making a Provision for (t promoting their future Advancement in Life."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

' Then the said Clause, so amended, was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder; and is as followeth; viz.

c Provided always, and be it Enabled, never-

Then proposed Pr. 2.

Pr. 3.

1. 18.

33-I.18. 1. 28.

Pr. 4.

Pr. 5. Pr. 6.

Pr. 7. P| -13

Pr. ifr Pr. 17. Pr. 18 Pr. i<j

44 theless, That it Audi and may be lawful to and for the said Sir Thomas Rumbold, <c Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, " or either of them, to give, advance, transfer, lay out, and apply, or otherwise to "raise out of, or in any Manner charge upon, his Real and Personal Estate, or any " Part or Parts thereof respectively, any " Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding, " in the same of the said Sir Thomas Rum-4< bold, the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, 44 and in the same of the said Peter Perring, 44 the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, for the Purpose of making a Provision for all and " every of their or either of their Child or tc Children, in case of Marriage, any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and which " Provision, or any Part thereof, shall not <£ in any Manner be affected or defeated by the Recognizance so to be entered " into by the said Sir Thomas Rumbold and 4< Peter Perring, or either of them, as is " required by this Act." the Amendments following were severally to be made to the Bill; viz.

1. 1. After Baronet" to insert "and." To leave out44One" and insert "Two" instead thereof.

To leave out " Five."

After " into" to insert such."

To leave out " End of the said Year, " to be computed as aforesaid," and insert 44 said First Day of " February, which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three" instead thereof.

After44 Recognizances"to inferl<4 with " Sureties."

After " Issue" to insert " his or."

To leave out One" and insert "Two" instead thereof.

To leave out "and" and'insert "or" instead thereof.

i.9o]To leave out " and every of them."

L 12. To leave out " and", and insert41 or" instead..thenepfL After " Commons", to insert " to be by iijm forthwith laid before the " House of Commons."

To leave out shall " and, insert should" instead thereof.

To leave out44 Five."

To leave out4< Estate or," and at the Beginning of the next Line to in-, ;.fert44 or Eftefts."

To leave out44 during the Time aforesaid," and insert44 before the said First Day of February, which " shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three" instead thereof. \.ult. ;To jeaye out44 Pne other Baron," and at the Beginning of the next Line to insert "Barons."

1. 25. To leave out disclosed or."

I.26. After "or" to insert " not disclosed on."

To leave out and for the Use." After Persons" to insert resident in India."

After Exchequer" to insert44 there " to remain lor the future Dispofi- tion of Parliament, and."

To leave out from aforesaid" to any" in 1. 28.

4Pr. 19.

1-34-

1.38.

1. 31.

I.26.

1.24.

j.

1.

1.4.

1.1 u

1.14.

1.4.

1.14.

i- 23.

12

22 Geo. III.

13.0 Mail.

1005

1.

3>

After " of " to iufert " as such;" and at the End of the Bill to add " without specially pleading the " fame."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That, the Bill do pass;

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

The Lord Advocate Scotland,

Mr. Frederick Montagu

:i

82.

}<*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative; and that the Title be, An Act for retraining Sir Thomas R umbo Id, Baronet, and Peter Perrin*?, Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom for a limited Time; and for discovering their Estates and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the fame.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill of Pains A Pet i tion of Peter Perring, late of Fort Saint George,

and. Madras, Esquire, was p re fen ted to the House, and read;

Sboldr Setting forth. That the Petitioner is informed, that a fcc. ' Bill is depending in the House, for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on the Petitioner and Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, for certain Bi caches of Public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Gover-nor and President, Counsellors, and Members of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies; and alledging, that the Petitioner is very unjultly charged with the said Breaches of Trust, High Crimes and Misdemeanors, and will be very unjustly and heavily aggrieved by such Pains and Penalties, if the said Bill should pass into a Law; and that the Petitioner is fully able to establish his Innocence; and therefore praying, That the House will take his same into their Consideration, and permit him to make his Defence, and to be fully heard, by himself or his Counsel, against the Bill, and the several Charges contained therein, and that sufficient Time wifi be allowed him for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by himself or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ditto. Another Petition of Peter Perring, late of Fort Saint

George, Madras, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill mentioned in the last preceding Petition; and felting forth, That the several Charges contained in the said Bill, so far as the same relate to or affect the Petitioner, are unjust and groundless, as the Petitioner doubts not to prove to the 'Satisfaction of the House; and that the Petitioner is informed, that the said Bill contains many Charges against the said Sir Thomas Rumbold, for various Offences in which the said Bill doth not and could not with Truth alledge that the Petitioner was in any Manner concerned; and that the said Bill doth not, and confidently with Truth could not, impute to the Petitioner, that he has marie, either by the Means of the Conduct charged against him in the Bill, or other wise, any undue or improper Gains or Emoluments during his Residence in India \ and that the Petitioner apprehends, that the same dated against him in the said Bill, differing so materially, both in the Number and Nature of the Offences therein laid to the Petitioner's Charge, from the same therein dated against the said Sir Thomas Rumbold, ought to have been made the Subject of a separate Bill; that the Attempt to punilli both by the same Bill will be extremely injurious to the Petitioner, as it tends to destroy the Distinction between the very different Offences Vol. 38.

Countess of

Oxford's

E:lates.

with which the said Sir Thomas Rumbold and the Petitioner are charged, to weaken the Effefl of the Evidence uliich the Petitioner hath to lay before the House in Support of his Innocence, bj confounding it with the Testimony which may be adduced by Sir Thomas Rumbold, and, that it endangers the Safety of the Petitioner, by exposing him to tlieSufpicion of more Guilt than the Bill imputes to him: And therefore praying, That the House, if it shall think fit to hear the Charges so made against the Petitioner, will either direct that the same shall be made the Subject of a separate Bill, or will, by hearing the Evidence against the Petitioner, and the Petitioner's Defence, separately and distinctfrom such Proof as shall be given against the said Sir Thomas Rum-bold, and such Defence as he shall think proper to fub-mit to the House, or in some other Manner, effectually provide, that the Petitioner shall not be prejudiced by being included in the aforesaid Bill; and that he may be heaid, by his Counsel, touching the Matters aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Iloford and Mr.

Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act N^wcallle to revive and continue an Act, passed in the Sixth Year alld Sunder-of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to regalate the Loading of Ships with Coals in the " Ports of Newcastle and SunderlaJid;" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for , veiling the Freeholds and Inheritance in Fee of Part of the Estates heretofore of the Right honourable Henrietta Cavendish Holies, Couness of Oxford and Countess Mortimer, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell and dispose of so much thereof as may be sufficient to pay off and discharge the Debts, Legacies, and other remaining Incumbrances assessing the Whole of the Estates late of her the said Countefe, which were devised by her Will, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Commission-Session of Parliament, intituled,i( An Act for continu- ers of Pubiip " ing and amending an Act, made in the last Session of Accounts*

" Parliament, intituled " An Act for appointing and " enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and date,

" the Public Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report " what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants,

" which may be applied to the Public Service; anji " what Defects there are in the present Mode of receiy-" ing, collecting, issuing, and accounting for, Public " Money; and in what more expeditious and effectual,

" and less expensive Manner, the said Services can in " future be regulated and carried on for the Benefit of " the Public," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to " examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the " Kingdom; and to report what Balances are in the " Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the <c Public Service; and what Defects there are in the " present Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and <c accounting for, Public Money; and in what more ex-cr peditious and effectual, and less expensive Maimer,

" the said Services can in future be regulated and carried on for the Benefit of the Public And that Lord

John Cavendish, Colonel Barr*, Mr. Frederick Montagu, and Mr. Hujfey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee, to fjoheb's whom the Petition of Samuel Hoheb, was referred; That Lortes by the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Capture©/

Petition; St- Euftati.*.

1

ioo6

14 — 150 Man. 1782.

Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

The said Report is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Capture, kc. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to of Saint His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give u tatius. DiseQ,jons that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Orders and Instructions, as also of all Correspondence, relative to the Capture, Confiscation, and Disposition of Property, in the Island of Saint Eaflatiiis.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

The other Orders of the Dfcy being read;

East India Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning,

Affairs, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Reports which have been made from the Committees of Secrecy, appointed in the lad and this present Session of Parliament, relating to the Affairs of the East India Company.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-

Salt Duties, ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Salt, and certain Duties upon Glauber or Epsom Salts, and other Medicinal Salt, and also on Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, made from Salt; and to prevent Frauds in the Duties on Foul Salt, to be used in manuring of Land.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii) 150 die Maii;

Anno 22* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

' Contn«». TV/I R- John Townshend, from the Commissioners for held by JltA executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Member*. Great Britain, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " Navy Office, 30th April 1782, " Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of ITis Majesty's Navy to Philip Stephens, Esquire, Secretary " of the Admiralty, supplying a Defect in the Lift of €€ Contracts made by them for the Public Service, with " any of the Members of the Honourable House of Commons; which Lift was presented to that House; " on the 16th of the said Month And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Navy Office, ift May 1782, " Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of His Majesty VNavy to Philip Stephens, Esquire, Secretary " of the Admiralty, supplying a Defect in the Lift " of Contrails made by them for the Public Service " with any of the Members of the Honourable House " of Commons; which Lift was presented to that <c House on the 16th of last Month."

And the Titles of the said Papers were read. Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for charging a Stamp Duty upon jkmipDuties. Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, payable otherwise than upon Demand, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, payable otherwise than upon Demand*

22

Ordered, That Mr. Strachey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans Supply Bill; or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year Onfs ExSf(lucr thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, was read a ' Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted Offices and to quality themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnity Justices of the Peace, or others, who have u' omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for givingfurther Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stampedand to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House being informed that Mr. Lemon, from the Sir P.

Rolls Chapel, attended at tlje Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to a r)‘ their Order,

Copy of Letters latent to Sir Philip Yorke, Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench, beiifcg a Grant of An additional Salary of £.2,000 a Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrbffed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pitt's for confirming, and carrying into Execution, certain Agreeincn*. Agreements entered into by John Pitt, Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests, with Benjamin Planner, and others, relating to certain Waste Lands, and other Lands, in the Parish of Egham, in the County of Surrey, and for veiling the same in the said John Pitt, and his Heirs, in Trust for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to effectuate the other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Morton Pitt, the Earl of Surrey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir George ILrcvard do carry to the Mraimat Ix>rds the ingrossed Bill for restrainingSir Thomas Rum- J-Rufflr bold, Baronet, and Peter Pern7i*, Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom, for a limited Time; and for difeo- the Kingdom, vering their Estates and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the fame; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

' An ingrossed Bill more effectually to enable the Inha- St.Luke's bitants of the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Workhouk Middlefe.t, to purchase, hire, or erect a Workhouse

' within

fop

uli

4

[>1y Bill; Duties.

Scotch M ilitia.

Appleby. cc. Road.

tfhitcparish be. Roads.

Honley

Vnclosure.

2 2 Geo. III. 15"

within or near the said Parish, for the better Reception an«l Employment of the Poor of the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act more effectually to enable the Inhabitants of the Purith of Saint Luke, in the County of to pnrehafe, hire, or erect a Workhouse within or near the said Parish, for the better Reception and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitbread do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to refulve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional fiulies upon Salt, and certain Duties upon Glauber or Epfum Salts, and other Medicinal Salt, and also on Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, made from Salt; and to prevent Frauds in the Duties on Foul Salt, to be used in manuring of Land, be now read. v

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they ltad gone through the Bill, and made fetertd Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'eto receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in that Part of Great Britian called Scotland: And that the Marquis of Graham, the Lord Maitland, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. John Campbell, and Mr. do prepare, and

bring iu, the fame.

A Messagefrora the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr/ Fames: .

Mr. Speaker, 1.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in theiFirff Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and'widening the Road " from the Borough of Appleby, in the County of Wefanorland, through the Township. of Orton, to Kirby "Kendall, and from Orton to the Turnpike Road near ": Skapp, and from Highga'te, near Tebay, in a Part of " the Highway between Appleby and Kirby Kendall, "/through the Town of Kirby Stcv'en, to the Town of ".Market Brough, in the said County;" without any Amendment: AWdelfo,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,' An Act to-continue the Term and alter the Powers of an Act, mgde.in the Twenty-nibtb Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Georgeti\e Second^ intituled, "An Act ifor repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Pond belonging to Henry Eyre; Esquire, in the Parish ,* of White Parish, \n thelGounty of Wilts, to the Top"

of Dumvood Hill, and from thence, over Great Bridge " and Middle Bridge, through Rkmjey Infra, to HuAdred Bridge, in the County of Southampton, and firbm " thence to the County of the Torni of without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, lAn Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Honlcy, in the Parish of Almon in the County of York, and for abolilliing or settling certain other Rights or Claims within the said Manor; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act (Or further continuing an Act, made in the Twentieth A ot. 3.S.: >

1 Mali. 1007

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty) intituled, "An Act for exempting the City of Winchester, the " County of Southampton, the Town of,

" and the County of Salop, out of the Provisions of ail " Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his " late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,"An Act for regidating the Quartering of Soldiers during " the Time of the Elections of Members to serve in " Parliament," so far as the fa'me relates to the Removal of Troops during the Elections of Members to " serve in Parliament, for a limited Timewithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an additional Duty upon Tobacco and Snuff; and for repealing certain Duties payable upon the Importat ion of Brandy and Arrack, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing the Importation of Goods of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the Islands of Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Montserrat, into any Ports of His Majesty's Dominions in' Europe or America, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties; without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Trustees for'Sale of Part of the settled Estates of John Newnham, Esquire, in the Counties of Huntingdon, Middlesex, and Sussex, and in the Cities of London and Canterbury, to make an Indemnity to the Purchasers of certain Parts thereof, against the perpetual Annual Sums or Yearly Payments to which such Parts are liable; to which the Lords deflre the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of an Annual Fee Farm Rent of One hundred Pounds, payable to the See of Ely out of certain Estates in and near Hatton'Gardin the County, of

Middlesex, and for applying the Money to arise froth such Sale in Manner therein mentioned; to which tile Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. ‘ ‘ And then the Messengers withdrew. ,;

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of an Annual Fee Farm Rent. of Orie tihncfred Pounds, payable to the See of Ely out of certain Elrafed in and near Hatton Garden ,in ttte County of Middlesex, and for applying the Money, to arise from fufch Sale in Manner therein mentioned,' was read the First Time. , Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tin^. y

A Bill for the Improvement of Portman StjiiardJYa the County of Middlesex, was read a 'SecondTime.' '

Resolved, That the Bill becommitied to Mr. Gfex)illet Mr. Pmoys, &c.: And they pre to m^etthisAftern'Obn,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's (phambeL 1 r '1

Ordered, That the Order of the Dhy, for taking fht6‘'

further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for tjieietter Relief and Employment of the Poor'whs're-cqmfoffted, be now read. ! ' 11 '

Aticj the said Order beros^read Accordingly; .

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration To-morrow1, at Twelve^dfthe Clock.

Ordered, That the Order of the Elay, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee Of the whole House, to consider further of the several Reports which hare been made from the Committees of Secrecy, appointed in the last and this present Session. of Parliament, relating to the Affairs of the East India Company, be now read. "

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

i2 A Mr.

(Quartering

Soldiers du* ring Elec* tiODI*

Supply Bill| Duties on T obacc6, &c.

Importatijn of Goods from St. Christopher'f ice.

Newnham's

Estates.

Ely Estatei in flolbora*

Ditto.

Portman Square Im-1 rprovement*

Poor Relief ind Employment.

East India Affair*.

0

Cr'tddade

Election.

Foreign

Corn.

Wkys and Means.

s"w'y-

I008

Mail

A. 1782.

Mr. Speaker left: the Chair.

Sir George Hoioard took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

vc George Howard reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir George Howard also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the ComipUtee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

1lefolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Reports.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguijli and Mr. Fames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment.

And then the Meffeiigers withdrew.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several principal Corn Factors, on Behalf of^themselves and others; and also the Petition of Robert Wilson> of the City of London, Corn Factor, were severally referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bramfion took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bramfion reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to makea Motion, wheq the House wijl please tp receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bramfion accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Comrqi^tee to move the House, that leave /given to bring ip a Sill to rejeafe from under the King's, Locl^s certain Quantities of Foreign Wheat, Peas, aq^ Oats, imported into the Port of London, and to enable the proprietors thereof* to enter( ihq same for Hqiqq Consumption, qpon Payment of the Low Duties.

And Mr! Bramfion moved the House accordingly.

QrdfrediThat I^ave be given tq, bring;in a Bid to release^ from under thq King's Looks certain, Quantities o^ Foreign, Whea^ Peas, and Oats., imported into ihc Fort of London, aucf to ep^ble the Proprietors thereof to enter the fame, for Hqhjie Confuiqption, upon Payment of the Low Duties: And that Mr. Bramfion, tyrt Sibtjwrjfo a^d Mrt Strufo (^prepare, andibrjngm, ih<eTame.'‘‘

The.ot^ei; Orders of the Day being read;

ResolveP, That this House will, upon ^Friday Morning n,ext, refolye itself, into ja Cowfthtee pi the whole Hdufe? to consider further ,of Ways and A^eaps for raising the Sugply^gr^nte^ to jH\s MajestyT:

Resolved, That this, House will, , upon, Friday Morning next^ resplve,‘itself into a ^mmittee of the whole, House, toconfifjerfurthpr.of the Sppply granted io-His Majesty.

And then the Hqufe adjpumed, ,till Tp-jiponw Morning, Teh of the Clock.

Jovts, 160 die Maii;

Anno 22* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

MR. Thomas Pelham reported from the Committee, FlimweH to whom the Petition of the several Per fons whose v^nt' Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees for putting 08 in Execution an Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening of the Road leading from Flimxvell Vent, in the Parish of Ticehurjt, in the County of Suffer, to and through a certain Place or Street called Highgate, in the Parish of Hawkhurfi, in the County of Kent, and from thence through the Parishes of Sandhurfi and Newenden, in the said County of Kent, and through the Parish and Village or Street of Northiam, and Parishes of Beckly, Pcafmarsh, Rye, and Playden, to the Town of Rye, in the said County of Sussex, and from *Highgate aforesaid to a certain Place called Cooper's Corner, in the Parish of Salehurjt, in the said County of Suffer, and from Highgate aforesaid to a certain Place called Tubb's Lake, in the Parish of Cranbrook, 111 the said County of Kent, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Order? of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the fairi6 was read; arid is asfolkxweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; And

Mr. John Woollett informed Your Committee; That ‘ the Trustees have proceeded to put the same in Execution, except with respectto the Road from Highgate to Tubb's Lake, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Toflfc, Which have been duly applied — That the Roads already amended cannot be kept itk Repair, nor the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, the Powers thereof varied, and-some additional Tolls granted. 1"

Ordered, That Leave be given-to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Second Yearmf the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing arid" widening-the Road from FlimwellVent, in the Couatoy1' of Suffix, through Highgate, in the County of Kent, and :the Parishes of SandJiurfi, Newenden,&nd Northiam, ‘ to Rye, in the said County of Sussex, and from. Highgate aforesaid to Cooper's Corner, in the said County of Suffer, and to Tubb's Lake, in the said County ofATerri, as relates ta the Road from Highgate to Tubb's^ Lakey and for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act' > with respect to the other Roads therein contained: And that Mr. Thomas Pelham^ Lord George Lenox, and Mt. Marsham, do prepare; and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Commiltee, td whom w hMirfc the Bdl to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Eleventh Years of Hisprri- % sent Majesty's Reign, so far as the same relate to the/'

Road from Blyth Marfk to the Road leading from AJk-born to Buxton near Thorp, and from the Road between Cheadle and Leek to the Turnpike Road above Ftogall Bridge, and from the same Road to the Road at or near RuehilL Gate, in the Counties of Stafford and Derby^was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bi 11, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in 22 his

4

22 Geo. III.

16° Mail.

1009

his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments* in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questiou federally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ingrossed.

Stanton Saint Mr. Penruddock reported from the Committee, to Imfofure 'V^ortl *he Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Stanton Saint Quintin, in the (bounty of Wills, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except some Persons, being Leaseholders for Lives, whose Property together amounts to the Annual Value of £. 141; and that the whole Annual Value of the Lands within the Parish amounts to 816.9 s.-, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill;) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, atld made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several 6f them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House; and federal Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with tile Amendments, be ingrossed.

Eastjngton Mr. Blackxvell reported from the Committee, to iflcltriure. whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pasturesr and Common Downs, in the Hamlet or Ty thing of Eafiington, otherwise Northleach For-reign, in the Manor of Eafiington, and Parish of Norlh-leach, in the County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, andtnade several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed Jiitri to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, With the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Ta-bI6: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Pid3mgtofi ‘ Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com-and Hackle, in ft tee to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inton IncU- cloffng the Open and Common Fields, Common Paf-tuFefsj Gonimon Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manors and Liberties of Piddington and Hackle ton, in the Parish of ' Piddington, in the County of Northampton, is committed;

Supply still; Ordered That the Order of the Day, for the House, Exchequer to fefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, EM* upon the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Vol. 38.

Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr, Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That thpy had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report* when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the.House to resolve. itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^Pl°*v‘ upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have emitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments* and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted toreglfter or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those rqrposes; and to indemnity Mfembers and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been ^milted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been fiamped4* . have been loft or rpiflaid, and for allowing them Time . to provide Admissions duly stamped; ana to, give fur.-, . ther Time to such Persons as have omitted to tpafe and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Atlornies and Solicitors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;. J;.

T^he House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. r , .

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. ( t

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That tbqy had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend* ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. v

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Salts used in Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties ,upon Salt, and certain Duties upon Glauber or: Epforrt Salts, and other Medicinal Salt, and also on Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, made from Salt; and to prevent Frauds in the Duties on Foul^ Salt, to be used iq manuring of Land^ was committed; the Amendment^ which the Committee had made to ktJbe fiijl, and jyhicjv they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report inhis. Placeand afterwards deljver<eii the Bill., with the Amendmep]ts# ip at the Clerk's Table: T Where the Amendments were Once read throughout^ and then a Second time, One by One; and, upon the Question severalry put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. r.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be . ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into p*>r Jtdftf further Consideration the Report which was made E,npl©>-from the Committee, to whoiq the Bill for the better < pient* Relief and Employment of the Poor was re-committed'; , . ..... :i‘A

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,.

That the said Bill be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be now take® further Consideration. ( r

The House accordingly proceeded to take thfrfovi.-i Report into further Consideration. 4,: f ? awti;

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to* the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were,

upon

IOIO

Dukeof

YlcRtaffle's

Estatet.

Milieu Fine*.

Laws respectng Debtors and Creditors in Scotland.

East India Aifuirj.

Forcira

FoqUm.

*c,

hfonufac-

Krei,

i6° — 17* Maii. A. 1782.

upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and.

Mr. Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees a competent Part of the settled Estates of the Most Noble Henry Duke of in the Parishes of Saint Clement Danes and Saint. Giles

in the Fields, for the Purpose of raising, on Mortgage or otherwise, such Sums of Money as shall be found expedient to be raised and applied for making and opening a new Street therein mentioned, from the East End of the New Church in the Strand to the South End of Stanltope Street, and for defraying all necessary Colls, Charges, and Expetices attending the fame; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into " One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in " being relating to the raising and training the Militia " within that Part of Great Britain called England," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend so much of the said Act as relates to Persons refusing or neglecting to serve in the Militia, and paying the Sum of Ten Pounds, being liable to serve again at the Expiration of Three Years: And that Mr. Thomas Pelham, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Philip Jennings Clerke, and Mr. Shane, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

ciously destroying any Woollen, Silk, Linen, or Cotton

Goods, or any implements prepared for, or used in, the Manufacture thereof; and for repealing so much of Two Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of King George the First, and in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Punishment of Persons destroying any Woollen or Silk Manufactures, or any Implements prepared for, or used therein.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Bill to night, resolve itself intd a Committee of the whole His Majestr House, to consider further of the Bill to enable His Majesty to conclude a Peace or Truce with the revolted ,jca. Colonies in North America.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Venerts, 170 die;

Anno 22* Georgii III111 Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Counters of for veiling the Freeholds and Inheritance in Fee Oxford* of Part of the Estates heretofore of the Right honour- ^alC1-able Henrietta Cavendish Holies, Countess of Oxford

and Countess Mortimer, deceased, in Trustees, in Trull, to sell and dispose of so much thereof as may be fuflicierit to pay off and discharge the Debts, Legacies, and other remaining Incumbrances affecting the Whole of the Estates late of her the said Countefe, which were devised by her Will, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for, regulating the Execution of the Law, and An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dukeof for rendering the Paymbnt of Creditors more equal and for vesting in Trustees a competent Part of the settled expeditious in certain Cafes of Insolvency in that Part . Estates of the Most Noble Henry Duke of Newcastle, , te*' of Great Britain called Scotland, was read a Second in the Parishes of Clement Danes and Saint Giles Time. in the'Fifor the Purpose of raising, on Mortgage Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hunter or otherwise, such Sums of Money as shall be found Blair, Sir Adam Fergnffun, See.: And they are to meet expedient to be raised and applied for making and this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's opening a new Street therein mentioned, from, the East Chamber. ' ' . End of the New Church in the to the South

End of Stanhope Street, and for defraying all necessary Sir George Ilorbard, according to Order, reported Colls, Charges, and Expences attending the fame, from the Committee of the whole House, 'to whom it was read the First Time.

was referred to consider further of the several Reports Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, which hdVe been made from the Committees of Secrecy,

appointed in the fall'and this present Session of Parlia-: An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act N»wnh»n.*i

ment, relating to1 the Affairs of the East India Com- for enabling the Trustees for Sale of Part of the settled Estate*-pany, the ‘Resolutions which the Committee had , Estates of John Nezcnham, Esquire, in the Co untie? of , directed him to report to the House; Which he read in Huntingdon, r, and Suffer, and, in the Cities

his Place; atad afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's of London and Canterbury, to make an Indemnity to Taflbrle.: -r the purchasers of certain Parts thereof, against the

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Conli- perpetual Annual Sums or Yearly Payments to which deration Tomorrow Morning. such Parts are liable, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.,

Mr. Sibthorp prefen ted to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to reteafe from under the King's Locks Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Castle Rifirj certain Quantities 6f'Foreign Wheat, Peas, and Oats, the Clerk of I he Crown, to make out a new Writ for the New Writ, imported into the Port of London, and to enable the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament Proprietors thereof to -enter the same for Home Con- fortlie Roranghot Castle Rising, in the Countvof Norfolk, fumption, upon Payment of the low Duties: And the in the room of Talbot, Esquir?, now

faehC was received; and read the First Time. Lord Talbot, called up to the House of Peers.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Woolleo, The )Othei* Orders of the Day being read; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, *c.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- upon the Bill for punishing Persons wilfully and maii- Minufac-ln£, resolve itself intoa Committee of the whole House, ciously dellroying any Woollen, Silk, Linen, or Cotton ure*' upon the Bill for punishing Persons wilfully and maii- Goods, or any Implements prepared for, or used in, ot y. . ' ' the,

IOII

i Geo. III. 17° Mali.

the Manufacture thereof; and for repealing so much of Two A As, made in the Twelfth Year of King George the First, and in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Punishment of Per so ns destroying an/ Woollen or Silk Manufactures, or any Implements prepared for, or used therein, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

; Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stanley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Supply Bill; Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Exchequer' Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Bills. railing a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

°ifCC^,nd Mr- Ord, according to Order, reported from the mrouu" Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify them-felveB for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or mif-laid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admis-fions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had riirected him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, Orfe by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Cweon M r. Knight ley reported from the Committee, to whom

Inrbfure. t))e gjj for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Great Creaton, in the County of Northampton, and the Hamlet of Little Creaton, in

the Parish of Spralton, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confept to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Half a Yard Land, and One

Vgjl 38.

Third of a Cottage Common; and that the Property intended to be inclosed consists of Twenty-eight Yard Lands and Three Quarters, and there are Seven Cottage Commons; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to opposethe Bill;) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments hereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire Navigable into, and consider of, the Limits of the Navigable Ri- Riven in vers and Firths in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. Scotland; and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Dempfer,

Mr. Pulteney, the Lord Maitland, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Hunter Blair, Mr. Ord, Mr. Gilbert, Mr.

Smith, the Lord Mahon, Mr. Coke, Mr. Sir Tho-

mas Clavering, Mr. Hartley, Mr. Burke, the Earl of Surrey, Mr. Marsham, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Byng, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Henry Hoghton, Mr. Strachey, Mr. Baker; and

all the Members who serve for North Britain, and for the Counties of York, Westmoreland, Cumberland, caster, Northumberland, Durham, Nottingham, and coln-, and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet upon Wednesday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Royal A feat Commission for declaring TTs Royal Assent to several 10 BUI*-A As agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the Hoafe, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers; where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord President of the Council, and the Lord Ashburton, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare anci notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting an additional Duty upon Tobacco and Snuff; and for repealing certain Duties payable upon the Importation of Brandy and Arrack, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof

An Act for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Crichlade, in the county of:

An Act for allowing the Importation of Goods, of the Grow th, Produce, or Manufacture of the Islands of Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Montserrat, into any Ports of His Majesty's Dominions in Europe or America, upon Payment of the Brilijli Plantation Duties:

12 B An

1012

170 Mail. A. 1782-

An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Tweirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, u An Act for exempting the City of " chester, the County of Sthe Town of

Shreusbury, and the County of Salop, out of the Provisions of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the " Reign of his late Majesty King the ^eoond,

intituled, " AivAft for regulating the Quartering of " Sohhers during the Time of the Elections of Membars to lerve in Parliament," so far as the same relates " to^the Removal of Troops during the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, for a limited Time:*' An Act for building a Stone Bridge cross the River of Thames, from the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore in the Hamlet of Kew, in the County of Surrey:

An Act to revive and continue an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Loading of Ships with " Coals in the Ports of NezoeajU and Sunderland An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Parishes of Benthall,

Madeley, Barrotd, Unley, Willey, Little Wenlock, and Daivley, and an extra-parochial Place called Pofualt, in tlte County of Salop:

An Act for making a Passage for Carriages from Spital Fields to BiJhhopsgate Street,\n the County of Mid-

dlesex, and for paving the fame, and for appropriating to those Purposes the Money arisen by virtue of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for applying the Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, to arise out of the Orphans Fund, for making such Passage:

An Act for amending the Pavement in, and for lighting Ibiue of tlte Streets, Lanes, Ways, and 1*1aces in, the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, in Westminster, which are at present excluded

from the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " amend and render more effectual several Acts made " relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares,

" Streets, Lanes, and ot her Places within the City and " Liberty of Westminster, p.„'l Parts adjacent j" and for

preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in or near the fame; and for making an Opening from Orchard Street, and widening some Part of Wood and of Little

Peter Street:

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Barnhill, in the County of Chester:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Tarporlcy, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Acton Bridge, near Weverham, in the same County:

An Act for enlarging the Term and' Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the High Road leading from AJliborne, in the County of Derby, to the " Town of Leek, in the County of and from

ByecroftGale, upon Rushton to Congleton, in

" the County of Chester, and also the Road leading " from BlythMarsh, in the County through

" Cheadle, Oakamoor, and Bio re, to the Turnpike Road " from A/hbonie to Buxton, near Thorp, in the County of " Derby," as relates to the District of Road between Ashborneand Congleton;and for repairing the Road from the End of AJliborne Church Yard to the Top of The Dig Street, in AJliborneaforesaid:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from the Tow n of Brecon to the Parish of Brobury, and to Whitney Pajjiige, in the County f Hereford, and for building

a Bridge over the River Wye, at Bredwardine Passage, in the same County, so far as relates to such of the Roads comprized in the said Act as lie in the County of Hereford:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Wet, thill, in the County of Southampton, to tlw

Turnpike Road at Lyde Way, in the county of : '

An Act to continue the Term and alter the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Roads leading from a Pond belonging to Henry " Eyre, Esquire, in the Parish of White Parish, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Duntoo d Hill, and " from thence, over Great Bridge and Middle,

" through liomfey Infra, to Hundred , in the County of Southampton, ami from thence to the " County of the Town of Southampton

An Act; for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Y'ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Road from the Borough of Appleby, ifi the County " of Westmoreland, through the Township of Orton, to

" Kirby Kendall, and from Orton to the Turnpike Road M near Shaprp, and from Highgate, near Tebay, in a Part'

" of the Highway between Appleby and Kirby Kendall,

" through the Town of Kirby Steven, to the Town of " Market Brough, in the said County

An Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Hertford, late the Estate of /cuts Lord MonJ'on, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold and difppfed of, in and for the Payment of his Debts, and certain of the Legacies and Portions given by his Will and Codicil, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor oiHonley, in the Parish of Almondbury, in the County of ( York, and forabolifliing or settling certain other Rights or Claims within the said Manor, >

A Petition of the Planters of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies, and Merchants trading thereto, whose Names °* are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and their absent. Brethren, was presented to the House, and' read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are greatly alarmed, by observing, in the Yrotes, that the Sugar Refiners of London have again applied to Parliament, not only renewing their Prayer of the last Session of Parliament, for Leave to import Prize Sugars at Plan-

tation Duty, but extending it to the Ad million of all Sugars indiscriminately in Neutral Vessels from Neutral Places at the same Duty; and that after the full Confix deration which their Prayer underwent in the last Session of Parliament, and the Protection then given by the House to the Rights of the Petitioners, they conli*. dently trust the House will not now admit a Propofitioti which goes to Consequencesmuch more pernicious that* that which was in the last Session rejected, whilst no new Failure of Supply can be Ihevvn Efficient tojuftily such a total Overturning of the whole Svftem of Laws, upon which the Cultivation of the Sugar Colonies

depends; and that the Petitioners have most cheerfully acquiesced with the Principle of the Bill lately passed, whereby their late Fellow Subjects in Saint V*

Montfernit, and Nevis, will be hill entitled to import the Produce of their Estates at British Plantation Duty, the Conquest of those lllands will not therefore tend, as the Petitioners conceive, to dimiiiilh the Supply, whilst there is the greatest Reason to expect that the Importation from the other lllands in the present Year must be much greater than it waslall Year, because the Hurricane with which they were visited in the Month o f October 1780, had laid waste large and cultivated Parts thereof, which produced little or nothing in the Year 1781, but are now so far recovered from that Calamity, that their Produce in the Year 1782 will be very considerable; and that notwithstanding so great

irtatio*

ugars.

Ditto*

ai Geo. III. in'Mali. 1013

and strikinsf aCftbfe of ftiort, Importation in ihe Year §781, the Petitioners apprehend, it has not so far fallen llicrt of that of the preceding Year, as to warrant the jerreat Innovation prayedfor, and that even the present high Price of Sugar is by no Means disproportionate to the enormous Expence at which it is now cultivated and brought to England, and to the very heavy additional Duty laid thereon; for the Insurance from Jamaica, with the Freight, Duty, and Charges of Sale in England, do at present actually amount to much more than the Average Price at which the Sugars of that Hland used to fcdl in Time of Peace; and that out of what may, after this hnmenfe Deduction, remain to the Planter of the Price his Sugar fells for, he has to pay Prices for every Articleconfumed in the Cultivation and Manufactare thereof in the West Indies, and Taxes thfere aggravated beyond those of a Peace Establishment, i'A a Proportion «.t lead equal to the great Increase in the Charges of Conveyance to Market herein stated; and that whilst British Subjects have the foie Supply of Sugar for Consumption, although an increased Price may in some Cales bear hard upon Individuals, yet the Public is uot" in jured, as the whole Price centers in Britain; but very different, as the Petitioners conceive, would the same Hand in a National View, if even an inferior Price were paid for Sugars of foreign Produce, as the whole Price so paid would be totally and for ever loft to this Kingdom: And the Petitioners therefore beg Leave to repeat their Hope, That the Proposition now made will, like the preceding one, be deemed wholly inadmissible, and their Prayer that, if otherwise, the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, and, if necessary, be allowed to examine Witnesses, to shew to the House the ruinous Consequences that mull ensue from granting the Prayer of the fakl Petition.

A Petition of Stephen Fuller, Esquire, Agent for Jamaica, was also presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application mentioned in the* preceding Petition; and representing to the House, That at a Time when this Nation is involved in an unhappy Confeft with its own Subjects, and at open War with Three great Maritime Powers; when the Price of Freight and Premium of Insurance is greatly enhanced; when Lumber, Provisions, and all Plantation Ltenfilsj bear an advanced Price; when the Taxes of the Bland are exceedingly increased; when a heavy additional Duty has been laid upon the Importation of British Plantation Sugar; at a Time when so many Circum-llances united contribute to increase the Price of Sugar, and without which Increase the poor and middling Planter cannot go on, at this very Time to pull down the whole System of our Commercial Laws, erected by the Wisdom of our Ancestors, and to set up in its Stead an arbitrary and unnatural Innovation, calculated to build up a small Number of Manufacturers upon the Ruin of many (for the Planters are Manufacturers as well as the Refiners): and Hill more expressly and avowedly calculated to moderate, that is, to lower, the natural Price of a Commodity which so many Causes, not under the Controul of either Planter or Merchant, conspire to raise higher than it has been in former Wars, is nnreasonable and unjust, and, as every Thing that tends to discourage our own Sugar Colonies at the same Time naturally tends to encourage those of our Enemies, it is evidently impolitic; and alledging, that if Sugars are permitted to be imported in Neutral Vessels, and from Neutral Places, the Door is wide opened for the Sugars of the whole World, for those of our Enemies as well as those of the Neutral Powers; in confe-quer.ee of which the French Sugar, which are for the most Fart greatly superior in Strength and Colour, and eoinequently inolhulvantageoiisto the Refiner.will take Place at Market of f lic British Plantation Sugars, parti-

cularly those of Jamaica, whereby the Sure of them will he clogged and retarded, and in some Cafes totally prevented, unlessat a very inferior Price for Exportation, to the great and mauifeft Injury of the Planter,

V OL. 38.

And Inconvenience of the Merchant, who has paid the enormous Dutydown, and probably accepted Bills to the Value of them, and mud at last look out for a foreign Market, compelled thereto by the Operation of this unnatural and unwarranted Proposition; and the Petitioner conceives, that one of the Objects held forth by the Refihers, viz.that of the encouraging the Trade of this

Kingdom, will never be accotnpliftied by opening your Markets to your Enemies, and by fending ydUr Money into their Louhtry, never to return in Exchange for rival Commodities, thereby giving an unnatural Encouragement to the Production of their Colonies, nor by any other Method but that of a rational and permanent System of Encouragement to the Agriculture and Commerce of youf own Colonies, and iucreasing, byevery possible Means, the Production of aComihodity foeflential to the Commerce and the Revenue of this Kingdom; and that any other Methods of moderating the Price of Sbgars, particularly those in Question, will turn out iti the Find ruinous to the Planter, and productive of Effects totally different from those held out upon this and a former Occasion, lbr the Contemplation of the House'. And therefore praying. That Leave may taOt be given to bring in the said intended Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report he received from the Committee, to whom the Pfetitloh Of the Sugar Refihers of London is referred.

Mr. Secretary Fox reported to the House, That their Address of TueJ'day last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the feverad Papers therein mentioned might be laid before thirf House) had been prefen'ted to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt now confined in Saint Thomas's Ward, or Prison for the Comity

of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie Upon the Table.

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging Part of the settled Estates of John Burridge Cholwich, Esquire, in the County of Devon,

from the UfeS and Trusts of his Marriage Settlement, and for settling other Estates in the said County, in lieu thereof; was committed; That the Committee had examined rthe Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Cohfent to the Bill, to thfe Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the Housey^vithout any Amendment: And he delivered the Bilfjn at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

liejolved. That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle do carry the Bill to the Lotds; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Motion vVas made, and the Question being put. That the Committee to whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting Certain Moors, Commons, ami Waste Lands, lying and being within the Out Parishi Of Saint Cuthberl, in It ells, in the County of SometJ'et,

was committed, be revived; !

The House divided.

The Yeas, went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,) u]s!

Tellers for the Noes,) JJn gltiird Hill: J fJJ-

9 it passed in the Negative.

jRc/olveJ,

Answer to Adfiriis for Papere.

Debtor!.

Chohvich's

Estates.

St. Cuthbert Inclosure,

Irish Affairs.

Ditto.

Adjourn-

ment.

Duration of Parliaments.

1014

17° — 22° Mail A. 1782.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Confi'ieration His Majesty's most gracious Message of the qth Day of April last, relative to the State of Ireland.

Ordered, That the several Papers which were presented to the House by Mr. Secretary , upon the ill Day of this lnstant May, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Powys took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Powys reported from the Committ.ee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Powys accordingly reported from the said Committed, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read j and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the better securing the Dependency of " the Kingdom of Ireland upon the Crown of Great Britain," ought to be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is indispensable to the Interests and Happiness of both Kingdoms, that the Connection between them should be established, by mutual Consent, upon a solid and permanent Basis.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House, Nemi?ie Contradiccnle.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An " Act for the better securing the Dependency of the " Kingdom of Ireland upon the Crown of Great BritainAnd that Mr. Secretary Fox, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr. Powys, and Lord John Cavendish, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That, an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That His Majesty will be graciously pleased to take such Measures as His Majesty in His Royal Wisdom shall think most conducive to the estab-lishing, by mutual Consent, the Connection between this Kingdom and the Kingdom of Ireland upon a solid and permanent Basis.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty ijy such Members of this House as are of His Majesty'ijp&oft honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Wednesday Morning next.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That I^ave be given to bring iu a Bill for iliortening the Duration of Parliaments:

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That the other Orders of the Day be now read.

Which last mentioned Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the Question being put, That Leave be given to bringina Bill for shortening the Duration of Parliaments;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller's for the Yeas f Mr' Alderman 1 eliers for the *eas,^The £ar, of Surrey. $

Teller, for }

Sp it passed in the Negative.

18

61.

M9*

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- East India

ing next, refotve itself intota Committee of the whole Affair*. House, to consider further of the several Reports which have been made from the Committees of Secrecy, appointed in the last and this present Session of Parliament, relating to the Affairs of the India Company.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the 6421 whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of East rod* the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider Affaire, further of the several Reports which have been made from the Committees of Secrecy, appointed in the last and this present Session of Parliament, relating to the Affairs of the East India Company, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 22® die Mali;

Anno 22* Georgii III1* Regis, 1782.

Praters.

THE House, according to Order, resolved itself NrwtonV into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Divorx ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Newton, Esquirp, with Catharine Seijmour, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Yonge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. *

Sir George Yonge reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared I

before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Secretary Fox reported to the House, That His Anfrtr» Majesty had been attended with the Address of this Mink House of Friday last, which His Majesty had been pleased to receive very graciously; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will immediately take such Measures as may be moll likely to conduce to the Eliablishment of a Connexion between this Kingdom and the Kingdom of Ireland, upon a solid and permanent Balls.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr.

Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An AX Membe, for restraining any Person concerned in any Contract, not tut* Commission, or Agreement, made for the Public Ser- 5onccm: vice, from being elected, or fitting and voting as, a Member of the House of Commons; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers w ithdrew.

Ordered,

Debtor*.

venting

Gimitig.

fiaAt*s

Estate.

Law* re-peaing Debtors and Creditors in teotland.

22 Geo. III. 2 2° Mail. roi5

Ordered, That the Taid Amendments be taken into have generally, by early Applications to their local Consideration upon Friday Morning next. Modes of judicial Procedure unknown in England.

gained great and injurious Preferences to the A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors in His Ma- Creditors, who, in many Instances, have either been jesty's Gaol of Alaidjone, in the County of Kent, was deprived of any Share of the Insolvents' Effects, or presented to the House, at)d reaid; Complaining of otherwise have been obliged, after pursuing tedious, their Distress, and praying Relief. dilatory, and expensive Proceedings, to content them-

Ordered, That the find Petition do lie upon the selves with some final 1 and disproportionate Parti of Table. such Effects; and that the Bankrupt Law for

which passed in the Year 1772, and is now near ex-A Petition of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for pi ring, did in a great Measure remove the Grievance^ the County of Middlesex, in their General Session of the above dated, in respect of the Distribution of Perfohal Peace assembled,(was presented to the House, and read; Effects of Bankrupts in Scotland, but left their Real Setting forth, That the pernicious Practice of Gaming Estates unaffeded, and as much in the Power of the hath of late enormously increased, and many and great Scotch Creditors to obtain unjust and undue Preferences Evils have aVifen therefrom, and the Laws noW in being therefrom, as the same were before that Law was made; are found, by Experience, to beinsufficient effectually And therefore praying, That such Bill may extend to to restrain the fame: And therefore praying the House the Real as well as Perfohal Estates of Insolvent Debtors to take the Premises into Consideration, and provide in Scotland, and that the same may pajfs into a Law, such Remedy for the Evfts as to them may seem meet, under such Regulations as to the House shall' feeoi meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the OrdThat the said Petition do lie upoiV the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Table, mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with

their Opinion thereupon, to the House. Aningroded Bill for dividing and inetofing the Opeh Stanton

And it is referred to Mr. Byng, Mr. Aldehhan Common Fields, and Commonable Places, withlhV the sj*

Wilkes, &c.; And they are to meet Tomorrow MorU- Par ilh of iU't'he County of nco re‘

ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; was read the Third Time.

and have Power to fend for PerfoUs, Papers, add Re- Resolved That the Bill do pass: And that the Titlft cords; and all who come to the Committee are to have be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Corn-Voices. mon Fields, and Commonable Places, within the Parrlh

of Stanto in the County of Wilts. Mr . Rofewarnereported from the Committee, to Ordered, That Mr. Penruddock do carry the Bill to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled'. An the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Act for discharging the Manor of Imley, otherwise

Evenley, and divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Sir reported from the Committee, to wo* % -

and Hereditaments, in hnley, otherwise Evenley, afore- whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting eft-said, and elsewhere in the County of Northampton, tain Moors, Commons, or WalieLands, lying and being Part of the Estate of Sir Francis Bajet, of Tehidy within the Par ilh oilrookey,\b the County of Somerset'

Park, in the County of Cormoall, Baronet, from the wgscommitted; and to whom the Petition of ClefneAt Ufies, Eftktes, arid'Trusts declared, concerning the same, Tudway, Robert Charles Robert -in and by the last Will and Testament of Francis Bajfet, way, Henry Phelps, Richard Willcox, William Tfoutting, late of Tehidy Park aforesaid, Esquire, deceased, and James Tibbsi Robert Lax, William Stephen

for settling another Manor and other Lands and Here- Fry, George and others, whole Narues are

ditaments of greater Value-hvlieu thereof^ to the like thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Commit*-Uses, was committed; That the Committee had exa- tee had examined, and found that the Standing Ordfei's mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure,. had1 beett to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given complied with; and that the Committee had considered their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com- the said Petition; and had examined the'Allegations" mittee; and that-the Committee had directed him to of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: the Parties concerned had given 'their1 Consent to the And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table. Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee'; and that And the said Bill-Was read the Third Time. the Committee had gone through the Bill, arid made

Refotced, That the Bill do pass. several Amendments thereunto; winch they had directed"

Ordered, That Mr. Ro/etoame do carry the Bill to him to report to the House; and'he read thej Report' the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath iu his Place; and aftierwards delivered the Bill, with the^ agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. Amendments, in at: the Clerk's Table: Where the

Amendments were Quee. read throughout; arid* then a'

A Petition of the Merchants; Traders, and Manu-‘ Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question feftffrers, in the Town of Leeds, in the County of York, severally put thereupon, were'agreed tbby the House.

was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice* OrdThat the Bill, with the Amendments; be of the Bill for regulating the Execution of the Law, ingrossed. and for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal

and expeditions, iri certain Cafesoflrifolvericy, in that Mr. Afortou Pitt reported from the Committee; to

Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and setting whom the ingrossed Bill from the'Lords, intituled, Ah Agreement.

forth,'That an extenQve Trade hath for many Years Act for confirming, and carrying into Execation, cer-

past befen carried on between the said Town and Scot- tain Agreements entered into by John Pitt, Esqufrq,

land, as well as most of the Commercial Cities and Surveyor General of His Majesty's Wocids and Forestff,

Towns in England, and the Intercourse between South with Benjamin Planner, and others, relating to certain and North Britain is become so general and extensive, Waste Lands, and other f*nds, in the Parish of Egham, and the Variety of Commercial Transactions amongst in the County of , andfbr veiling the same in

the Mercantile People in both Countries is such, that the- said John Pitt, and his Heirs, id Trust for Hi«! the LaWs relating to Insolvent Debtors in Scotland Majesty, His Heirs and SuCceflors, and to effectttette? cannot fail to be Matter of great Importance to the: the other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed ;-English Dealtr, who is generally interested in every That the Committee had eXamitfedtfieAflegatioOjfpl contidefable Bankruptcy that happens there; and that the Bill, and found the same to b£ true; and that the in Cafes of Insolveney in Scotland the Creditors there Parties concerned had given their CottfentrtotbeBiil,

Voju 38. xaC to

i oi5'

22° — 23(

11782.

Thormanhy

Irrciosure.

Vote of Thankito Admiral Rodney.

Ditto to Admiral Hood, &c.

\o the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee haddfrested him to report the Bill to the ttotiie, without any Amendment: And he delivered ilie Bill iri'at the Clerk's Table. 1

And Notice being taken, that4 His Majesty'slnterest concerned in the said Bill;

Lord John Cdvendish (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives Mis Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they llrall think fit. , \ f

Then the said Bill 'was read the Third Time. Htfolved, That the Bill do pass. 1 ;: <

Ordered, That Mr. Morton Pitt do carry th^ Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this1 House hath agreed loth&fame, without any Amendriien^, ‘;

'.Mr. Buncombe reported from the Committee, to^ whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a Carr or Common, called Thormanby Carr, within the Township of Thormanhy, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, h&d been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to, be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone-through the Bill, and made several Amendments' thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;

7 apd , afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment Sj were Once read throughout and then a Second Time, One by dne; and, upon the Quell ion severally pht thereupon, were agreed to by the House.r ';

« ' Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be' ingrossed. ‘ 1 ' , ' ‘ '

Mejblved, Nemitie Contradicente, That the Thanks of this, House be‘ given to Sir George Brydges Rodney roj^tj/Knight of the Most honourable Order of the l^athj for his able and gallant Conduct in the late most :brilliant and deeifive Victory obtained over the French rieei-in the.lVcJJ Indies, by the Fleet under his Command. , 1; i

ficfolved, Nemine] Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given so Re^r Aclihifal Sir Samuel Hood, Rear Admiral Drake] Commodore Affleck, and Sir Qharles Douglas, ^nd to the several Captains and Officers ,df . the Fleet upder the Command of Sir George tirydge* Rodney yioi: their Bravery and gallant Conduct' o.n the said;la{e most glorious Occasion; and that Sir

Mr. Speaker reftmied- the Chair*

Mr. Ord reported from Jhe Cojnmittee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report,'when the Ho.use will please to receive I he fame. 5: . ... ..

Ordered, That, the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. .

Mr. Ord also.acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, Tiiafe this House will', upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself wito a Committee of the whole House,* to consider further of Ways and Means lor railing the Supply granted to His Majesty. ..,.

v

Wor-lien, &c. Manufactures.

The other Orders -of* the Day being, r-ead;.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee Committee; who were appointed to.co.nlider of the State 00 ('0JRIXC* of the Coinage of Money in this Npigdguij^and the Expenses incident thereto, apd-to report ttyeir Opinion thereupon *tolthe House, he taken 4nly further Con-lid era tioiv upon Tuesday. Morning, next.- .* .

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole- House, to whom the Bill for putlishing Persons wilfully and* nialiciously destroying any WooHen,

Silk, Linen, or Cotton Goods, or any Implements prepared for, or ufecl in the Manufacture thereof; and for repealing so much of Two Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of King George Hie First, and in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Punishment of Persons destroying any Woollen or Silk Manufactures, or any Implements prepared for, hrufed therein, was committed,' he received Tomorrow Morning. '

.Resolved,' That this House will, upon Friday \locn-ing next, resolve itself. into a Committee of the whole House, to edniider further of t,he Supply granted to His Majesty.

Attd then the House adjourned till Tomorrow A - Mornings Ten of die tClock.

y.ovis, 2 30 die Man; ' *

Anno £2° Georgii III11' Regis, 1782.

Supply.

PpA Y.E RS..... - v.

AN ingrossed^ Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and otker Common^bie

____o , Lands and Grounds,. t>C>and within the Pgri&.af trre

George Brydges Rodney &0 ftgriify the same to them. - Creatort, in the County of Northampton and the jH^unlet Ditto to the ^fiefohed, Nfmine Contradicente, That this House doth of Little Creaton, in the Parish of Spratton, in the saud S«am#n, Ac. highly, approve .9T. and acknowledge the Services of the^ Gonnty, wa£ read the Third Time,

Creaton

Inclosure.

S/jamep, Marines^ and Soldiers, on board the Ships under the Command of Sir George Brydges Rodney, in the late glorious Victory over the French Fleet; and i t(iat Captains of the several Ships do signify the fame* to their respective Cr6ws, and do ‘thank Vhetrt for their gallant Behaviour. ‘ ' '

Ordered, That j\Ir. Speaker do transmit the Paid Re-fd|utions of this House to: Sir George Brydges Rodney,'

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

«ad UcLti. re^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply, granted to His Majesty, be now read. *

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

'Mr. Speaker lef the Chair.

Air. Ord took the Chair of lire Committee. -

The Amendments following were severally propospd to be made to the Bill; viz,

Pr^ 27. L 31 To leave out <c other" and insert of rp-<c, spective former" instead thereof.

1. 4. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to And" in Lipe 7, and f: insert " through the said respective

" Lands and Grounds to be divided " and inclosed (except the Turnpike ' c< Road) were amended and kept in

" Repair before the passing of this <c Act," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the TitI? he, An Act for dividing^Nallotting, and inclosing, the open and Common Fields, Common Paftnres, Cqm-

mon

Woollen, &c. Matiufao tuies.

Countess of Oxford's Estates.

V i'

EIv EHates in Holborn.

Earl of Hoi-derneffe's Estates.

Offices and Employments.

11 Geo. 1IL

i;

\o\r)

mon Meadows, and other Commonable Lands arid Grounds, of and within the Pai'fflrof Great-Creaton, in the County of Northampton,‘and the Htuiilet of Little' Creaton, in the Pari Hi of Sprat ton, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. KnightUnj do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Stanley, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole . Hbiife; to whom the Bill for pitnifliing Persons wilfully* and maliciously destroying any Woollen, Silk, Linen, or Cotton Goods, or tfty, Implements prepared for, or used in, the Manufacture thereof; and for repealing so much of Two Act$, made in the Twelfth Year of King George the First, and in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Punishment of Persons ddtroying any Woollen or Silk Manufactures, or any Implements prepared for, or used therein, was committed; the Amendments which the Co rhm it tee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed;to'by the House. 4 '

Ordered, That the- Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. ‘

b An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Freeholds and Inheritance in Fee of Part of the Estates heretofore of the Right honourable Henrietta Cavendish Holies, Countess of Oxford and Countess Mortimer, deceased, in Trustees, in Trull, to sell and dispose of so much thereof as may be sufficient to pay off and discharge the Debts, Legacies, and other remaining' Incumbrances affecting Ihp Whole of the Estates late of her the said Countess, which were devised by her Will-, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Walpole, Lord George Cdvendish, &c,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber f

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of an Annual Fee Farm Rent of One hundred Pounds, payable to the See of Ely out of certain Estates in and near Hatton Garden, in the County of Middlesex, and for applying the Money to arise from such Sale in Manner therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes, Mr. Erver, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

been stamped, have been Toft or mislaid, and for allowing them Time.to provide Admissions duly stamped; \ .

and to give further Time to such Persons as have 'omit* ted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Atto.rnles and Solicitors, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace/or others, who have omitted to regiller or deliver in their Qualifica- -tions within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and"

Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be damped according to Law* or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and tpgivd further Time to such Persons as have omitted to 'make and file Affidavit^ of tjfe Execution.of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and; Solicitors. 1

Ordered, That Mri Ord do cafry the Bill to the Lords, and* desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed'Bfll foriraifingafurther Sum of Wfdpey, Supply Bill; by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Exchequer Year One thousand Seven, hundred and Fjghty-Jvyo, Bl^8, was read the Third Time. ' .

Resolved, That the BiH do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by

Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence.'

» ' M

Aningfoffed Bill for dividing and iriclofinga Carrot Thormanby Common, called Thormanby Carr, within the Towqship Inclosure. of Thormanby, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time. i

Resolved, That( the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and incloswg a Carr or Common, called Thormanby Cfl/r; within the Township of Thormanby, in the North Riding of the Cdui/ty tofYdrk.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Couricurrence.

Ordered, That the Committee, who are appointed to enquireinto, and cotifider of the Limits of the navi- NavJgak,e gable Rivers and Firths in that Part of Great Britain ScoriimJL called Scotland, and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House, do report their Opinion to the House upon the Matters referred to their Consideration.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Resolved, Nemine Contradicente', That, an humble Address for for veiling Part of the Estates of Robert late Earl of Address be presented to His Majesty, humbly desiring erecting a Holderne/fe, deceased, in the County of York, in Truf- that His Majesty will be pleased to give Directions, Monument tees, for a Term of Years, for raising and'Payment ot that a Monument be erected in the Collegiate Church Command the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, charged by the of Saint Peter's Westminster, to the Memory of Captain derg<

Will of the said Earl on his said Estates, was fead a William Bayne, of His Majesty's Ship Alfred, and Cap-Second Time. ( tain William Blair, of His Majesty's Ship Anson, who

Resolved, That the BiH be committed tb Mr. Elwes, fell gloriously in the Naval Engagement of the 9th and Sir Matthezo White Ridley, kc.: And they afe to1 meet 12th. Days of April last, off the Island of Dominica; this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock; in the Speaker's and also to the Memory of the Right honourable Lord Chamber. / . } Robert Manners, Commander of His Majesty's Ship

' .....Resolution, who, hnfortqnately for this Country, received

An ingrossed Bill to indemnify such Persons as have a mortal Wound in the Engagement on the said 12th omitted to qualify therrifelyes for Offices and Employ- Day of Aph'il, when a decisive Victory was obtained by merits, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others; Admitql Sir George Brydges Rodney over the French who have omitted to regiller or deliver in their Quail- Flebt/then commanded by the Comte De GraJJe-, and ficatjons within the Time limited by Law, and for that this House will make good the Expence attending giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indem- the fame.,

riify Members and Officers* in Cities, Corporations, Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His and Borough Towns; whose Admissions have been Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His omitted to be stamped according to Lats, or, having Majesty's Most honourable Privy Council.

> Vol. 38; ..v ‘1 * Th«

ioi8

23° Mail.

A. 1782.

of The House was moved, That an Act, made in this

Good*!*6 Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to

" extend so much of Two Acts of the Twentieth and " Twenty first Years of His present Majesty's Reign, " as relate to the Sale of, and ascertaining the Duties " upon, East India Goods, to Tea and all other Goods " of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of " or any Country within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, which have been, or shall, " during the present Hofliiities, be, brought into this " Kingdom, and condemned as Prize; for equalizing " the Duties upon, and regulating the Importatioivof, " Foreign Sauffinto this Kingdom; and for prevents " ing the Importation and running of Foreign Spirituous Liquors, Tea, and other prohibited Goods, " into this Kingdom, in Vessels fitted out and armed as Privateers," might he read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to brings in a. Bill to rectify a Mistake in the said Act, with respect to preventing the Importation and Running of Tea in this Kingdom, in armed Vessels having Letters of Marque or other Commissions from the Admiralty; And that Mr. Ord and Mr. Straclucy. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ways Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the.

and Means. Committee o£the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means.for raising the Supply granted to His Mmefty, the Resolutionalwhich the Committee had directedhim to report to the House; which he read. in his Place.; and afterwards'delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved , That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the: Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged aSuni equal, to a* Moiety of the Tolls payable for Carriages and Cattle of every Description at each Turnpike Gate witllihthe Kingdom1 of Great Britain^ to be paid by the Owners, or Drivers of fnohiCarriages or Cattle at the respective Gates or Bant in Addition to> the Tolls already paid there.

Ri/btved, That it is. the Opinion of this Committee; That, towards railingtbe Supplygrarttedl taTIis Majesty, there be> charged' a> Duty of Two'Shillings joer-Ton Annually on the Tonnage of every Barge, Trow, Lighter, Keel, and other Craft carrying Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or. Paflepgers more than Twelve in Number,.which shall navigate or pass on.any River or. Canal Navigation within the Kingdom of Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That the said Duties shall be under the Management of the Commissioners for managing His Majesty's Duties on>Stamped Vellum, Parchments, and Paper;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That, towards railing; the Supply granted to His Mat* jesty, there be chafed sl. Duty of Two Shillings per ' Ton Annually on the Tonnage of every Shipor Vessel

cm ploy ed in the Coasting Trade from one Part of Great Britain to another, where-such Ship or VessellhaH pals by open Sea, except Ships or Vessels'laden wholly, with Coals.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards ruifing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additioHai.Rate or Duty of Twenty, Shillings per Annum be. paid by, every, Person for, eaohCoacI), Berlin, Landau,.Qiariot, Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaiff with Four Wheels, and Caravan, kept for his. or. her own Cfe> or to be let out to hire, other than and except such as are already licensed by the Commissioners fertile Duties arising by Hackney Coaches.

Resolved, That it -is the Opinion of this Committee, That, to wards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there shall be paid by every, Person keeping a Chaise with Two Wheels, or Chair drawn by One or

tz

more Horse or Horses, an additional Rate or Duty of Twenty Shillings Yearly for every such Chaise or Chair.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty or Charge of Ten Pounds Centum be laid upon the Produce and Amount of the said additional Rates or Duties upon Coacties and other Carriages.

The Three First Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fourth Resolution oftlie Committee being read a Second Time, an Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by adding at the End thereof, " Lime,

" Lime Stones, Chalk, Marl, or Dung."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Rc/oboea, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution so amended, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged a Duty of Two Shillings per Ton Anuually on the Tonnage of every Ship or Vessel employed in the Coasting Trade, from one Part of Great Britain to another, where such Shipor Vessel shall pass bf open Sea, except Ships or Vessels laden wholly with Goals, Lime, Lime Stones, Chalk, Marl, of Dung.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered,'Y\vaX a Bill,.or Bills, be brought in, upon the said. Resolutions: And that Mr. Ord, Lord John Ca-vendd/h, the LordAlihorpe, Mr. James Frederick Montagu, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Stradtey-, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was movedj That the Twenty-first, Wmi Twenty-second, Twenty>t bird, Twenty-fourth, T wen ty-fifth. Twenty-six tH,. Twenty-seventh, Twenty-eighth; Twenty-ninth, Thirtieth, Thirty-first, Thirty-fecoud;. Thirty-third, Thirty-fourth, Thirty-fifth, Thirty-sixth, Thirty-feveuth, and Thirty-eighth, of the Resolution* which, upon the 12th Day of March last, were reported from the Committed of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing, the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followed); viz.

" Re/plved, That, towards railing the Supply granted

to His Majesty, every Person or Persons who shall " keep any Theatre, House,.Room, Garden, or other rt Place, for public Dancing, MuGc, or other Publio " Entertainment of the like Kind, or any oilier Place " of Public Entertainment, Interlude, or Exhibition,

" where the Price of Admission for eaoh Person shall " amount to the Stun of One. SlullW, or upwards;

" shall yield and pay annually, to His Majesty the Sum " of Five Shillings for a Licence for that iSirpose."

" Resolved, That, towards raising the Supply, granted " to His Majesty, a.Duty of Three Pence- be charged " upon every Person at and for his or her Admission " into any Theatre, House, Room;, Garden, or other t( Place kept for Public Dancing, Music, or other * Public Entertainment of the like: Kind, or into any " other Place of Public Entertainment, Interlude, or " Exhibition, where the Price of such Admission shall " amount to the Sum of One Shilling and where no " Wine-or Exciseable Liquors are sold by Retail, or " permitted to be contained for the Benefit of the Proprietor of such Public Place."

" Resolved, That, towards railing the Supply granted

" to His Majesty, a Duty. of Six Pence be charged " upon every Person at and for his or her Admission " into any Theatre, House, Room, Garden, or other " Place. kept for Public pane ing, Music, ?r other " Public Entertainment of the like Kind, or into any

" other

22 Geo. III. 230 Mali. 1019

" other Place of public Entertainment, Interlude, or " Exhibition, where the Price of Inch Admission shall " amount to the Sum of One Shilling, and where Wine or Exciseable Liquors are sold by Retail, or permitted to be consumed, for the Benefit of the Pro- prieror of such Public Place."

" Resolved, That, towards raising the Supply granted

" to PI is Majesty, a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon " every Person at and for his or her Admission into any " Theatre, House, Room, Garden, or other Place, kept for Public Dancing, Mulic, or other Public Enter* " tainment of the like Kind, or into any other Place of " Public Entertainment, Interlude, or Exhibition, where the Price of such Admission shall exceed One Shilling, " and shall not Amount to more than Three Shillings." " Resolved, That, towards raising the Supply granted

to His Majesty, a Duty of One Shilling be charged " upon every Person at and for his or her Admission " into any Theatre, House, Room, Garden, or other " Place, kept for Public Dancing, Music, or other " Public Entertainment of the like Kind, or into any other Place of Public Entertainment, Interlude, or K Exhibition, where the Price of such Admission shall " exceed the Sum of Three Shillings, and shall not " amount to more than Five Shillings."

" Resolved, That, towards raising the Supply granted

" to II is Majesty, a Duty of Two Shillings and Six " Pence be charged upon every Person at and for his " or her Admission into any Theatre, House, Room, 44 Garden, or otiier Place, kept for Public Dancing, 44 MuGc, or other Public Entertainment of the like " Kind, or into any other Place of Public Entertainment. Interlude, or Exhibition, where the Price of such Admission shall amount to more than FiveShil- lings, and shall not exceed Ten Shillings and Six " Pence."

44 Resolved, That, towards raising the Supply granted

" to His Majesty, a Duly of Five Shillings be charged " upon every Person at and for his or her Admission " into any House, Room, Garden, or other Place, kept " for Public Dancing, or Mulic, or other Public Enr tertainment, Interlude, or Exhibition, where the Price " of such Admission shall exceed the Sum of Ten Shillings and Six Pence."

" Resolved, Thai, towards raising the Supply granted to H is Majesty, there be charged the Sum of Three * Pence for every Mile any Waggon, Wain, or othe^ 44 Four-wheeled Carriage, shall travel, carrying any " Kind of Goods,. Wares, and Merchandize for Hire, " and being drawn on Rollers, or Wheels, above the " Breadth of Nine Inches."

" Resolved, That, towards raising the Supply granted to llis Majesty, there be charged the Sum of Two " Pence Halfpenny for every Mile any Waggon, 44 Wain, or other Four-wheeled Carriage, shall travel, 44 carrying any Kind of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize for Hire, and being drawn on Wheels above " Six Inches, and not exceeding Nine Inches in " Breadth."

" Resolved, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged the Sum of One " P' nny Three Farthings for every Mile any Wag-gon, Wain, or other Four-wheeled Carriage, shall 41 travel, carrying any Kind of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize for Hire, and being drawn on Wheels of above Three Inches, and not exceeding Six Inches in Breadth."

44 Resolved, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged the Stun of One Penny Halfpenny for every Mile any Waggon, Wain, 44 or other Four-wheeled Carriage, shall travel, carrying any Kind of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize for Hire, and being drawn on Wheels of Three Inches or Iefs in Breadth."

44 Resolved, That, towards raising the Supply granted " to His Majesty, there be charged the Sum of One Penuy Farthing for every.Mile any Cart or other Vot, 38.

44 Two-wheeled Carriage shall travel. Carrying any w^vs " Kind of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize for Hire, and Means.

44 and being drawn on Wheels above Six Inches in Breadth."

" Resolved, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged the Smn of One Penny for every Mile any Cart or other Two-wheeled Carriage shall travel, carrying any Kind of Goods,

44 Wares, and Merchandize for Hire, and being drawn on Wheels of above Three Inches, and not exceeding Six Inches in Breadth."

44 Resolved, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged the Sum of One Halfpenny for every Mile any Cart or other Twowheeled Carriage shall travel, carrying any Kind of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize for Hire, and being " drawn on Wheels of Three Inches or less in Breadth."

44 Resolved, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Person who shall keep any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, for carrying Goods, Wares, and Merchandize for Hire, shall yield and pay Annually unto His Majesty, His Heirs and.

44 Successors, the Sum of Two Shillings and Six Penc

44 for a Licence for that I'urpose."

41 Resolved, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Owner of any Barge, Lighter,

44 Trow, Keel, or other Craft, for carry ing Goods,

44 Wares, Merchandize, or Passengers above Twelve in Number, shall yield and pay Annually unto His Majesty, His heirs and Successors, the Sum of Two Shillings and Six Pence, for a Licence to navigate or pass such Barge, Lighter, Trow, Keel, or other Craft, upon any River or Canal Navigation within the Kingdom of Great Britain."

" Resolved, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged a Duty of One 44 Farthing per Ton on the Tonnage of every Barge,

44 Lighter, Trow, Keel, and other Craft, carrying Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Passengers above Twelve in Number, for every Mile such Barge,

44 Lighter, Trow, Keel, or other Craft, shall navigate " or pass on any River or Canal Navigation within the Kingdom of Great Britain

44 Resolved, That, towards raising the Supply granted

44 to His Majesty, there be charged a Duly of Three Pence/ier Ton on the Tonnage of every Ship or Vessel employed in the Coasting Trade from one Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain to another,

44 where such Ship or Vessel shall pass by open Sea,

44 except Ships laden wholly with Coals, Lime, Lime Stones, Chalk, Marl, or Dung."

The House was also moved. That the Order made upon the said 12th Day of March, for Leave to bring in a Bill, or Bills, upon the Resolutions which were that Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply grunted tp His Majesty, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly; .

Ordered, That so much of the said Order as relates to the bringing in a Bill, or Bills, upon the said Resolutions now read, be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Preventing the better preventing Bribery and Expence in Elections *"

of Members to serve in Parliament: And that the Lord e 10ns* Mahon and Mr. Edward James Eliot do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The ot her Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Exportation night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 01 B°P*-House, upon the Bill for encouraging the Exportation of Hops, of British Growth, to and for by Way

of Merchandize.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- Bill toeoabl* ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole His Majesty

12 D House, to

1020

23 — 24 ° Maii. 1782.

Peace with House, to consider farther of the Bill to enable His Ma-Aourica. jesty to oonc|uc|e a Peace or Truce with the revolted Colonies in North America.

East India Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-Affairs. ffig next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the foveral Reports which have been made from the Committees of Secrecy, appointed in the last and this present Session of Parliament, relating to the Affairs of the East India Corn-. pany.

Sale of East Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of

lDGood8ZC ^le w ^e House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the several Reports which have been made from the Committees of Secrecy, appointed in the last and this present Session of Parliament, relating to the Affairs of the East India Company, be taken into Coti-sideration upon TuefdatfNlorxnng next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 240 die Mail;

Anno 22* Georgii IIIlii Regis, 1782.

Praters.

Cambridge jQ R D'E R E D, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War-Writ. rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to makeont a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cambridge, in the room of the Right honourable Robert Manners, commonly called Lord Robert Mannei's, de-Ceased.

Smuggling] Mr. Orrfpresented to the House, according to Order,

9 Tea. g-jj to re^}fy a Mistake in an Act of this Session of* Parliament, with respect to preventing the Importation and running of Tea in this Kingdom in armed Vessels, having Letters of Marque or other Commissions from the Admiralty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refotvedy That the Bill be read a Second Time.

New ton *s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Divorce. to dissolve the Marriage of John Newton, Esquire, with Catharine Seymour, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir George Yonge do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hat'h ^agreedto the fame, without any Amendment.

Adjournment. Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of tile -House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Saltufed in An Bill for granting to His Majesty addi-

making Ma- tional Duties upon Salt, and certain Duties upon Glauber

rine Acid, or Epsom Saits, and other Medicinal Salt, and also on Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass made fresh Salt; and to prevent Frauds in the Duties on Foul Salt, to be used

in manuring of Land, was read tfhe Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, that the Bill shall toot extend to the Manufacture of Kelp, Barilla, or Flux for Glass.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Rill 5 viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 24. To leave out " or vending."

Pr. 7. 1. 15. To leave out " or vend."

la ^'1* To Leave out " Salt or."

Pr. 11. 1. 1After Giafs" to infortf< made from " Rock Salt, Salt Rock, Brine,

or Sea Water."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Salt, and certain Duties upon Glauber or Ep-firm Salts, and also on Mineral Alkali or Flux lor Glass made from Salt; and to prevent Frauds in the Duties on Foul Salt, to be used in manuring of Land.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary Fox reported to the I loufo, that their Aprils for Address of Yesterday (humbly desiring that His Ma- eretfinga jesty would be pleased to give Directions, that a Monu- Monumeittt nient be erected in the Collegiate Church of Saint oferi. Peter's Westminster, to the Memory of Captain William Bayne, of His Majesty YShip Alfred, and Captain William Blair, of His M a jesty‘s Ship A/Jon, who fell gloriously in the Naval Engagements of t‘10 gth and'

12th Days of April last, off the Island of Dominica; and also to the Memory of the Right, honourable Lord Robert Manners, Commander of Mis Majesty's Ship Rejbhition, who, unfortunately for this Country, received a mortal Wound in the Engagement on the said 12th Day of' April, when adeciiive Victory was obtained by Admiral Sir George Brydges Rodney over the French Fleet, then commanded by the Comte De Graf*; and that this House will make good the FA'pence attending idle fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as deiited by the said Address.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Oxford the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a hew Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City o^i Oxford, in the county of 'Oxjbrd, in the room of the Right honourable Robert Spencer, Commonly called Lord Robert Spencer, who, fihee his*

Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of Vice Treasurer and Receiver General ami Paymaster General of all his Majesty *s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland.

A Petition of the United Company of Mm bants East Tnftii of England trading to the East Indies, being offered to Compmy be presented to the House; liuknmny.

Lord John Caremlish (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Cottfkleralion of the House.

Then the said Petition wasbrought up, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners, in or about the Year :1765, obtained Grants of the Dnwanntee of the Provinces of Bengal, Baf/ar, and Orijfa, in the East Indus'; and that previous to the obtaining fuclt Grants, the Petitioners from their Trading Stock in England full a inert wery great Essences of Wars in India, and are now fti Disburse on that Account to a \*ery large Amount; and that soon after the obtaining of the said Grant*, fife Majesty's Ministers, on Behalf "of the Public, laid Claim to the Territorial Aequiftriofts aRd Revenue*; then lately obtained by the Petitioners in the East Indies, or to a Participation in the Profits thereof; hnd that a Treaty took place between His Majesty's Ministers and the Petitioners concerning the said Claim, and, although the Petitioners might in Justice and Region have required to have been reimbursed all the Etf-pences which‘their Trading Stock ill England had sustained in acquiring the said Territories and Revenues before the Public should participate therein, yet being anxious tOcontributet© the Alleviation of the Burthens of €he State, and being led to entertain 'more fangiiim?

20 Hopes

22 Geo. III.

240 Mali. V\ io2i

Hopes of very great Profits to arise to the Petitioners in England, from the said Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues than were afterwards realized, the Petitioners were induced to agree to pay 400,000 a Year to the Use of the Publ ic, for a limited Time; and thereupon, by an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for establishing " an Agreement for the Payment of the Annual Sum " of Four hundred thousand Pounds, for a limited " Time, by the East India Company, in respect of the " Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained " in the East Indiesit was Enacted, that the Peti-

tioners should pay into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, for His Majesty's Use, £. 400,000 per Annum for Two Years, to be computed from the ill Day of February 1767; and by an Act, made in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,. An Act for carry ing into Execution certain Proposals " made by the Fuji India Company, for the Payment " of the Annual Sum of Four hundred thousand " Pounds, for a limited Time, in respect of the Territorial Acquisit ions and Revenues lately obtained in the £ ajl Indies,"it was Enacted, That the Petitioners

should pay into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, for His Majesty's Use, 400,000 per Annum for Five Years, to be computed from the tft Day of February 1769; and that, pursuant to the said Acts, the Petitioners at sundry Times paid into the Receipt of His Majesty'sExchequer divers Sums of Money, amount-i igtogeiher to the Sum of^. 2,169,398. i8r. in

Satisfaction of the said Annual Payment of 400,000, from the said ift Day of February 1767 to the 5th Day of July 1772; and that the said Payments of the said

Annual Sum of £. 400,000 exceeded the Abilities of the said Company, inso much that the Petitioners incurred Debts in England to a very large Amount, whilst they were making' such Payments as aforesaid to Government; and that by an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty,.intituled," An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money,

" to be raised by Exchequer Rills, and to be advanced " and applied in the Manner and upon the Terms therein mentioned, for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the " Indies,'' a Sum of £. 1,400,000 was lent to the Petitioners by the Public, and applied to the Payment of their Debts in Manner therein mentioned; and the said ~ Act acting, That in the then present Circumstances of the Petitioners, it would not be in their Power to provide for 1 lie Repayment of Inch Loan as aforesaid, and for establishing their Affairs upon a more secure Foundation for the Time to come, unless the Public should agree to forego, for the pfefeut, all Participation in the Profits arising from the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues, in order that Provision be made by Parliament for applying as west the Whole of the Profits arising from the said Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues, as all the Revenue and Profits of the Company, after providing for certain necessary Payments and Deductions to be made thereout, to the Repayment of the said £. 1,400,000, and to the Reduction of the Company's Bond Debt; it was therefore Efiafted, That until the said Loan should be repaid, and the Petitioners Bond Dqbt he reduced to£. 1,590,090,whole Profits of the Petitioners should be applied §$ follows; until the Whole of the said Loan should have been repaid, the Petitioners were to be at Libeyty to let apart, and" apply, in tfuTTirll Place, such Sum as should be sufficient for anfyering,a Dividend to t^e Proprietors, not exceeding Site ''per 4knt..and all the Surplus Profit

should be applied inDiminution of the said £.1,4 00,000; and after Paymiqpti of the Whotethereof, and until the Bond Debt of the Company may be reduced to £. 1,500,000, the Petitioners were to be at Liberty to let apart and apply* -ift the First Place, fiach Sum as should be fuftipiopt- /<Jf answering a Dividend to the Proprietors at fiioRate of Seven Ceutmnper Armum*

Yol. 38.

and that all the said Surplus Profits should be applied in reducing the said Bond Debt; and that the Petitioners duly repaid the said Loan of£. 1,400,000, and afterwards, on or before the 24th Day 1778, re-

duced their Bond Debt to or under the Snm of £. 1,500,000; and that by an Act, made in the Nineteenth Yean of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing in the Possession of " the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for a limited Time, and under " certain Conditions, the Territorial Acquisitions and " Revenues lately obtained in the East and for

" continuing for a limited Time, so much of an Act,

" made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing " certain Regulations for the better Management of " the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in " India as in Europe," as w ill expire in the Course of " the present Year;" reciting, That the said Sum of £. 1,400,000 had been repaid, and the Petitioners Bond DebJ had been reduced to or under £. 1,500,000, whereby the Circumstances in Consideration whereof it was in the aforesaid Act declared that the Public should agree to forego, for the then present Time, all Participation in the Profit arising from the Territorial Acquisitions lately obtained in the East Indies, had ceased and were determined; but it might be expedient that the aforesaid Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues should, for a limited Time, and under certain Conditions and Redactions, remain in the Possession of the Petitioners* it is Enacted, That the said Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues should remain in the Possession of the Petitioners for One Year, to be computed from the 5th of April 1779, provided, that during that Term the Whole of the Petitioners clear Profits should be applied in Manner following; viz. The Petitioners wereto be at Liberty to set apart and apply, in the Fii ft Place, such Sum as might be sufficient for answering a.Dividend to the Proprietors of the Stock of the said Company, not exceeding Eight per Centum per Annum, after which the

w'bole clear Surplus of the said RevenueFand Profits should be reservedand await any future Agreement that might be made between the Public and the Company; and by another Act, made in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the said Territorial Acquisitkms and Revenues were continued in the Possession of the Petitioners for the further Term of One Year to be computed from the 5th of April 1780, upon , the same Conditions, and Restrictionsas are contained the said last mentioned Act; and that His Majesty's Ministers were pleased to fed up a Claim to the Sum of £. 600,000 and upwards, as due for the Share of the Public in the Petitioners Nett Profits, and, after much Altercation thereon, the Petitioners reluctantly agreed to the Payment of £. 400,000 to the Use of the Public, and thereupon, by an Act made in the last Seflkm of Parliament, it was (amongst other Things) Enacted, That £. 400,060 should by the Petitioners be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty'sExchequer, at the Times and in the Proportions following; viz. £. 100,000 on or before the ift of September 1781; £. 100,000 on or before the ill of October then next following; £. 100,066 on OT'before the ill of Neventber then next following; and the remaining £<. 100,000 on or before the ift of December- then hext following, for the Use of the Public, in full Discharge and Satisfaction of all Claims and Demands of the Public upon: the Petitioner#, from the Time the Petitioners Bond Debt was reduced to £. 1,500,000, until the ill of March 17815 and that the Petitioners duly paid the Three first-mentioned Sums of £. 100,000 easti, in the said last Act of Par-Jiament mentioned, on or before the respective Days in the said Act appointed for Payment thereof, but they -have not been able yet to pay the said last mentioned Sum of £.ieo, oooo; and that the Petitioners Affairs

both at Home and Abroad are in such a State as to require the Aid'and Assistance of the Public: Wherefore,

East India Company Indemnity.

1022 240 — 270 Mail. . 1782.

and in regard that the Petitioners have dot received any Advantage from the said Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues, even to the Extent of reimbursing themselves the Ex peaces incurred in obtaining the fame, but are now very greatly in Disburse on that Account, and in regard the Public have already reaped very great Advantages from the said Territorial Possessions and Revenues, the Petitioners therefore pray. That the said Sum of£. 300,000, paid by them into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, as hereinbefore is mentioned, pursuant to the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, may be returned to the Petitioners; and that the said £. 100,000 remaining unpaid may be remitted, and the Petitioners freed and discharged therefrom, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confnleration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Members not The House, according to Order, proceeded to take cerned°in" into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords certain Con- to ^ie Bill, intituled, An Act for restraining any Per-tracts. son concerned in any Contraft, Commission, or Agreement, made for the Public Service, from being elected, or fitting and voting as a Member of the House of Commons.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 18. After "Contract" in fert " Agreement " r Commission."

1. 19. After " with" insert" under or from."

L 22. After " the" insert46 Mailer General " or"

1. 29. After " any" insert " such."

1. 29. After " Agreement" leave out" with " or Commission from the said Com-' " missioners of the Treasury, or of

<c th^Navy, or Victuallir.g Office,

<c or Board of Ordnance, or any of <c them and instead thereof insert iC Contraft or Commission which <c he or they shall have made or entered into as aforesaid."

1, 37. After " Public" insert ,c except such " Wares and Merchandize as shall " be of his own Growth, Production, or Manufacture, and also , " except such Houses, Warehouses,

' <c Lands, and Tenements, as shall be hired out, or contrafted for,

" for the Service of the Public."

Pr. 2. I. 30. After " the" leave out " End of this " present," and instead thereof insert " Commencement of the next." The First, Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Amendments, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Sixth Amendment being read a Second Time; And the Question being put, That the House do agree to the said Amendment made by the Lords;

It passed in the Negative. P

The subsequent Amendment made by the Lords to the said Bill, being read a Second Time,* was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Reasons to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to the Amendment made by their Lordships, which this House hath disagreed to.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Philip Jennings Cler/ce, Mr. Palk, Mr. Secretary Fox, Mr. Pul-teney, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Vyner, Mr. William Pitt, Mr. Eliot, thcj Lord Motion, Lord John Cavendish, Mr.

Alderman Newnham, Sir Matthew White Ridley, Mr.

Hu (fey, Mr. Byng, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Sir William Dolben, the Earl of Surrey, Mr. Marsham, Mr. Alderman Townshend, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Backdate,

Mr. Ord, Sir Adam Fergufjim, General Co away, Mr.

Baker, Sir George Cor new all, Mr. I 111 her force, Mr.

Pturner, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Salt, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Cor,

Mr. St. John, Sir Henry Fletcher; And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Lord Mahon presented to the House, according Prevent- to Order, a Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Expence in Elections of Members to serve in*Parlia* 0,s*

ment: And the same was received; and revid the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Mlt0 e!w||,e to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to enable 11 is Majesty to p^cewith conclude a Peace or Truce with the revolted Colonies America, in North America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Secretary Fox took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Secretary Fox reported from the Committee,

That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directedhim to* report, when the *

House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be how received.

Mr. Secretary Fox accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to* report to the House; ami he read the Report in^ his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill*, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and 1 hen a Second Time, One by One;* and; upon the Question severally put thereupon; were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, ke. ingrossed. ' r' '.

Ordered, That the- said Bill be read Hie TInid;Time" upon Monday Morning next, if the' said Bill shall b'er then ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being reStd; ,'r

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday^ Ways Morning next* resolve itself into a Committee of the* and Maas, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty. *

\t ->< ‘W f

And Ihen the House adjourned till Monday Mbrning next. Ten of the Clock.

'a: 1

Luna, 27* dje Maii;

» ' " ' 1 Anno 22* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

MR. Thomas Pelham presented to the House, ac- Flimwel!

cording to Order, a Bill to repeal so much of Vem, &c. #an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His Ro4<1

prdent

na Geo. III.

37* Maii.

1023

Hilda Fine*.

L'icensing Lottery Off ce Keeper*.

present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Flimwell Vent, in the County of through

Highgate, in the County of Kent, and the Parities of Sandhurf, Netoenden, and Northiam, to Rye, in the said County of Sussex, and from Highgate aforesaid to

Cooper's Comer, in the said County of and to

Tubb's Lake, in the said County of Kent, as relates to the Road from Highgate to Tubb's and for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act with respect to the other Roads therein contained: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rffblved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Thomas Pelham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, " amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the " several Laws now in being relating to the railing " and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called Englandas relates to Persons refuting or neglecting to serve in the Militia, and paying the Sum of Ten Pounds, being liable to serve again at the Expiration of Three Years: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to

Bridge, and from the same Road to the Road at or near Ruehitl Gate, in the Counties of Stafford and Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Rojewame reported from the Committee, to Game Laws,

whom the Bill to prevent Persons going disguised, or with Arms or offensive Weapons, in the Night Time, in any Place, except on the King's Highway, for the Purpose or under Pretence of killing Game, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place $ and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Smuggling of Tea.

Order, a Bill for licensing Lottery Office Keepers, and regulating the Sale of Lotteiy Tickets: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act of this Session

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Grown, to make out a new Writ for the eiefting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Portsmouth, in the County of Sotilhampton, in the room of the Honourable Lieutenant General Robert Monckton, deceased.

Mr. Knightleyreported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manors and Liberties of Piddington and Hackleton, in the Parish of Piddington, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee

Portsmouth

Writ,

Piddington

and

Maeklcton

Inclosure.

of Parliament, with respect to preventing the Importa- had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of tion and Running of Tea in this Kingdom, in Armed the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills

Poor Relief and Employment.

Vessels, having Letters of Marque or other Commissions from the Admiralty, was read a Second Time.

And the Bill having no Blank therein, nor any Amendment being proposed to be made thereto; Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for the belter Relief and Employment of the Poor, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Scotch

Militia.

of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 171 Acres 2 Roods and 24 Perches, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Quantity of Land to be inclosed is 1617 Acres 1 Rood and 6 Perches; and

be;'XrAa for ThebeUerbelief

*OrZkThat Mr. Gitortdo cart, the BH. to he

Lord., and desire ther Concurrence. ,„d he read the Report in his Places and aftermmk

The Marquis of Graham presented to the House* according to Order, a Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

filvth Marsh Road.

upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty's Reign, so far as the same relate to the Road from Blytli Marsh to the Road leading from

Afiborn to Buxton near Thorp, and from the Road between Cheadle and Leek to the Turnpike Road above Frogall Bridge, and from the same Road to the Road at or near Ruehill Gate, in the Counties of Stafford and Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty's Reign, so far as the same relate to the Road from Blyth Marsh to the Road leading from Ash-boi'n to Buxton newt {Thorp, and from the Road between Cheadle wad Leek to the Turnpike Road above Frogall

Vol. 38.

delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Sir Henry Fletcher reported from the Committee, East India to whom the Petition of the United Company of Company Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; and ^DdemBlty‘ also, the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the First-mentioned Petition, and had also examined the Matter of the Second-mentioned Petition; and that the Committee had directed him to report a State of the Fasts contained in the First-mentioned Petition, and also the Matter of the Second-mentioned Petition, as it appeared to them, to the Hou fe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Matter, of Fast contained in the First-mentkmed Petition is as followeth:

It appeared. That the East India Company became

1 a E indebted

10^4 2 7° Mali. A. 1781.

East Inaia indebted to His Majesty, for Customs on Goods im-CompaDy ported, in the several Sums mentioned in the Petit.ion,

1 y‘ which became due at the Times thereinalfo mentioned} and that if such Customs had been paid at the Times they became due, the Company would have been allowed a Deduction of £. 6 for; the

Discount allowed the Buyers at the Sale, and a further Deduction of £. 6 per Centum for Charges, from every £. ioo gross Value at the Sale, previous to carting the Customs thereon; but if not paid at the Tirtie, the Company would be liable to pay Interest at the Rate of £. 6 per Centum per Annum.

It also appeared. That by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for establishing an Agreement between the East India Company and the Public, it was

Enacted, That the Sum of£.400,000 should be paid into the Exchequer, at the Times and in the Proportions therein mentioned, the last of which Payments was of £. 100,000, and was to have been made on 1st December 1781, for the Use of the Public; and on Failure of Payment, the Company were thereby made liable to . Damages, at the Rate of £. 15 per Centum, on the Monies unpaid, with full Colls of Suit; and it was thereby further Enacted, That from the 1 ft Day of March 1781, the clear Profits of the said Company should bedisposed of and applied as follows; The Company were first to set apart in each Year such Sum as should be equal to £.8 per Centum per Annum upon the Company's Capital Stock of £. 3,"200,000, and in case there should be a Surplus, Three-fourth Parts of such Surplus should be set apart and applied for the Use of the Public, and the remaining Fourth Part thereof should be referred and retained for the Company's Use, and that it should be lawful for the Company to apply such Money as they were to retain for themselves, and other Money in the said Act mentioned, in the Payment of Dividends to the Proprietors of the Stock of the said Company, not exceeding £.12. 10s. pe; provided that the Company's Bond Debt did not at any such Time exceed £. 1,500,000, and provided they did not increase their present Dividend of£. 8 per Centum more than at the Rate of £. 1 per Centum in each Year: And in order to ascertain the said Yearly Profit, the Company were to cause to be made up Yearly for each Year, with as much Accuracy as the Nature of the same would admit, a Statement of the Profit and Loss upon the Whole of their Trade and Revenues, together with a State of the Debts of the Company in England, from the ill of March in every Year, to the ill Day of March in each succeeding Year; which said Account was to be signed and delivered to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, as therein is mentioned.

It also appeared, by an Account produced to your Committee, That the Profit upon the Whole of the Company's Trade and Revenues, from the ill of March 1781 to the ill of March 1782, did not amount to so much as a Dividend at the Ilate of A 8 per Centum, by the Sum of £.22,023: And it further appeared, That besides the Payments in that Account, there were other Debts due from the Company, which ought to have been paid previous to the ill of March 1782, which were postponed; viz.

The Customs on Goods imported, - 356,466 2 6

The last Payment of the £.400,000

to Government ----- - 100,000 — —

Freight and Demurrage - - - - 156,200 ——

Goods and Stores in the different

Departments - - - - 118,854 ——

It also appeared, That the 18 Ships mentioned in the Petition, in the ordinary Course ought to have arrived in Time for their Cargoes to have been fold and converted into Calli before the ill of March 1782, but that they did not arrive till 1781; by Means of

which late Arrival,- the Goods -could not be put up to Sale till after the ill o { March 1782.

It further appeared. That there are Three Species of Customs payable by the Company; One called Rated Customs, being on the Quantity of Goods imported; another, Unrated, which is paid ort the gross Amount of the Sales: The First are paid by Instalments, a Moiety in 6 Months after the Entry of the Ship at the Custom House, and the other Moiety at the Expiration of 12 Months after such Entry: The Unrated Customs are now payable within 3 Months after the Close of each Sale. The Third Species of Customs is, £. 15 per Centum on Mullins and Callicoes, payable within 20 Days after the Sale.

It also appeared, That £. 300,000, Part of the £. 400,000, has been paid to Government, agreeable to the said Act of the last Section; and that by Means of the late Arrival of the said 18 Ships, the Company were not enabled to pay the remaining £.100,000, and the Customs, at the Time they became due, and to continue the Dividend to the Proprietors at £. 8 per Centum, without borrowing Money for those Purposes; and that the Lords of the Treasury have postponed the Payment of the£. 100,000 to the ill of June next, and of the said Customs to the 21st of June.

It also appeared, That the Account directed to be made out by the said Act, by which the Dividend is to be made to the Proprietors, may not include the real Profits of the Company's Trade, and Territorial Pof-sessions, within the respective Year, if made for One Year only, but if made for Seven Years, such Account would be a fair Account of the real Profits of the Company's Trade, and Territorial Possessions, upon a Medium taken of the whole Seven Years; and that the general Balance of an Account for One Year, very much depends upon the Conduct of the Directors of the Company, as to the Quantity of Merchandize they shall put up to Sale, and the Times in which they shall stipulate to make their Payments, but such Balance could not be effected upon the Average of Seven Years.

In Support of the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition,

Mr. Thomas Morton, Assistant Secretary to the East India Company, produced Translations of the Grants made to the Company, of the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffh, in the East dated respectively

the 12th of August 1765.

It appeared. That previous to the obtaining those Grants, the East India Company, from their trading Stock in England, sustained Expences of Wars in India, to the Amount of upwards of Five Millions, and that they are now in Disburse on that Account beyond what the Company have received in , from the Terri-

torial Acquisitions and Revenues, to the Amount of the Suin of £. 3,600,000, and upwards, besides Interest.

It also appeared. That His Majesty's Ministers, on Behalf of the Public, having laid Claim to the said Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues, or to a Participation in the Profits thereof, an Agreement was made between the Public and the Company, for paying £.400,000 a Year to Government, for Two Years, from the iff of February 1767; and such Agreement was established by the Act llated in the Petition to have been made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign; and the like Agreement was afterwards continued for Five Years longer; by the Act also llated in the Petition, made in the Ninth Year of His said Majesty's Reign.

' It also appeared, That the Company, pursuant to the said Acts, paid fundiy Sums into His Majesty s Exchequer, amounting to £.2,165,358. 18*. i\d. in Satisfaction of the said Annual Payment of £. 400,000, from the said ill of February 1767 to the 5th of July 1772; when the said Payment ceased, by the Company being obliged to reduce their Dividends to the Proprietors to the Rate of Six per Centum.

It further appeared. That whilst the Company were

making

Debtois,

2-2 Geo. III. 270 'Mali.

1

making the said Payments to Government, they1 incurred large Debts in England,-, and in the Year 1772, such Debts amounted to the Sum of £.1,515,619, and upwards (besides the Company's Bond Debt) which they were not able immediately to jiay, without borrowing Money for that Purpose; and that thereupon^. 1,400,000 \vas lent to the Company by the Public, in such Manner as is mentioned in the Act, cftated in the Petition to have been made in the Thirteenth Year of I lis present Majesty's Reign; by which Act, Provision was made for Repayment of the said Loan, and for reducing the Company's Bond Debt to £. 1,500,000 ;. during which Time, the Public was to forego any Participation in the Profits5 of the said Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues.1

It further appeared, That the Company repaid the said Loan of £. 1,400,000, and afterwards, on or before the 24th ot' June 1 778, reduced their Bond Debt to or under the Sum of £. 1,500,000. And afterwards, by the Two several Acts dated in the Petition to be made in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, the Company, for the Term of Two Years, from the 5th of April 1779, were allowed to make Dividends to the Proprietors of the Stock of the said Company, at the Rate of Lightper Centum per Annum; after which, the whole clear Surplus of the said Revenues and Profits were to be reserved, and await a future Agreement, to be made between the Public and the Company.

It further appeared. That His Majesty's Miniders, on Behalf of the Public, claimed the Sum of £. 634,645, as Three-fourths of the Nett Profits made by the Company after the said Bond Debt was reduced as aforesaid; and that the Company refifted such Claim, but afterwards agreed to pay £.400,000 to the Use of the Public, as mentioned in the Ad dated in the Petition to have been made in the I a ft Session of Parliament, whereby it was Enact'ed, That the said £. 400,000 should be paid as follows; viz.

id September 1781 1 ft October 1781 id November 1781 id December 1781

It further appeared. That the Company duly made the Three Fil'd Payments, but that the lad Payment hath not yet been made.

It further appeared. That carrying up a State of the Company's Affairs to the id of September next, the Company will want about £. 400,000 to answer all their Payments in England, which are now known of, exclusive of such Bills as may be drawn from India in the mean Time.

It also appeared, by the lated Accounts received. That the Company's Bond Debts in India amount t.Q upwards of £ 2*500,000; and that the Company's Civil, Military, and Commercial Expences, far exceed the Annual Amount of thiir Revenues.

It also appeared, That since the Company obtained the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues, computing from 1767 to 1781, the Cudoms and Duties paid to Government have increased, upon a Medium, to the Amount of £. 300,000 per Annum more than they amounted to before the obtaining the said Acquisitions.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Cable of Lincoln, was presented to the Ho use, and read; Complaining of their Didress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Persons wilfully and maliciouOy destroying any Woollen, Silk, Linen, or Vol. 38.

Cotton Goods, or any Implements prepared for, or used woolier* in, the Manufacture thereof; and for repealing so much v *c.

of Two Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of King George Manufa&ur*. the Firstf and in fh6 Sixth* Ye^r of His present Majesty, as relates to the Punibmient of Persons destroyihgany

Woollen or Silk Manufactures, or any Implements prepared for, or used therein, was read the Third Time.'

Resolved, That the -Bih1 do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for pmiishing Persons wilfully and malicioiidv dedroythg any Woollen,- Silk, Linen,/ or Cotton Goods, or any Implements prepared for, pr used iri, the Mamifts&Ui'ethereof; and for repealing so much of Two Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of,-King George this Fird, and in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty,* as relates to the Punidiment of Persons <Je-droying any Woollen or Silk Manufactures, or any Implements prepared for, or used therein. *

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence;

The Lord Advocate of Scotland, from the Committee, \var the of Secrecy, appointed to enquire into the Causes of the Carnatic. War that now. fubfids in the Carnatic, and of the present Condition, of the British Possessions in thcife Parts, and to report the same to the House, with their Observations thereupon, informed the House, That the said Committee had directed him to lay before the House the following Papers, which, having been lately received by the Court of . Directors of the East India Company, in His Majesty's Sloop The Nymph, had been, by Order of the said Court of Directors, transmitted to the said Committee of Secrecy; viz.

Copy of a Narrative from the Governor General to Edward Wheler, Esquire, relative to the Affair at Benares, dated the 18th August 1781: And also,

Copy of the Second Narrative from the Governor General to Edward Wheler, Esquire, relative to the Affair at Benares, dated 29th September 178]: And also,

Copy Letter from Bengal in the Secret Department, 16th October 1781.

And the Lord Advocate of Scotland presented the said Papers to the House accordingly.

And the Titles of the said Papers w ere read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed,' as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongd the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. Printed Copies are with the Originals.

Sir George Yonge reported from the Committee, who Members riot were appointed to draw up Reasons to be offered to the to becon-Lords, at a Conference, for disagreeing to the Amend- Con-ment made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, tractSt An Act for redraining any Person concerned in any ContraQV Commission, or Agreement, made for the Public Service, from being elected, or dtting and voting as a Member of the House of Commons, which this House hath disagreed to; That the Committee had drawn up Reasons accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To the Fird, Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, and Seventh Amendments, made by your Lord blips to the Bill, intituled, An Act for redrawing any Persons concerned in any Contract, Cormtiiflion, or Agreement, made for the Public Service, from being elected or fitting and voting sts a Member of the House of Commons, the Commons do agree.

To the Sixth Amendment made by your Lorddiipsr. which is, tb insert the Words, "except fuqli Wares

"and

£. 100,000.

100.000.

100.000.

100.000.

Receiver# of Stolen Goods.

Member* not to be concerned in certain Contract#.

1026 270 — 28° Mail. A. 1782

and Merchandize as shall be of his own Growth, " Production, or Manufacture, and also except such " Houses, Warehouses, Lands, and Tenements, as shall cc be hired out, or contracted for, for the Service of the Public/' the Commons do disagree;

Because,

First, They cannot suggest to themselves any Reason for excluding from a Seat in the House of Commons, the Merchant, who shall furnish for the Public Service, those Wares and Commodities which the Course of his Dealings with Foreign Countries may enable him to do; which Reason is not equally applicable to the Farmer, the Grazier, the Grower of Timber, the Manufacturer, and every other Person deriving a Profit from the Rent of his Houses, Warehouses, or Lands — That undue Influence, which it is the Object of this Bill to destroy, resides equally in every Contract or Agreement that is made with the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any of the Public Boards; and therefore the Contractor under such Circumstances, of whatever Denomination he may be, ought equally to be retrained from being elected, or fitting and voting as a Member of the House of Commons.

Secondly, Another Reason, which induces the Commons to aifagree with this Amendment, is, that in their Opinion it gives great Opportunities for Fraud and Collusion, and opens a very wide Door for evading the principal Object of the Bill. — There are very many Articles furnished for the Public Service, which are of the Growth, ProduClion, and Manufacture of Great Britain, and it will be a very easy Matter for any Person furnishing these Articles, who wishes to be a Member of the House of Commons, to give them such a Colour and Appearance of their being of his own Growth, ProduClion, or Manufacture, as it will be extremely difficult, if not totally impossible to detect.

For these Reasons, the Commons hope that your Lordships, who have shewn your Approbation of the Principle of the Bill, will not insist upon an Amendment, which in their Opinion tends to render the Provisions of the Bill fruitless and nugatory.

The said Reasons being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir George Yonge do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

A Bill for the more easy Discovery and effectual Punishment of Buyers and Receivers of Stolen Goods, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir George Yonge reported to the House, That he having, according to Order, been with the Lords to desire a Conference upon the Subject Matter of the Amendments made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for restraining any Person concerned in any Contract, Commission, or Agreement, made for the Public Service, from being eleCied or fitting and voting as a Member of the House of Commons; the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same presently in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee who were appointed to draw up Reasons to be offered to the Lords, at a Conference, for disagreeing to the Amendment made by their Lordships to the said Bill, which this* House hath disagreed to, do manage the Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Dempster> Mr. Minchin, Mr. Hartley, and Sir Thomas Gaifcoigne, be added to the said Managers.

And the Names of the Managers were called over.

And they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Sir George Yonge reported. That the Managers had been at the Conference, which was managed by the Lord President of the Council on the Part of the Lords; and that they had delivered to the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to the Amendment made by their Lordships to the said Bill, which this House hath disagreed to; and had left the Bill and Amendments with their Lordships.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill, now ingrossed, to4 enable His Majesty to conclude a Peace or Truce with the revolted Colonies in North America, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrovr Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis, 28° die Maii;

Anno 22° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1782. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Trustees for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of John Neumhtrmy Esquire, in the Counties of Huntingdon, Middlesex, and Suffer, and in the Cities of London and Canterbury, to make an Indemnity to the Purchasers of certain Parts thereof, against the perpetual Annual Sums or Yearly Payments to which such Parts are liable, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stra-han, Mr. Ambler, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. „

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, in the room of John Macpherson, Esquire, whose Election for the said Borough has been determined to be void.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees a competent Part of the settled Estates of the most Noble Henry Duke of Newcastle, in the Parishes of Saint Clement Danes and Saint Giles in the Fields, for the Purpose of raising on Mortgage, or otherwise, such Sums of Money as shall be found expedient to be raised and applied for making and opening a new Street therein mentioned, from the Eall End of the New Church in the Strand to the South End of Stanhope Street, and for defraying all necessary Colls, Charges, and Expences attending the fame, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ambler,

Mr.

Bill to enable His Majesty to make Peice with America.

Way# andl Means.

Supply,

Newn ham's Estates.

Cricklade

Writ.

Duke of Newcaftlrt Estates.

22 Geo. III. a8°

Mr. Strahan, &c.: And they are to meet this After* noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

>ton Mr. Hhngerford reported from the Committee, to

the Hill whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the ' ° ure‘ Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Orton on the in the County of Leiresler, and the Lands within thaHing of the said Fields, reputed to belong formerly to the Abbey of Merevale, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the lJoufe, relative to Bills of Inclosure, bad been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conient to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of.

the Committee (except ----- , Widow, who is

' possessed of about 50 Acres, who, being applied to, laid, (he did not understand the Business, and wished to be neuter, but had no Objection to the Bill; and that the whole Property of the Lands to be inclosed is about 1000 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Wrapping Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom turet*. the Bill for explaining and amending Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, fot paving Wa Street, in the County of Middlesex, and the several Streets and Passages leading into the fame, and for other Purposes; and the other made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for opening Communications between Street

and Ratcliff Highway, and between Old Gravel Lane and Virginia Street, and for paving certain Streets in the Parishes of Saint George and Saint John of Wapping, in the County, and for other Purposes; and for extending the Provisions of the said Acts to other Parts of the said Parishes; and also for opening certain other Communications within the said Parish of Saint , was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had diverted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be i ingrossed.

trehouse Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the Sweets, Bill for paving, and freeing from Nuisances and Annoyances, the several Streets, Ways, and Places, within the Parish of Saint Anne, Limehouse, in the County of Middlesex, and Queen Street and London Street, in the Hamlet of Radcliffe, within the said Parish; and for making Carriage Ways into Billy's Bope Ground, and throughY/iow/der of Mutton and

to Three Colt Street, and from the Bridge in Rijby's Rope Ground into Three Colt Street aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allege* Vo l.38.

Mail 1027

tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through- the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjourn. House this Day, adjourn till Thursday Morning next. ment-

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, Committees, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

Mr. Knightley reported from the Commitfee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open j, Hadde-and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common ton Indo* Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lure, of and within the Manors and Liberties of

and Hackleton, in the Parish of Piddish the County of Northampton, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and that in consequence of the said additional Amendments being made, Mrs. Mary Wake, one of the Parties concerned, who had refused to sign the Bill, had now given her Consent thereto; and that her Property confiding of One hundred and Twenty-six Acres Two Roods and Twenty-four Perches, the Quantity of Property belonging to Parties difienting, is now reduced to Fifteen Acres in the said Open Fields, and One Cottage Common; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act of Smuggling this Session of Parliament, with respect to preventing °* the Importation and Running of Tea in this Kingdom, in Armed Vessels having Letters of Marque or other Commissions from the Admiralty, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act of this Session of Parliament, with respect to preventing t he Importation and Running of Tea in this Kingdom, in Armed Vessels having Letters of Marque or other Commissions from the Admiralty.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for Licensing Lottery Office Keepers, and re- LicenGnjr gulating the Sale of Lottery Tickets, was read a Second Lottery-Office Time. KceP

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Preventing Reading of the Bill for the better preventing Bribery Biibtry and Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Par- in E'ec, lons* liament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly 4

12 F The

Hanover

Square

Paving.

1028 23° Mail A. 1782.

The said Bill was read a Second Time. his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Re/blved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Mahon, Sir George Yonge, &c.: And they are to meet Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to tion Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the have Voices. House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to pre- Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the vent the Rates exceeding what has been already levied Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting Part of in any One Year.

the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the County of Middlefe.r, and for removing and preventing Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be Nuisancesand Annoyances therein, wascommitted; and made Part of the Bill.

to whom the Petition of Thomas Pitt, Esquire; and also Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be in-

the Petition of the Committee appointed for paving, re- grossed. pairing, cleansing, and lighting the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, within the Liberty of the Dutchy of Lancaf Mr. Greville reported from the Committee, to whom Portmin ter, in the County of Middlesex, and within the Liberty the Bill for the Improvement of Portman Square, in the of Westminster, pursuant to an Act, passed in the Ele- County of Middlesex, was committed; That the Com- pr° venth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, niittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and Au Ad to amend, and render more effectual, Feveral found the same to he true; and that the Committee had Acts made relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments " the Squares, Streets, Lanes,"and other Places, within thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the " the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adja- House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and af- cent;" and alfu the Petition of the Committee ap- terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, pointed for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting the in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, in the Liberty of West- Once read throughout; and then a Second lime. One minster, and County of Middlesex, pursuant to an Act, by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's upon, were agreed to by the House.

Reign, intituled, "An Act to amend, and render more Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

effectual, several Acts made relating to paving, ingrossed.

cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes,

44 and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill to eniUe

" Westminster, and Parts adjacent;" and also the Peti- Reading of the ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty to His Majesty tion of the Committee appointed for paving, repairing, conclude a Peace or Truce with the revolted Colonies pca^^ cleansing, and lighting the Parish oi'Saint Paul, Covent in North America, be now read. Amerfca.

Garden,'within the Liberty of JVepninster, pursuant to And the said Order being read accordingly; an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Majesty s Reign, intituled, "An Act to amend, and Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

44 render more effectual, several Acts made relating to be, An Act to enable His Majesty to conclude a Peace " paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, or Truce with certain Colonies in North America, there- Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty in mentioned.

44 of Westminster, and Parts adjacentand also the Pe- Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Fox do carry the Bill to

tition of the Committee appointed for paving, repair- the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, ing, cleansing, and lighting the Parish of Saint James,

within the Liberty of Westminster, pursuant to an Act, Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Re- East India passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's port, which was Yesterday made from the Committee, Company Reign, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more to whom the Petition of the United Company of Mer- cmnitJ* 44 effectual, several Acts made relating to paving, chants of England trading to the East Indies-, and also cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Englcmd trading to the East Indies, were severally refer- Westminster, and Parts adjacentand also the Peti- red, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the tion of the Committee appointed for paving, repairing, Members of the House. cleansing, and lighting the united Parishes of Saint Andrew Hnlborn, above the Bars, and Saint George the Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into East India Martyr, in the County of Middlesex, pursuant to an Act, Consideration the Report from the Committee of the passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's whole House, to whom it was referred to consider fur-Reign, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more ther of the several Reports which have been made from effectual, several Acts made relating to paving, the Committees of Secrecy, appointed in the lad and this cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, present Session of Parliament, relating to the Affairs of and other Places, within the City and Liberty of the East India Company, be now read.

44 Westminster, and Parts adjacentand also the Peti- And the said Order being read accordingly;

tion of the Committee appointed for paving, repairing, The House proceeded to take the said Report into

cleansing, and lighting the Parish of Saint Martin in the Consideration.

Fields, within the Liberty of Westminster, pursuant to an And the Resolutions of the Committee were read;

Ad, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Ma- and are as followeth; viz.

jesty's Reign, intituled,44 An Act to amend, and render Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, tC more effectual, several Acts made relating to paving, That the Orders of the Court of Directors of the East cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, India Company, which have conveyed to their Servants and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Abroad a prohibitory Condemnation of all Schemes of Westminster, and Parts adjacent;" were severally re- Conquelland Enlargement of Dominion, by prefenbing ferred; That the Committee had considered the said Pe- certain Rules and Boundaries for the Operation of their titions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, Military Force, and enjoining a ftrid Adherence to a and found the same to be true; and that the Com- Svllem of Defence upon the Principle of the Treaty of inittee had gone through the Bill, and made several Illahabad, were founded no less in Vifdom and Policy, Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him than in Justice and Moderation, to report to the House; and he read the Report iu fiejblvcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That

23 Geo. III. 2$° Maiu 1019

That every Transgression of those Orders, without evident Necessity, by any of the sevenfl British Governments in India, ha9 been highly represensible, and has tended in a chief Degree to weaken the Force and Influence, and to diminish the Resources, of the Company in those Parts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Imerference as a Party in the domestic or national Quarrels of the Country Powers, and all new Engagements with them in offensive Alliance, have been wifely and providently forbidden by the Company, in their Coirimands to their Administrations in India.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every nnnecessary or avoidable Deviation from those well-ad vised Rules, should be followed with very severe Represension and Punishment for it, as an In-hance of wilful Disobedience of Orders, and as tending to disturb and destroy that State of Tranquillity and Peace with all their Neighbours, the Preservation of which has been recommended as the First Principle of Policy to X\\e British Governments in India.

Ri'solved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Maintenance of an inviolable Character for Moderation, good Faith, and scrupulous Regard to Treaty, ought to have been the Ample Grounds on which the British Governments should have endeavoured to establish an Influence superior to that of other Europeans over the Minds of the Native Powers in India; and that the Danger and Discredit arising from the Forfeiture of this Pre-eminence, could not be compensated by the temporary Success of any Plan of Violence or Injustice.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That as any elsential Failure in the executive Conduct of the Supreme Council or Presidencies would make them justly liable to the mofl serious Ani-madveriions of their Superiors; so should any Relaxation, without sufficient Cause in these Principles of good Gov ernment, on the Part of the Directors themselves, bring upon them, in an heavier Degree, the Resentment of the Legislative Power of their Country, which alone can iutcrpole an effectual Correction to t he general Miirule.

Rtf)(red. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, T'liiit the Conduct of the Company and their Servants in India to the King and Nudjiff Caion, with respectto the Tribute payable to the one, and the Stipend to the other, and with respect to the Transfer of the Provinces of Corah and ILlahabab to the Vizier, was contrary to Policy and good Faith; and that such wife and practicable Measures should be adopted in future, as may tend to redeem the National Honour, and recover the Confidence and Attachment of the Princes of India.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That too strong a Confirmation cannot be given to the Sentiments and Resolutions of the Court of Directors, and of the Court of Proprietors of the East India Company, in Condemnation of the Rohilla War: That the Conduct of the President and Select Committee of Bengal appears, in almost every Stage of it, to have been biassed by an unreasonable and unjust Partiality to the Vizier, to transgress their own as well as the Company's positive and repeated Regulations and Orders: That the Extermination of the Rohillaswas not necessary for the Recovery of Forty Lacks of Rupees; and that, if it was expedient to make their Country a Barrier against the Maratlas, there is Reason to believe^hatthis might have been etfeCied by as easy and by a less iniquitous Interference of the Government of Bengal, which would at the same Time have preservd the Dominion to the rightful Owners, and exhibited an attentive Example of Jt'ftice as well as Policy to all India.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Company's Servants in their Presidency of Bombay, were guilty of very notorious Instances of Disobedience to the Orders of their Employers, as well in

Vol. .38.

the Proceedings against the &at>dt) of firoticti, as in the Commencement of the Maratta War* by the Seizure of the Islands of Saljette and Caranja.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee; That the Court of Directors madeufe of very strongEjcpreffions to communicate their With of acquiring those Islands, and the Fortress of Boffein; and although in the Month of April 1775, previous to the Receipt of Intelligence that Salfette was taken, they Very explicitly confined their Servants at Bombay to Measures of Nego-ciation, as the only Means they authorized for making the Acquisition; yet, after Knowledge of the Event, they do not seem to have signified any Displeasure at the Transaction, or any farther Anxiety than about the Preservation of the Conquest; and that the Court of Directors, in this Instance, gave Countenance and Sanction to the very Measure they had themselves so pointedly condemned, and are therefore so far chargeable with the Responsibility of it.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in forming an offensive Alliance with Ragoba, the Government of Bombay violated the Orders of the Company against any Connections of that Nature, and against any Interference in the Quarrels of the Native Powers; that they undertook, without a Certainty of an adequate Revenue, or a sufficient Military Force, and without proper Communication with the superior Government, upon which they were to depend for Sanction and Support, to place that Chief on the Mufnud at Poona, and thereby to involve themselves in a Wac with the ruling Ministers of the Maratta State; while Ragoba himself was not in the mean Time able to give the CompanyfecurePoffeflion of any of the Grantshe had made to them for the Purchase of their Assistance.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Measures taken by the Majority, which then consisted of Messieurs Clavering, Monson, and Francis, in the Government of Bengal, for the Restoration of Peace, \vere wife and just in their Principle, and comformable to the Spirit of the Company's Orders, notwithstanding that their Method of Interference was not afterwards approved of by the Court of Directors.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Terms of the Treaty concluded by Colonel Upton at Poorunder, in the Beginning of March 1776, were honourable and advantageous to the Company; when the Circumstances of the Rife and Progress of the War, the Want of Resources for carrying it on, the State of the contending Parties, the Inftrndions of the Superior Council, and the general Sentiments of the Company, are attended to.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That the Perseverance of the Superior Government, in directing the Execution of the Articles of Accommodation, was judicious and commendable, notwithstanding that the Presidency of Bombay protested against them as inadequate and highly injurious to the Reputation, Honour, and Interests of the Company; and that the Court of Directors, in their Letter of the 15th December 1775, which reached Calcutta on the 1 ft, July 1776, declared their Intentions of keeping all Territories and Possessions ceded to the Company by the Treaty concluded with Ragoba

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the President and Council of Bombay, in granting an Asylum to Ragoba, after the Qonclufion of the Treaty of Poorunder, did not thereby commit any direct Infringement on the Stipulations of that Treaty, provided they had taken no other offensive Measure in Support of his Cause; and it appears that this Conduct coincided with the Sentiments and Instructions of the Court of Directors, who made the personal Safety of Ragoba one of the Conditions of their Acquiescence in the Treaty of Poorunder.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Court of Directors, by the Letters to Bengal of,

5th

East Indist Affairs;

1030 28° Mail. A. 1781.

East India 5th February, ami to Bombay of 16th ^/>r/7 1777, mani- posed Projefls of the French in Conjunction with the Affairs. fefte(j some Dissatisfaction at the Terms of the Treaty Marat fas, as to risk the certain Expence and uncertain* of Poor under, as it had not procured for the Company Event of such an Undertaking, the Surrender of Bqfftin, and gave very strong Encou- Resolved, That it does not appear to this Committee, ragementto both Presidencies to I'eize the (lighted Pre- to have been a necessary or adviseable Means for defence of Provocation from the Ministers to renew their feating the supposed Projects of the French, to depart Engagement with Ragoba. from the settled Maxim of the Company's Policy, and

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That to hazard the Consequence of an offensive Alliance with the Proportions of the Governor General, recorded on the Rajah of Berar, for the avowed Purposeofrecover-the 26th January 1778, were ev idently founded on these ing for him the Conquests made by the Nizam, and of Sentiments of the Court of Directors, contained De- uniting the dangerous Powers of the Maratta Empire . mands on xheMaratta Administration greatly exceeding under one active Command.

the Conditions of the Treaty of Poorunder, and opened Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That

the first Ddign of fending a Detachment from Bengal the Nizam, in the Month of July 1778, warned the to the Malabar Coast. Governor General, as he had before done the Governor'

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, of Madras, in the most unequivocal Manner, of tho That the Resolution of the Majority of the Supreme Nature of his Connexions with the Poona Government, Council, on the 2d February 1778, which, by the Death and of the hostile Part which he should take against the of Colonel Monson, was now decided by the calling Company, in consequence of the Support they might Voice of the Governor General, had a strong Tendency give to the Pretensions of Ragoba; And that it further to a Renewal of the Maratta War; because it gave a appears, that he engaged to infill upon the Execution SanClion and Confirmation to the Resolution of the of the Treaty of Poorunder, and to take Part with the Bombay Council of the 10th and 12th December pre- Company against the Maratta Ministers, ifthey should ceding, to co-operate with a Confederacy of some of be found to give any Countenance or Encouragement the Maratta Mmillers, in carrying Ragoba to Poona. to the French.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Resolved, That is the Opinion of this Committee, the Court of Directors, in their Letter of 4th July That a more certain Means of completing the Stipula-1777, to the President and Council of Bombay, enjoined tions of the Treaty of Poorunder, and a more wife, safe, them to pay a {trick Adherence to the Treaty of Poo- and honourable Plan of Defence against the Machina? runder; but gave them, at the same Time, Orders to tions of the French, might have been effected at that obey the Directions of the Superior Council, who were Period, than either an offensive Alliance with the Rajah, poftWfed of a discretionary Licence to resume the Cause of Berar, or any active Interference in Favour of Rago* of Ragoba; and that the Proceedings of the Governor naut Row.

General and Council, on the 23d March 1778, and the Resolved, That is the Opinion of this Committee,

Letter written in consequence, containing Instructions . That, under all the Circumstances of the Times, it was to the Adin ini ft ration at Bombay, amounted to a virtual not only unnecessary but impolitic, to take any Mea-Encouragement, as well as Authority to them, " to sures conducive to a Re-commencement of Hostilities " form a new Alliance with Ragoba, and to engage with against the Marattas, without a Certainty of the Friend-him in any Scheme they should deem expedient and {hip and Concurrence of Hyder Ally, and the effectual u safe for retrieving his Affairs." Support of a powerful Party in the Poona Government;

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That a and that therefore the Resolutions of the President and French Agent had been received at Poona, in the Be- Select Committee of Bombay, on the 21st July, and the ginning of the Year 1777,anc* ^at Negociations were conditional Approbation sent by the Superior Board, on supposed to be thenceforward carried on between him the 17th Aitgujl 1778, were so far represensible. and the Maratta Government, of a Tendency inimical Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, to the British Interests; that General Clawing had de- That the Proceedings and Resolutions of the President dared his Opinion, cc That all the Acts of tire Bombay and Majority of the Select Committee of Bombay, on " Presidency had been so manifestly hostile to the Ma- the 12th October 1778, and the military Operations' " ratta State, he was not surprized at their Endeavour undertaken in Consequence of them, were ralli, unauto form Connections with the French, to protect thorized, and impolitic, and therefore highly representhemselves against such unfriendly and unjustifiable fible; because the Situation and Circumstances of their ' " Proceedings;" That Colonel Upton had ascribed to own Strength and Resources, the Uncertainty of Sup-the Presidency of Bombay, the Blame of Delay and Ob- port from the Bengal Detachment, the Improbability of struction to the Conclusion of the Treaty; and had any material Aid from a Party in favour of Ragoba, and given his Opinion, " That, when all the Conditions of his reluctant Consent to the Terms prescribed for his " it should be carried into Execution, the French In- ownConduct, concurred in rendering the Expedition to " trigues at the Maratta Durbar would no longer give Poona a very dangerous and unpromifmgEnterprize.

<l any Alarm; and that, if a Minister from the Superior Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That u Council was sent to reside there, which the Peftiwa the Court of Directors, in their Letter of 27th May " and the Ministers had ever requested, the Interest of 1779, gave a warm Approbation to the Treaty and the Company, with the Poona Government, would Neguciation formed with Ragoba, for the Purpose of an " be secured against every Attempt to supplant it/' Expedition to Poona, and gave it a decisive Preference RefalvedfYhdX it appears to this Committee, That over every Connection with the Rajah of Berar, which the Governor General, on the ill June 17785 pmfefied might set alide or counteract it. his Resolution of supporting Ragoba, as a mere Instru- Resolved That it appears to this Committee, That ment for defeating the Projects of the French, and of as well the Undertaking as the Failure of the Expedi-giving Security and Permanency lo the Peace of the tion, were attended with the most unfortunate and dif-SettlementofBombay: That, on Receipt of Accounts treflingCircumstances for the Company's Affairs; and from Europe, of a Rupture with France, the Majority of that as the Support of Ragoba had shaken the Confi-the Board, on a Motion of the Governor General, re- dence of the Native Princes in our good Faith, the solved upon a Dqiutation to Bm/r, to form an offensive Defeat of the Enterprize lessened their Idea of our Alliance with the Rajah. Power, and that, in consequence thereof, their Iuclina- '

Resolved, That is the Opinion of this Committee, tions and Hopes were incited and encouraged to hostile Thar any Support of Ragoba, iuconfiftent with the Opposition against us.

Treaty of Poorunder, does not appear to have been so Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That necessary or adviseable ft Means for defeating the sup- another distressing Consequence of the Engagement' 18 with

22 Geo. III.

'with Ragoba, and the unfortunate Issue of the Expedi-

tion, was the Necessity of having llecourse to Subterfuge at the Time of the Convention at Worgaum, and to subsequent Disavowal by the Superior Council, to evade the Peiformance of the Articles of Convention.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Sir Eyre Coote, in his Letter of the 18th January 1779, condemned the Conduct of the Two Presidencies of Bengal aiul Bombay, and with good Reason denounced the probable bad Consequences of the Expedition to Poona, and of the March of the Detachment " which " was fenl from Bengal at an iromenfe Expence, and " could produce nothing but Distress to the Company, not to say Dishonour to the Nation, whether

iuccefeful or not."

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the President and Selecl Committee of Fort Saint in their Letter of 7th February 1779, with no less forcible Reason, denounced the like fatal Consequences of these Measures, and Juilly pointed out the alarming Influence which the ill-timed and unfortunate Euterprize from Bombay might have on the Minds of the Country Powers, to the Prejudice of the Interests;

that they foresaw with Justice that it might operate as an Encouragement to Hyder Ally " openly to refill the " proposed Attempt on Make that there was therein great Foundation for their Apprehensions of the unfavourable Impression which those Measures and Events might fix in the Disposition of the Nizam, already biassed against the Company; that they represented, with Truth,\ the Danger to which, in those Circum-liances, their Northern Circars would be exposed, should the Nizam be induced to venture upon Hostilities against them; that they therefore, with provident Policy, resolved to fend a Rsfident to his Durbar, who might have the bed Intelligence of his Temper and Motions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the first ostensible Defigti of the Deputation to Hyderabad was perverted to a raoft impolitic and diflio-nourable Purpose, by the Steps taken for obtaining a Relinquishment of the Pelhcufli, and, as such, tended rather to inflame than compose the Resentment of the Nizam; which Conduct was the more unpardonable in the President and Select Committee of Fort Saint George, because they had apprehended, with such early and just Forefight, the dangerous Effects of his Diflatisfaction, and the Necessity of averting it.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Motives, as well as Success of the Nizam's Instigations, to form and animate a Confederacy of the great Country Powers against the British Possessions in India, and the calamitous Events which ensued, may be properly attributed both to the unjustifiableProceedings against the Maratta Government, and to the Conduct of the Madras Presidency, in regard to the Pelhcufli and the Guntoor Circar.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Instructions and Powers given to Colonel Goddard by the Superior Council, on 5th April 1779, fiXQd on them, from that Time, the chief Direction and Respon-fibility of the Treaty and War with the Marattas.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That whatever Backwardness was afterwards manifested by the Maratta Ministers to any Accommodation, unless upon very hard and humiliating Terms to the Company, must be ascribed as well to their too realoDable Diffidence in our Sincerity, as to their advantageous Pretensions from the Convention of , and the

well-known Discontent or Enmity which our Conduct had raised in other Powers against us.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Expences of the War, and especially of the Detachment sent to the Malabar Coast, were felt and acknowledged to be, in a very serious Degree, distressing to the Reffga/Government, and greatly over-balanced every Voi. 38,

1031

probable Advantage from Success, even before the Ir» ruption of Hyder Ally into The Carnatic made the Misfortune of being engaged at the same Time in such a War with the Marattas more calamitous and alarming.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That immediately upon Advice of the Success of Hyder Ally in The Carnatic, the Governor General and Council gave Proof of the readiell and most important Exertions for the Assistance of the Presidency of and took

immediate Measures with a View to obtain Peace with the Marattas, and to regain the Friendship of the

Nizam.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it must be reckoned amongst the many additional Mischiefs which have arisen chiefly from this improvident War with the Marattas to the Company's A flairs, that the Military Force of The Carnatic had been weakened by Reinforcements sent to the Malabar Coast; that the Bengal Government have been under the Necessity ofsupporting, on their Confines, the Army of a Fower, confederated, however involuntarily, against them; that they have been obliged to sue for the Mediation of the same Power (the Rajah of Berar) have submitted to a Refusal, and purchased at last an uncertain, because apparently an unauthorized Treaty, on most extravagant and dishonourable Conditions, with his Son Rajah Chimnajee; and finally, that, being burthened

with the Expences of a variety of distant Expeditions, while their Allies are in Distress, and their Tributaries under Oppression, there is also an alarming Deficiency in their own Resources of Revenue and Commerce, by the Accumulation of their Debt and the Reduction of their Investment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Attempt made by the Government General, in the Month of January 1781, to form an Engagement of Alliance, offensive and defensive, with the Dutch East India Company, by the Means, and upon the Terms Hated in the Proceedings of their Council, was unwarranted, impolitic, extravagant, and unjust.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That, according to the last official Dispatches from Bengal, dated 15th May 1781, the Prospect of Peace was not then propitious, because it did not seem to be wished for by the Marattas upon the Terms proposed, £nd because the Government of Bengal, not thinking it de* firable, without obtaining even additional Advantages, had reprobated the System of Defence which the Presidency of Bombay wished to have adopted; and that the Conduct of the Government General, as far as it might tend to procraflinateAccommodation with th was evidently injurious to the Interests of the Company and to the Nation.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Government General had been previously in possession of a Letter from the Duan of the Rajah of Berar, containing Overtures for Mediation for Peace, and Alliance with the Pefhwa; and that this material Information was wholly suppressed by them in their Dispatches to the Court of Directors, but a Copy of it was sent by the same Conveyance to the private Agent of Mr. Hafings; and that in thus neglecting to make immediate Communication to the Court of Directors of such important Intelligence, the Government General appear to have failed in an essential Part of their. Duty.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Court of Directors, in their latest Dispatches, have given Instructions, which, if duly obeyed by their Governments in India, may have already perfected the desirable Work of Peace; and that every Encouragement and Assistance which may be thought necessary, should be given by Parliament to expedite the Accomplishment of it: " iriiat the Principle of Pacification may be extended as soon as possible to a general Restoration of

12 G "Tranquillity

28° Mail

East India Affafw

Haft J ill Ariahi.-

1031 28° Mail. A- 17B2.

u ‘Tranquillity with all the neighbouring Powers, on 11 Terms of the most perfect'Moderation, in order that " the Honour of the Nation may he retrieved, and the several Governments may be able to leiTen their own " insupportable Charges, and to relieve their Friends u and Allies from additional Expences and Oppressions incurred on account of War; and also that they may " be able to exert their whole Force again (I I lie mitional Enemies, if the Continuance of European " Troubles should make it necessary."

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the Purpose of conveying entire Convifl ion to the Minds of the Native Princes, that to commence Hostilities without just Provocation against them, and to pursue Schemes of Conquest and Extent of Dominion, are Ivleaftires repugnant to the Wish, the Honour, and the Policy of this Nation; it is the Duty of the Court of Directors, in Conformity to the Sense expressed by this House, forthwith to recall such Member or Members of their principal Presidencies as appear to have been chiefly concerned in wilfully acting upon a System tending to inspire a reasonable Dilirull of the Moderation, Justice, and good Faith of the British Nation.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That if any Perfotis, in Violation of the Public Faith given by the East India Company in the Year 177.5, and contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the several Resolutions of this House of the apth of April last, have taken in Sequestratiun or otherwise the Revenues of Tanjore into the Management of the Nabob of Arcot, or of the East India Company; it is the Duty of the Court of Directors forthwith to order the said Revenues to he returned to the Administration of the King of Tanjore, agreeable to the Treaties of the Years 1762 and 1775.

"Hie Forty-three first Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

- The Forty-fourth Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words " it is the Duty of the Court " of Directors, in Conformity to the Sense expressed by " this House, forthwith to recall such Member or M Members of their principal Presidencies, as appear " to have been chiefly concerned in wilfully acting " upon," and inserting the Words " the Parliament of " Great Britain should give some signal Mark of its " Displeasure against those, in whatever Degree entrusted with the Charge of the East India Company's Affairs, who shall appear to have wilfully adopted or % t countenanced," instead thereof.

And the Question being pur, That the Words " it is " the Duty of the Court of Directors, in Confoimity to " the Sense expressed by this House, forthwith to recall " such Member or Members of their principal Presidelities, as appear to have been chiefly concerned " in wilfully acting upon," fund Part of the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " the

Parliament of Great Britain should give some signal i.M Mark of its Displeasure against those, in whatever " Degree entrusted with the Charge of the East India " Company's Affairs, who shall appear to have wilfully " adopted or countenanced," instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended, That, for the Purpose of conveying entire Convifrion to the Minds of the Native Princes, that to commence Hostilities without just Provocation against them, and to purlue Schemes of Conquest and Extent of Dominion, are M-eafures repugnant to the With, the Honour, and the

Policy of this Nation, the Parliament of Great Britain should give some signal Mark of its Displeasure against those, in whatever Degreeentruflod with the Charge of the East India Company's Affairs, who shall appear to hav,e wilfully adopted or countenanced a System tending to inspire a reasonable Distrust of the Moderation, Justice, and good Faitli of the British Nation.

1 lie subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That Warren Ha fling Esquire, Governor General of Bengal, and William Hornby, Esquire, President of the Council at Bombay, having, in fundrv In-llances, acted in a Manner repugnant to the Honour and Policy of this Nation, and thereby brought great Calamities on India, and enormous Expences on the East India Company, it is the Duty of the Directors of the said Company to pursue all legal and effectual Means for the Removal of the said Governor General and Pre-fidenfc from their respective Offices, and to recall them to Great Britain.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that the Maratta Government of Poona, in the Thirteenth Article of the Treaty made by Colonel Upton, declared, that the Chout of Bengal and its Dependencies had, for Time out of Mind, been Part of the Jaghire of the Boiinfelloi they therefore could not withdraw it; hut if the said Bounfetlo, or any of his Descendants or Successors, or any other Person, should cause Disturbances, by claiming or demanding the Chout on Bengal or its Dependencies, they did engage never to affilt them themselves, or permit any Mar alt a Chief, dependant on them or the Rnjahfiiip, to give them any Assistance; and that the Governor and Council General of Bengal did not think it advi(cable to accept the Concessions made by this Article, and agreed therefore that it should be left out of the Treaty, and Colonel Upton was directed to decline any Explanation upon it; but, if that could not he avoided, to inform the Maratta Mmillers, that their Reason for omitting it was, an Apprehension that it might be underltooood to contain an Acknowledgment of a Right which did not exist, and which they concluded the Maratta Ministers themselves had ho Thoughts of infilling on when they proposed such an Article.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Rajah Moodagee Boojlah, in a Let ter to Mr. Hajtings, Governor General of Bengal, made a speeific Demand of Fourteen Lacks of Rupees per Annum, as a Tribute due from Bengal to him; and which Tribute he declared was acquired by his Ancestors, and vested in himself by Inheritance.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That the Governor General of Bengald\d pay to Moodagee Boojlah, Rajah of Berar, and to his Son Ghimnajce, certain Sums of Money, to the Amount of Twenty-six Lacks of Rupees, under the Denomination of Subsidy or Loan.

Resolved, That the Payment of any Sums of Money to Moodagee Boojlah, or to his Son Ghimnajce, under the Denomination of Subsidy, and Hill more if advanced as a Loan, whilst his Army was on the Frontiers of Bengal, may be considered as an actual Acknowledgment of his Claim of Tribute from the Provinces of Bengal; which Claim is not founded, and ought not, directly or indirectly, to be acknowledged.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of the State of the Coinage of Money in this Kingdom, and the Expences incident thereto, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, he now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly ;! '

Ordered, That the ftiid Report be taken into farther

Consideration,.

Coinage*

22 Geo. III. 28° — 36° Maiu 1033

Consideriitiort upon this Day Fortnight, tire 1 tth Day of June next.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next, Ten of lire Clock.

jovisy30° Maii;

Anno 22° Georgii III'" Regh, 1782. Prayers.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and M r. ll etl:

Mr. Speaker,

Tl ic Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for 11 re Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two; and forconsoli-dating certain Annuities which were made One Joint Stock by tin Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majest v King George the Secpnd, with certain Annuities consolidated by several Acts made in tire Twenty-fifth, Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirty-first, Thirty-second, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his laid late Majesty, and several fub-sequentAfts; without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An ^Stamp1* Act for charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of Duties. Exchange, Proroifl'ory Notes, or other Notes, payable otherwise than upon Demand; without any Amendment.

And then the Meflfengers withdrew.

Orton on the -An 'ngro^e^ Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Hill the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and In cloture. Commonable Places, in the Parish of the

Hill, in the County of I.eicester, and the Lands within the Ring of the said Fields, reputed to belong formerly to the Abbey of was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Commonable Places, in the Pari I'll of Orton on the in the County of Leicester, and the Lands within the j Ring of the said Fields, reputed to belong formerly to

the Abbey of Merevale.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill

to the Ix>rds, and desire their Concurrence.

1

Mr. Ekvesreported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ' ElUttt. for veiling Part of the Estates of Robert late Earl of Holder neffe, deceased, in the County of in Truf-

tees, for a Term of Years, for railing and Payment of the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, charged by the Will of the said Earl on his said Estates, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in-at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Elwes do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Vol. 38.

vipply Bill;

cbtqiicr Bills.

Sale of an Annual Fee Farm Rent of One hundred Ely Estates a Pounds, payable to the See of Ely out of certain HolWrai Estates in and near Hatton Garden, in the County of Middlesex, and for applying the Money to arise from inch Sale in Manner therein mentioned, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Part ies concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's -Table.

And Notice being taken that His Majesty's Interest is concerned in the said Bill;

Lord John Cavendish, by His Majesty's Command; acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned; that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Re/ulved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Elwes do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, w ithout any Amendment.

An ingrossVd. Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting . Wookey certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and Indoiure, being within the Parish of Wookey, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz,

Pr. 10.'1. 4. After " Months" to insert "next " after their Appointment as aforesaid." .

Pr. 40. I.36. Afterthefirft"the" to insert "said;" and to leave out from " Lord " to "that" in Line 40, and insert " Bishop and his Successors," jn-stead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parish of Wookey, in the County 0/

Somerset.

Ordered, Tlrat Sir John Trevelyan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the Improvement of Portman _

Square,-in the County 0 (Middlesex, was read the Third square Time. Improvement

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 15. J. 1. To leave out "said;" to leave outFourth", and insert " Fifth" instead thereof; and to leave out " June" and insert " March" in-Head thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Improvement of Portman Square, within the Parish of Saint Mary-le-Bone, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Greville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Debtors now confined in Debt*. Chelmsford Gaol, in the County of Essex, waspresented to the House, and read; Complaining of their DistreCs, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Countess *f Oxford's tUUtes.

Motion re-fpcding the recall of Ad< miral Rod-Bey.

Royal Alient to Bills.

I°34

30° Mail

A. 1782.

Lord George Cutendish reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Freeholds and Inheritance in Fee of Part of the Estates heretofore of the Right honourable Henrietta Cavendish Holies, Countess of Oxford and Countess Mortimer, deceased, in Trustees, iu Trull, to sell and dispose of so much thereof as may be sufficient to pay off and discharge the Debts, Legacies, and other remaining Incumbrances affecting the Whole of the Estates late of her the said Countess, which were devised by her Will, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, iu at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Hr. 55. 1. 8. Leave out " Annuities And Yearly " Sums."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do

pass.

Ordered, That Lord George do carry the

Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment; to which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

The House was moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 6th Day of May 1762, " That " the Thanks of this House be given to Rear Admiral " Rodney, for the Services he has done to his King and " Country in The West Indie; and that Mr. Speaker " do signify the same to him," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 29th Day of February 1780, "That the Thanks of this House be given to " Admiral Sir George Brydges RoBaronet, for the M late signal and important Services he has rendered to " his King and Country; and that Mr. Speaker do " signify the same to him," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Entries in the Votes of the House, of the 2 2d Day of this Instant May, " That the Thanks of this House be given to Sir " George Brydges Rodney, Barouet, Knight of the most " honourable Order of the Bath, for his able and gallant Conduct in the late most brilliant and deciflve n Victory obtained over the French Fleet in The West " Indies by the Fleet under his Command and also,

" That the Thanks of this House be given to Rear

Admiral Sir Samuel Hood, Rear Admiral Drake,

Commodore Affleck, and Sir Charles Douglas, and to " the several Captains and Officers of the Fleet under the Command of Sir George Brydges Rodney, for their Bravery and gallant Conduct on the said late most " glorious Occasion; and that Sir George Brydges

" tiey do signify the same to them," might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the imme-

diate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers; where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterburyjhe. Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Duke of Richmond, and the Lord Ashburton, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two; and for consolidating certain Annuities which were made One Joint Stock by an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, with certain Annuities consoliduted by several Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth, Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirty-first, Thirty-second, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his laid late Majesty, and several subsequent Acts:

An Act for charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, payable otherwise than upon Demand:

An Act for confirming, and carrying into Execution, certain Agreements entered into by John Pitt, Esquire,

Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests, with benjamin Planner, and others, relating to certain Waste Lands, and other Lands, in the Parish of Egham, in the County of Surrey, and for veiling the same in the said John Pitt and his Heirs, in Trull for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and to effectuate the other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for discharging Part of the settled Estates of John Burridge Cholwich, Esquire, in the County of Devon, from the Uses and Trulls of his Marriage Settlement, and for settling other Estates in the said County in lieu thereof:

An Act for discharging the Manor of otherwise Evenley, and divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Imley, otherwise Evenley, aforesaid, and elsewhere in the County of Northampton, Part of the Ellate of Sir Francis Bajfet, of Tehidy Park, in the County of Cornwall, Baronet, from the Uses, Estates, and Trulls, declared, concerning the same, in and by the last Will and Testament of Francis Bajfet, late of Tehidy Park aforesaid, Esquire, deceased, and for settling another Manor, and other Lands and Hereditaments of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Newton,

Esquire, with Catharine Seymour, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Motioa «-posed, That it appears to this House, by the" Ad million ipetfingihe of His Majesty's Confidential Servants, that Admiral Pigot isfentto The West Indies, to take the Command ney-of His Majesty's Ships and Vessels employed there, in the room of Sir George Brydges Rodney.

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion

23 Geo. III.

3 o°~ 310 Mail.

1035

lotion for A Motion was made, and the Question being put, a Person That Lawrence Sulivun, Esquire, do, Tomorrow Morn*

oattend, ing, attend the Committee of the whole House, to

whom it i» referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

It passed in the Negative.

The Orders of the Day being read; sport at ton llcjblvcd, That this House will, upon this Day Se-

at Hops. vennight, resolve itfolf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for encouraging the Exportation of Hops, o f Brit ijhGrowth; to and for Ireland by Way of Merchandize.

t

Militia Ordered, That the Bill to explain and amend so much

Fine*. ofan Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, " and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several *' Laws now in being, relating to the railing and train-r " ing the Militia within that Part of Great Britain " called England" as relatesto Persons refusing or nb* glebing to serve in the Militia, paying the Sum of Ten Pounds, being liable to serve again at the Expiration of Three Years, he read a Second Time upon Morning next.

Licrwtlnr Resolved, That this Tloufe will, To-mpfrow Momt

l.otiery ing, resolve itfolf into a Committee of the whole House;

office; upon the Bill for licensing Lottery Office Keepers,-and

Keepers, n^ulating the Sale of lottery Tickets.

And then die House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris31*

Antio 220 Georgii III1" Kegis, 1782.

Prayers

Limebnafe A 'n£r°fire^BiII for paving and freeingfromNiji-^trceu> Jfv lances and Annoyances, the several Streets, Ways, and Places, within the Parish Anne Limehonjb,

in the County of Middlesex, ami Queen Streettmd London Street, in the> Hamlet of 11 within the said

Parish , ami for making-Carriage Ways into Rijby's Hope Ground, and through Shoulder of Mutton Alley and Ropemakers Fields to Three Cult , and from the

Bridge in <Rifby'sRope Ground into Three Colt Street aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

llrfalved. That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for paving, and freeing from Xuil'ances and Annoyances, the several Streets, Ways, and Places, within the Parish of Saint Anne, in the County of Middlesex, and Queen Street and London Street, in the Hamlet of Ralclifie, within the said Parish; and for making

Ways or ' Streets into the Street called, Rope

Ground, and throu gh or across

and a Street called R to Three Celt Street, and from the Bridge in the said Street called Rifby's. liopcGronnd into Three aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Byw)j do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Adjournment. Resolved That this House, will, at the: Rising of the

House this Day, adjourn till Morning next.

Receivers of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House 8,"'en to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House-,

0 *" upon the- Bill for the moreealy Discovery and effectual Ptuiishment of Buyers and Receivers of Stolen Goods, be now read.

And - the said Order being read accordingly;

I The*-House- resolved itself into the said Committee, Vol. 33.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stanley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

M r. Stanley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive-the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon!

Morning next.

..... , 1

Mr. Ambler reportedfiopa the Committee, to whom Stanhope the Petition of the most noble H Duke of New-cdfile, and the humbde Petition of the several Owners and Occupiers of Houses and, Estates within the Parishes of Saint Clement Danes and Saint Mary le Strand, in the Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are there-

unto subscribedv'on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him tore-report the famey as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Glerk's Table; Where the.lame was read; and isias followed); yiz.

To prove the Allegations of the said-Petition, John Jackson, Esquire, being examined,.said, Tihat there is at present no direct Communication between the South End of Stanhope Street in the said Parish of Saint Clement Danes, and the Neighbouring Streets called Holy-toell Street and The Strand; and that the Communications between the South End of Stdnhope, Street afore-saidaod Wyche Street, and: between the North End of Stanhope Street and Wylde Street, are very, narrow and incommodious, and are uhfafe for Fallen gers and Carriages: And that it would contribute much to public Convenience, and to the Improvement of the Estates within the said Parishes, if lafe and commodious Communications were opened.between the said Stree?s and Places ;.and that the same may now be more easily effected, as many Houses between the South End of Stdnhope .'Streetaforesaid find, the Stranhava lately been burnt down; but that it will be necessary, in order to make and open the said Comm uni cations. to take down certain Houses and other BuiWinga'within the said Streets. >c

And, the Witness addedi. That, the, Duke, ofi ArWr cqfile is. willing and desirous. at his own Expence, to make and open such Communications as. before; mentioned.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enaWufthe Most Noble Henry Duke of his

Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, to open a Street from the Strand, at or near the East End of the New Church, to the South End of Stanhope S the Pb-

rilli of Saint Clement Danes, within the City and Liberty

of Westminster, and to make q more commodious Communication between the North End of Stanhope Street aforesaid, and Wylde Street, in the Pfirish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the county of : And that Mr. Ambler, the Lord Beauchamp, and Mr. Mel-UJh, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and, Mr.

Hett:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do not insist on the Amendment made by Member*n«: their Lordships to the JBilJ, intituled, An Act for re- to be coo-draining any Person concerned, in any Contraft, Com- cern*^ million, or Agreement, made for the Publio Service^ from being elected, or, fitting and voting as a Member of Hie House of Commons; to which this House hath disagreed.

A nd then the Messengers w ithdrew.

Sir John Ilenderson reported from the Committed, Who were appointed to enquire into, and consider of the Li-

12 II raits

Navigable Rivers in Scotland.

1036 31°

mits of the Navigable Rivers and Fifths in that Part of Great Britain caWed Scotland, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had enquired accordingly, and had come to several Rftolotions, which they had directed him tore-port to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read: and is as followeth; viz.

First, Your Committee read an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for an Union of the Two Kingdoms of £nd Scotland: And also, . ... !*

An Act, made in the Sixth Year of her said late Majesty, for settling and establishing a Court of Exchequer in the North Part of Great BritaincaWed Scotland: And -alfoy. 1 > 1

An Act: made in the Ninth Year of-her said late Majesty, for reviving; continuing, and appropriating certain Duties upon Coals to be Water-born and carried Coastwise; and for granting further Duties upon Candles for Thirty-two Years; to raise Fifteen hundred -thousand Pounds, by Way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 174 1, and for suppressing such unlawful Lotteries, hnd- such Infuraiice Offices, as are itlierein mentioned., r

Several Mapswerethen produced to, and inspected by Your Committee.

Your Committee then proceeded to examine several Ship Matters, conversant in the Navigation of the several Friths in Scotland} — -and first called,

; Captain Thompson,.who informed Your Committee,

fjRiathe has navigated the Frith of Forth 45 Years; and that he considers the Limits thereof to be Saint Abb's Head on the South; and The Red Head on the Nrth. 1

' Captain Caffelsbeing the nexamined, informed. Your Committee he has navigated the Frith of Forth about 35 Years, and understands its Limits to be e* Rated by the above Witness.

Captain McKilikin being examined, said. He has used the Coasting Trade on the North of considers the Boundaries of the Murray Frith to be from KinnaircTs Head to Duncanjby Head.

Captain Lidle being examined, as to the Limits of the Frith of Clyde, informedYour Committee, they were from the Mull of Cantyre to the Mull of GaUorway: -that he has often navigated in those Parts.

John Murray, Esquire, being examined, said. He was well acquainted with the Navigation of the Solway Frith; understands the Limits thereof to be from Saint Fee's Head in the County of Cumberland, to Borough Head in the County of Wigton; and added, that he has

-known Coals to be carried in a Cart across the said Frith from Bolness to Annan.

Robert Wells, Esquire, being then examined, with respect to the Solway Frith, informed your Committee,

he is well acquainted with its Situation; that he considers the Boundaries of the said Frith to be from Saint Bee's Head in the County of Cumberland, to Borough Head in the County of Wigton .- — The Witness also informed Your Committee, He has forded the said Frith from Bolness to Dorneck, which, when the Tide is in, is about Two Miles in Breadth.

Captain FerguJJon being also examined, said. He was well acquainted with the Navigation of the Solway Frith; that there is not a Port in the said Frith which he has not navigated to and from; understands the Limits of the said Frith to be all within Saint Bee's Head on the South Side, and Borough Head on the North Side; that he has frequently walked across from Bol-ness to Dorneck; understands the said Frith to be navigable to Rockliffe when the Tide is in, but at low Water may be forded as low down as Bolness; that there is not a Port in the said Frith, within the Boundaries above mentioned, to wit, from Saint Bee's Head to Borough «4

Maii. 1782.

Head, into which a Vessel can fail except when the Tide is in.

George Chalmers, Esquire, being examined, said. He has been a Merchant, and often traded from Scotland to England; knows that the Trade on the Navigable or Estuary Rivers or Friths in England is not subjectedto the same Regulations, or the same high Custom House Fees, with that carried on upon the open Sea Coast: — The Witness also informed Your Committee he knows that the Officers of the Custotns of Scotland have of late Years subjected the Scotch Rivers Or Friths to the Rules and high Fees which belong only to the Open Sea Coast Trade; and that in fomelnliances they have ex-acted Duties on Coals within the Limits of Rivers where no such Duties were payable, and that they have considered the Limits of such Rivers as generally bounded by their first Bridges, except with respect to a final! Part of the upper River of Clyde -, that he refers particularly to the Friths of Forth including the Frith of Mur-

ray, tile Frith oiCiyde, and the Frith of Solway-, and that he ktiows this to have been a very considerable Prejudice to the Commerce, Manufactures, Agriculture, and Navigation of that Part of the Country.

Upon the Whole, Your Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That by the Articles of the Treaty of Union, and subsequent Statutes, the Trade ofwhether carried on upon the Open Coast, or in Estuary Rivers or Friths, is subjected to the same Restrictions and Regulatious with that of England, and is entitled to the same Rights, Privileges, and Advantages which the Open Coast Trade, or the Trade on similar Rivers or Friths in England,. respectively enjoy.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Trade on the Navigable or Estuary Rivers or Friths in England is not subjected to the same Regulations, or the same high Custom House Fees, with the Trade carried on upon the open Sea Coast.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Limits to distinguish any of the Friths or Rivers in Scotland from Sea, or open Sea, have not been properly ascertained, excepting the Frith of Forth, in so far as regards the Coal Duty; and for Want of this A seer-tainment the Officers of the Customs (excepting on a small Part of the River Clyde) have of late Years subjected all the Scotch Rivers in general, as far as to their first Bridges, to the Rules and high Fees, and even in some Instances to the Duties, of the open Sea Coast Trade, contrary to Law and the Practice of England in similar Situations, and to the great Hurt of the Commerce, Manufactures, Agriculture, and Navigation of that Part of the United Kingdom.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Limits of the different Friths or Estuary Rivers in Scotland should be ascertained, to distinguish them from Sea, or open Sea; and that the Limits of the Frith of Forth ought to be fixed from the Town of Dunbar to the Promontory of Redhead, as they are ascertained by an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, <c An Act for reviving,

" continuing, and appropriating certain Duties upon " several Commodities to be exported, and certain Du- ties upon Coals to be Water-born and carried Coastwise; and for granting further Duties upon Candles for Thirty-two Years; to raise Fifteen hundred thousand Pounds by Way of a Lottery, for the Service of ct the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eleven,

" and for suppressing such unlawful Lotteries, and such " Insurance Offices as are therein mentioned;" in regard to the Duty on Coals, with this Regulation, that all Goods which pals out of the largeli Branch of this Frith called The proper Forth, into the smaller Branch thereof called The Tay, and all Goods that pass vice versi out of the Tay into the larger Branch, shal I be subject

Laws receding rloufes of ^orre&ion*

Chaplain*

Jtingftoa

upon Hull Writ.

Came La*£

ai Geo. III. 519 Mail. 1037

subject to Custom House Dispatches by Transires only.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Limits of the Frith of , to distinguish it

from open Sea, ought to extend from the Burn or Rivulet of Cullen on the South, to the River of in the County of Sutherlandon the North.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That

the Limits of the River or Frith of Clyde ought to extend from Girvan, in the County of Ayr, on the South, by the Island djlefa, to Cump in the County of Argyll, on the North, both inclusive.-

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Limits of the Frith or Estuary River SolzOpy, ought to be from Saint Bee's Head in the County of -

land, to Borough Head in the County of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Leave should be given to bring in a Bill for ascertaining the Limits of the Estuary Rivers or Friths in Scotland, and of the Frith of , and for putting

the Trade in the said Rivers or Friths upon an equal Footing with the Trade in the Estuary Rivers df England. , 7

Ordered, That the said Report be taken,' into, further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next..;

The House proceeded to take into further ConTidCration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the amending and rendering more effectual the Laws in being relative to Houses of Correction, was re-committed.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Resolved, Nemine Conlradicente, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That His Majesty will be graciously pleased to bestow some Preferment in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. William. Welfitt, Chaplain to this House at the Dissolution of the last Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty *s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker daiffue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Kingston upon , in the roem of the Right honourable Robert commonly called Lord Robert Mdeceased.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent Persons going disguised, or with Arms or offensive Weapons, in the Night Time, in any Place, except on the King's Highway, for the Purpose or under Pretence of killing Game, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2.1. 7. After Sunrise," to insert armed."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the Bill do pass;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon *

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Three Months.

A Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Force# Vol. 38,

; in that Pali of Great Britain called Scotland, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House wilt, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for compelling John WhitehiLL, Esquire, to return into this Kingdom; and for restraining him, in case of his Return, from going OUt of this, Kingdom, for a limited Time; and for discovering his Estate and EffoCts, and preventing the transporting or alienating of the fame: And the same was received; and read the First T^ime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

The Order of the Day being read, for the House, to resolve itself into a Committee of- the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to plis Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the £)ay being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Report which, upon Monday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the tJnited Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies-, and all'o, the Petition of the United

Company of Merchants of England trading to the East fndies, were severally referred, be referred to the said Committee;

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for carrying into Execution certain " Pr0pofal6 made by the East India. Company for the " Payment of the Annual Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, for a limited Time, in respect of the " Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained " in the East Indies f might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, which was presented to the House upon the 26th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That the said Report be referred to the said Committe e

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas fMr* Smith, >

1 ellere for the 1 eas,^s-r Henry Fletcher: j U*

Teller^ for the Noes Mr- Montaguf

tellers for the JNoes,^the LordM^ton; j 27*

So it palfed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to H is Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for licensing Lottery Olftce Keepers, and regulating the Sale of Lottery Tickets;

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Lottery Office Keepers and Dealers in Lottery Tickets, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That the said Bill contains a Clause, directing, that all Tickets to be deposited with the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties, for being fold in Shares; shall remain in the Custody of the said Receiver

Scottli

Militia*

Conripeliirtg Mr. Whitehill to return to the kingdom*

Ways and Meant*

Supply*

Lideftfiri£ Lottery Ofc fice Keepers

East India Company Indemnity.

Fiddington

and

Hackleton

inclosure.

1038 310 Mail — 3 J . 1782.

tal, or the Persons to be appointed by him, until the R That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Conclusion of the Drawing of the Lottery to which be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the such Tickets shall belong, and afterwards to be sold Open and Common fields, Common failures, Com-by the said Receiver General, and applied as in the mon Meadows, and other Comvhonablfe Lands and said Bill is mentioned; and alledging, that the said Grounds, of and withfn the Mrinors and Liberties of Clause, and also several other Clauses in the said Bill, Piadinand in the Parish of > are likely to tend not only to the manifest Injury of the in the County of Northampton.

Petitioners in the just and legal Exercise of their Bull- O, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the tiefs as Buyers of and Dealers in Lottery Tickets, but Lords, and desire their Concurrence, also to the Prejudice of the Revenue, with respect to

the Interest which Government have, and may have, in A Bill for confirming a certain Piece of Ground, Norwood such Lottery Tickets: And therefore praying the Part of the Common of Norwood, in the Parish of lncWurt House to take the Premises into Consideratiort, bnd Batcombe. in the County of Somerset, to the Rector of fuller the Petitioners to be heard, by their Counlb?,' the said Parish, and for vesting the same in him and against the above-mentioned Clause respecting the said his Successors, in lieu of all Right of Common and Lottery Tickets remaining in the Hands of the said Tythes belonging to the Refctory of in or

Receiver General, and such other Clauses as above- within the staid Common of Norwood-, and for confirm-mentioned; and that the Petitioners may have such ing all the several other Parts of the said Common to other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem the several Proprietors thereof, discharged of all Right meet. of Common dnd Tythes belonging to the said Rectory*

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie Upon the was read a Second Time.

Table. Refotved, That the Bill be Committed to Sir John

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee Of Trevelyan, Mr. Thomas Pelham, &c.: And they are to the whole House, upon the said Bill. mbet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. A J Bill to repeal so much oT an Act, passed in the Flinwdl

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee. That they Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Xg* had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- repairing and widening the Road from Flimwell Vent, ments thereunto; which they had directed him to in the County of Sussex, through In the

report, when the House will please to receive the same. County of Kail, and the ParKhes of Sandhurst,

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday den, and to Stye, in the said County of Svjfex,

Morning next. and from Highgate aforesaid to Cooper's Corner, in the said County of Safes, and to Tubb's Lake in the said Ordered, That Sir Henrij Flelchct lmveLedve to th&ke County of as relates to the Road from Highgate a Motion, it being after Eight of the Clock. to Tubb's Lake-, 4nd for enlarging the Tefm and Powers

And he moved the House accordingly; of t,ie said with respect to the other Roads therein

Ordered, That the Report, which Won Monday last contained, was read a Second Time, was made from the Committee^ to wTiom the Petition Resolveedy That the Bill 'be committed toMr. Thdtttiis of the United Company of Merchants of England Pelham, Sir John Trevelyan, kt.: And they "are tbWeet trading to the East Indiesand also, the Petit Wn' of this Afternoon, at Five gf the Clock, in the Speaker's the United Company of Merchants of England tiding Chhmber. to the East Indies, were severally referred, bfe referred

to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole Lord John pretonted to the'House, accord- Comn*«-

House. *nS to Order, a Bill for further continuing an A#, ers of Public

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- raade in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His pte-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole sent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for appointing and House, to consider of the said Report. " enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state,

the Public Accounts of the Kingdom; dml to report And then the House adjourned till Monday " what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants,

Morning next, Ten of the Clock. " which may be applied to the Public-Service; and

" what Defects there are in tfiepresent Mode of tcceiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for, Pub- lie Money; and in what'more expfeditibUs'and effectual, and less expensive Manner, the said Services " can in future be regulated and carried1 bn for the " Benefit of the Public:" And the same was received; apd read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second'Time.

Luna, 30 d Junii;

Anno 22* Georgii III*" Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manors and Liberties of Piddington and Hackleton, in the Pari 111 of Piddingtan, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 31.1.18. At the End of the Line to add " as " far as. relates hereto." .

And the f.iid Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; knd the Bill was amende d at the T able accordingly.

:n

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Adjourn-House this Day, adjourn till Wed Morning next. went.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Thomson:

M r. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the ‘Amendment made by Counts this House to the' Bill, intituled, A11 A^l for'veftittg of Oxford', the Freehold and Inheritance in 1'eOof Part of 1 he El-tates heretofore of the Right honourable Ca-

vendifi Holies, Countess of Oxfcrrd'v.x\A OounW"fs'jl/r/r« timer, deceased,' in TiHiftecs,'1 in Trustto fell 'ahrf dispose of so much thereof as may' befhfticient'td pay tiff and discharge the Debts, Legacies, and other remaining Incumbrances, aftbcting the Whole of the Eliates late of her the said Countess, which1 were deb fed by

lit-r

21 Geo. III. Jumi. i©P9

her Will; and for other Purposea thetein mentioned:

And also, 1

ic Bridge The Lords have agreed to the Bil|, intituled^ An rM5d*' Act Cor building a new Bridge* iostead prgfeot

icaster. ancient Bridge, commonly called Lqncafler^ridge, at a more convenient Place over the River Loyne near the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of JEancaJler-, without any Amendment: And also, infiore The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An ilofuic. for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commou Meadows, l*nflures, and Chmrrrouable, and Waste Lauds, within the Manor and Parish df' Winftone, in the county of ; with an Amend-

ment; to which Amendment the Lords deftre the ' Conourrence of this- House. 1;

And then the Messengers withdrew,

>ply Bill; Mr. Strachey presented to the House, according to

tv on Fire Order, a Bill for charging a Duty on Persons whose unmcca. j)r0|)erjy shall be in fared against Loss from Firfe: 'And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

etiling Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the;

t«ry Committee of the whole House, to wham the Bill. ,ce for licensing. Lottery Oflfiee Keepers, and regulating

the Sale of Lottery Tickets, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, ami which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in las Place; and afterwards delivered the Bid, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's 'Fable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; arid then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment. to Onq of them,

' agrees! toby the House, ' 1

Onlered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

End itviia Ordered, Tligt the Order of the Day, for the House

t\.m|.any to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ,nasuur,:y. to consider of the Report which, upon Monday Jail, was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the United Corhpany of Merchants of England t rading to the East Indies; and also, the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eq/l Indies, were severally referred, be now read*

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. HvJJhjtook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ihffcy -reported from tie Catiimittee, That he was d i reded , by the Committee t6 make a Motion,

when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. JIi{tfey accordingly reported from the said Gont-mktee, That he-was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to discharge and indemnify the -United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East from

all Damage, Interests, and Losses, in respect to their having made Default in certain Payments due to the Public, on ftieh Payments being made at a future ilipulated Time; and further to extend and regulate the Power of the said Company in certain Cafes, in making Dividends to the Proprietors of their Stock.

And Mt. Huffey moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be givep to bring in a Bill to discharge and indemnify the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, from *11 Damage, Interests, and Losses, inrefpeet to their having made Default iu certain Payments due to the Public, on such Payments being made at a future stipulated Time; and further to extend and regulate the Power of the said Company in certain Cafes, m making Vol. 38.

Divideuds Ip the Proprietors of their Stoik: Ami that'7 Mr. Hnjfey, Sir Henry Fletcher, and Mr. Richard Smith;'

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Importation itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Tobacco, of permitting the Importation of British Plantation*

Tobacco from any Port or Place in Europe in Amity with His Majesty, during the prefeet Hostilities.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee. .;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.^ ,;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. r Mh^rdveported frohitthe CdUmnittee, That-they ' hsd ebrte to aRefolutioti; wtikih theyhad directed him to report, when the House milt please to receive the same.' V ' '* -

Ordered, That the Report be received upon -

day Morning next. ' 1 '

t ,r: *

The Order ofthfeDay being toad, for the Second Bill ®f Pains Reading of the BUI for inflating certain Paing and *nd.Pj'.^luet Penalties on Sir Thomas Ramheli, Baronet, and Peter: T^*gua,b^u Peering, Esquire, for certain Breaches of Public Trull, aedHighCrimes and Mifriemeanors, committed by them white thetr reflectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Gounfellors, and Members of the Sele&

Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on, the Coast of CoiomOndel, in the Esjl Indies. '

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Two Months. , ' ,

Resolved, That it is highly expedient for the Public Service; that the said BiH, which is now. deferred on account of the late Period of the Session, should be proceeded on as early as possible in the next Session of Parliaments

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to provide that the Proceedings on the Bill, now depending in Parliament, for infliAing certain Pains and Penalties, on Sir Thomas Rum bold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, . _, Esquire, for certain Breaches of Public Trull, and High Crimes and Misdemeanoro, committed by them white they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Couftfellors, and Members of the Select Committee, of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies, shall not be discontinaed by any Prorogation or Dissolution of ihd Parliament: And that the Lord Advocate of , '

Mr. Attorney-General, Sir Adam Fergvjfon, and Mr.

Orde, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom Preventing of the'Pfetitietr of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, in their General Session of the Peace assembled, was referred j That the Committee bad examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideratkm upon Wednesday Morning next.

The cither Orders of the Day being read;

Otdered, That the Report from the Committee of R«dv*rs of the whole House, to whom the BHl for the more easy Dilfcdvery and effectual Paniftiment of Buyers and Receivers of Stolen Goods, was committed, be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the and M*®^ whole House, to consider further pi Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His M^efty.

Resolved, That this House wHI, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

n I whole

c-

1040 3 -

whole House; to Consider further of the Siippfygranted'

to His Majesty, .:!/. 1 ' . '.

And then the House adjourned till - Mortling next. Ten of the Clock;

<5 yum-

A. 1781.

Debtoa

u

f t: I i 7

,i 1

Duke of Newautie's Eftatts.

Grdtiredt That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Prisoners for Debt iti the Castle, the Common Gaol for the County of was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

OrThat the said Petition do lie upon the Table.' o ,:

id . - i .' y

A MeQage from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. t; .

pcjakpr,

The Lordp; have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Difcblicj Act for better securing the Freedom of Elections of Rmnue

A — tlieingrollSfrom«lw Lords, iMitnted; Ai>< JJ(|mbers ,0.terv$ ky cw?i", SST.*"

Aa fee Part of the' Officers e^poyed in the ColleA, on or Manageme,.t of

Settled Estates of the Most Noble Henry Doke of »" "''f"?' fru‘n

such Elections; with iome Amendments; to which

Amendments the Lards desire the Concurrence of this

House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into further Con

Mercurti, it"'die °funii

,1 ry. /;. Act

Anno 12* Georgii IIP" Regis, .178T.'y.

Prayer^'

iiU

;) i;

It 'll I

vffi6/fr;rt(gei?t^d fnim-tkeComroittee, hdwhdm

Newcqfilfi in the Parithefr'of.AVnW CltTttent Danes dnd Sitint Giles in the Fields, for the Purpose of railing on Mortgage, or otherwise, such Sums of Money as shall expedient to be raised and applied for making miqbhesing a new Street therein petitioned, from the / ,'^aff.iEaa of the.Ifew Church in the Strand, to the i sideration the‘Report which was made from the Com-'.SpijJ.hi fyifl..of Stanhope Street, and ibr defraying all rrtittee, to whom the Bill for amending ami render in

n^cefjayyiCq^ Charges, and Esfjfences, attending the more'effectual the several Laws in being, relative t lpine, i\a^ committed; That the Committee had eka-' Rogues,'Vagabonds, Beggars, ami oilier idle and mine^theAUegattpp^iofi the Bill, and found the ffcme; disorderly Persons, was re-committed, tb be^qe^ ^pd J.hafc' the Parties concerned had given And the Amendments, made by. the' Committee to trieirConfent to tals Bill, to tii^ Satisfaction of the Com- the said Bill, being severally read a Second Tune, ig^qeg^pdthatlhe Committee had directed hiroto were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, report the Bill to the House,.tvitbMMeany Amendment;' agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

L«W|Tdpf6.

in* Ro,*« ami Vi^i-to obodi.

a,nd her delivered thpj^ilh in at the Clerk's Table.

" And the!'said Bijl . wap read: the Third Time.

hat4he. Bill dp. pdfs*;

' That Mr* -Ambler xlo carry the Bill to the'

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Tame; without ^ny Amendment; " '

iBgrofled.

Mr. Ord, according to Oi-der, reported from the ImpCftril Committee-of the whole House;, to wjiora it was re- of Toiuta ferred to consider of permitting the Importation of British Plantation Tobacco, from any Port or Place in

i > /'"'Li!., 1 '' ‘ ' ' , in.Amity with His Majesty, during the present

Mr. Ambler presented tp.dhe House, according do Hostilities, the Resolution which the Committee had Order, a^BilL?to ep^bl^the MonNobfey/e/ir?/ Duk^ of directed him to report to the House; which he read in

his Place; and afterwards delivered in, at the Clerk's

Stanhope Street, lie.

Improvement Mqjtlc, his ^lqjrs,', Jfxecutpis, of Administratore, to

open a Street from t,he Sat or near the Iiaft End of the New Church,.to the South End of Stanhope Street, in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, within the City and Liberty , of and to make a

inpre commodious Communication between the North

Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio weth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Importation of British Plantation Tobacco, from any Port or Place in Europe in Amity. with, His

End of Stanhope Street aforesaid. and Wylde Street, in Majesty: be permitted during the present Hostilities.

Por»I/li nf iti /fi/t in 1 Kn Pminiir a'l t* 1 ti \ 1__*______J _ O . 1 »'»''

£a.stingtoa

I«closure.

the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of MiddLesex: And the same was received; and read the Eirft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Rijl (prdividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pailures, and Common Downs, in the Hamlet or Tithing otEaJlhigtou, otherwise Northleach Forreign, in the Manor of Easting ton, and Parish of Northleach, in the County of GlouceJ'ler, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the-Title be,' An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put ,thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Lerfve be given to offer Amendments iipon the Third Reading of the Bill to permit the Importation of British^ Plantation Tdhacco from any Neutral island:in America, or The fVef Indies, during the pfefent Hostilities, for the Purpose of extending the Provisions of the said BUJ to the permitting the Importation of British Plantation Tobacco from any Port or Place1 in European Amity with His Majesty.

An ingrossed Bill to permit the Importation of British

Dkt».

Diu

certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, PlantationTobacco from any Neutral bland in America Common Pastures, and Common Downs, in the Hamlet or The Indies, during the present Ij^ftiljties, wa*

i. TI L LI _ — f 17 Aih n ..a Lv A i I / 17 — — - 1.1 r 4 >1 1 rP*

Liceafinj Lottcry< Office' Keeper*.

or Tithing of EaJUngton, otherwise Northleach Forreign, in the Manor oC Eafington and Parish of,

in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackrvcll do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for licensing Lottery Office Keep- . era, and regulating the Sale of Lottery Tickets, was read the Third Time.

<. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for licensing Lottery Office Keepers, and regulating the Sale of Lottery Tickets.

read the Third Tyne.

The Amendments following were severally proposed. to be made to the1 Bill; viz.

Pr, i. I. 33. To leave out " Neutral Colquy or " Plantation," and insert " Pqrtsor " Place in Amity with His Majestyj "either" instead thereof. ;/

1. 35^ ' After " Ito insert f‘ or in ‘ " Europe."

Pr. 2. 1. 6. Trt leave out " First," and inst-rt " Twenty-fourth," instead thereof. 1.10. After ‘*Island" to insert "Port."

Pr. 2.

1

Cotton

tlaiiufactarc*

'; v: 'i

African Coaipaafi

11 Geo. III.

Pr. 2. 1.20. After " "

- o CV *!» ‘ -

5 y##//.

1041

to insert "or ip Europe'*they are subjb# % l$f Fffeight and Infiifance, being in

And the said Amendments were, upon the QuestjotV. the present Year, near /. 2,000 more than in the Year federally put thereupon, agreed to by the House j "and 1774: And that !th§ Pelltron'eFs, being fenfibfe of (he the . Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. ' great Regard ihpwn by the House forfhe Forts

Ref deed.That the JJill do pass: And that* iFitJe arid'Setitefe'enWotV(t hd'&i&ft theteftfre,( pny be, An Act to permit flie Importation' of Bfififk Aarf-'. the House tb, tajc6 the*Prbhriires fntqCbhfideratiOri, and t ion Tobacco fr 0111 Pori or Pl^ce; eitlWin' ^^/ grant1 Ti)ujh $!rta4aS{;for the

fica} or The West Indies, or iii Europe, diiri/ig iftte pfe~ SxippoftA M^ih'drifl Dbfehc^'of the Forts arid font ' 41-'!M,) f j*1 uni ' andfeCriHtisr'*

lie niqn other rvgiTerasxatDtsiiouieinaii leeni: meet. fOfdereU, That thli ‘feitrPytitidh^*do lie* tipdn The Jftoufe was;mhvecl, TabI^J;‘ " V 1 fni(r ' A

veraf Naines'^e4fi^reuniWon u ~ '‘L <rrMm"

Beh^l^of tjiei ibn v?TJl?f 1 tp rejbjye ,itself into the wholp, Hflufe*: and Means.

..... Cottoh^, Muffins, to confiUer

T r rf- 'i to WsM^xikfewV" read.

jfcSl$Apd.AhesAW-Or^ppJbeipg ^.,accqrdiqgly j.

j, Th&p<?nferpfpJ^-^l^iotQ $be said Committee.

MrrSwa^if ....

of March last, and 'theuMoHier^tWle upon^heTablej might be again read. u i i ot t n u

And the fame avas feadTJcoirdingiv'.-.O: ;.i: ui V ' The House was alro moved., 'That thfe JPetitioltfof the federal Persons. tflwfe/J&unies are' thereunto fufoo scribied, oo Bub-dD-of thehtfelges, and the rest of} thM Cotton- and iGiillko. MantffaeUirersn itandLCalfico,:- and' Li net. Printers, m die County Palatineof Jutiildfacr; atnct the Counties adjaeentj.-wliidifc W'SSntiWfeotejJnitdi.itht?

>y, . , #J. , fTl ‘I' . .., ,

4,. ‘Ub-'r.TU.'ii.:

M r. O^.ff uppt^^-Qtp ^^^F^t^nXhatltl?ey

W-h they ha.d directed mw thft.wpprt^.whep,. the Hous^ wjfl.pbja^ to rope/yt*) tbfittoli;. c: :.'D w-LSS h'

Pwl

r rrvsi'r to ‘j.n f

ber^et^d

tiv^ic^HdPfd^^ Costebti^, 'be'rtdwmdl

Aftd'tlhe saidfOrde^ bmng rekd aecdrdW^ly;' 1 *

i -'Th^said^Bm W^8d^«iWrd>T^ r‘- . >. H JRefolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,;*Aiv lAtt';ft>r the <^mebding-ia»d ;pe^dring--rtvbre r>rd John Caqeiidifiyby 1^ Majesty,^Command, effectual the Laws in being relative to Houses of Cor-

ainted the House, That His Majesty, having been refttehJ*,n ‘i ^i i vh;» ;/bA f io^I or* I >A>*y\

med of thfi Contents of the said Petltloa. recom- &6 ' Bill to th

Loretsj1 and desire their ConcPrfeiice.j '"»

Im'SfjSEi^Wok^1 pSv-nr r^rpivfer»{oifsT

Linens, - ®.i5* °fwhomUpufg/to, comMey furtjierv.p^apaiMe^nis

other ImplemetiM, Vtlbd in that^lSntiTaftdry, to1 to f. joifiim the Sutmlk^ni^ taliisMa^ftic.

&Ibeyond d'^^toW.ibitVhe expiring -^.A-\

to foreign Parts lit any fiitlh 'Blbck.^ Tlates, oi other _ Ordered;-Ttat *h*Ord<* efkhe T)ay, fdr'-thfrThiftf Law* Implements: And that Mr. AldernV;iiir>^cjy/?'^(Wz', Sir T/ionias Egerton-,<and> do prepare, and

bring in, the same*- ' i v, ' -. /!< t

j v.*‘Li;r‘ ': '" '* 1 o::

A Petition of the Committee of the Comp^fiy p

Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be pre-

fepted ,toth^Hpufe} ... . r: .* l.i.a

Lord

acqnai

intormed of the Contents of the said Petition,- recoin mends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said. Petition w$s bro.ugl\t.,up, and read;

Setting forth, Thsifthe. I^fttioflers'bave laid before the House, an Account of the Money granted in the Year 1 780, ex;nn tried and-faffed by the Cbrlltor'BuAn of the Exchequer, as required by an Act of the Twenty-third of George the Second, intituled, "An Act for extew^ng

" and impros^ng the Trade to Africa i"uapjd 4jhpf*hey

have invested-the-Money granted in 1781^fV.the Simport and Mainte'naitce of the Forts and Settlements ,on Che said.Coajft a^l thait they'd Forts and jS^Jt.lerpeats were dehyered.to the Petitioners in a very j^jai*\t^us Conv dition by the Rpynl,^'^72 Company,' ai^ jthe'Surays apfiually granted by; Parliament |or. their Support, and Maintenance, ocing nearly expended in the Civil and Military Kiiablishment^tlicrexemainedlittlebr nothing lor the Purpose of Repairs,- fq that several of them still

re-

i.'f

A‘ BHFifot; coiitittqingl ' tinu& iii tfife Comrtif-

(loners of Public Accounts.

faAces are m thef Hsinds1 of1 Accountants, which niay '*' (W!ffjjrtfeid W.^^blic Service - and whfit I3efe6ts ^heFe are in ftie ^re'sent Mode oPreceivingi fcoUe^bingylllhihgj'imid'iRybiifti^ ^>ri'Piiblie and

" in whacmoire'd^pediti'ous amiieffectUttH and lese' expensive Manner, the said Services can in future be nt reglilated; and'ca/Hdd ou for* 1^8'Benefit of ttfe Pub-"* lid,'* was 'read'it Secdtid Time*,-' *" ' ‘

J ''^RcfoivediThat the Bill*^bfe, Somni % t4et(i;'' ' ' -- " ^‘l(Resolveid, ThatJh^' Bill bd 'dAmmitted to U'Commit-

,'contiuun i« a1 verjr defenceless J>tate; and that the said thieiWhote!House.1.. t gu:;> w-).-

Forts and Settlements being now in so much the more Resolved, That clhis! House''Udllj'Tdirfiorlwv* Mbfn-Danger,. as thpy are exppled t.Q the Attacks of the ing, resolve 'itfelfuiHt© Gblnmftfee' .‘of. the' wholes Dutch, their uefurNeighbours, and in considerable Force Houseptipdn'tliO1 laid1 ' Bill.‘

'upon that Coast, they do tljerefore necefl'arily require . ter 1>

not only a more effectual^^Supply of Men and Military OMiiirddf'ThQ.i the1 Order of* th^Day, for taking into

Stores for their Defence; hut likewise a more ample -CoWlMe/titio/rt':'rive Report which 'rVas 'niade from the

Committee, to whom the Petition of His Majesty's: Peace for the County of Middlesex, in

__r____, __________________o______________________________ . Selhonof Che Peace assembled, was re-

have not heeh able to fend them the usual Supply, feilre^,:,be riow re8d.' ' ' " ' ,

owing to the very great Increase of Charges which And the said Order^oing read^accordingly;

Vol. 38. The

Prerenting of Gaming-

1042 5° — 6

The House proceeded tp. take the Taid Report into Confidential)., .,*> ,.f . " -

'Andi the said Report was. read; and is as followeth; vi % «tV i \ '; t. <* .

To prove the* Allegations of* the- fojd. Petition, Mr.

v, .,. T <irltony Deploy Clerk of the Peace, and Clerk to tb$Jffitoces who aft ^v Wepiii^a: and AftyU<fesv at the L\tchj£kk Street Office, l*e»iqg examined, said. That the Jiifiices have had a great pjany Informations of Tables for playing at the iGapie passed RO, ap^ other Aiqb Tables, pmtfouforly of Fiv# jn Que Hcwfe in the Parish of Sflifti Anne, Sofa, and Qq Persons playing at them on Sundays, as Well another Days — That they have had Information of more than Three hundred in that Parish . vj. ' r and in the Parish of Saint J'ameb*~T\\2X Cards of Direc-r ' tion to the Places where these Tables are kept, are often threw# down the Areas of Hcrufe. % mentioning, that small Sums are to be played for, by which Means Servants, and tfiejower Soft; bjf-PebpIe, are drawn in to frequent th^~Thatrmarly Persons have complained of their Servants befog mduced to goto the said Tables in consequeiiceof reading those Cards — -That, as he is informed. People of all Ranks frequent those Places, arid large Sums of Mbriey have been loft there.

That the Law's hitherto foade for the Suppression of Gaming, have chiefly pointed at Games known at the Time of making the m; but as new Games are eonti-iftmlly devised, the Justices find, by Experience, that the Laws are insufficient to suppress them; and have alfe disc'overed, that in many TnftanCe's the Proceedings under the present Aflfs, on Gflefides therein foeciffed, are circuitous, uncertain, and ineffectualt

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill more effectnaffy to prevent tfce pernicious Practice of Gaming: Arid - that Mr. Pyng\ Mr. Alderman Newnham, Sir Joseph Mazvbey, Mr. Aitorney General, and Mr.-Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in., the fame, i

Debtor*. ]; , A P^tijoo of the* feveraiiunfortunate Persons, whose: ' Names are thereunto fubfpribed, now confined for Debt in His Majesty'*G&>\ of Warwkkp was prefeotod to the House, and rea4> Complaimng pc their Distrefe, and P^ngRelM. . i - -Ml.* j.* '

Ordertf, That tbfi;foid Petition doifo upon the Table.

‘ - . f ‘ . i - . i

Bill of Pain* The Lord Advocate of Scotland prefen ted fco the and Penalties jjeufe, a^cotfding to Order, a EWl ta provide that the IturaUildrT Procee(lh)gs on tl.e Rdfnow depending in Parliament, fcc, 9 for inflicting certain Paius and Penalties on Sir Thomas , Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perringy Esquire, for certain Rreacbesof Public Trust, and High Crimes apd Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectivelyheld the Offices of Governor and Preffilqnt, Cou»-fellors, and Members of the Select Committee, of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, of the Qaaftof Caro~ mandei, in the East Indies, shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Piflplution of the Parliament: And the same was received; and read the Eirft Time. Resolved^. That the Bill he read a Second Time,

Compelling: A Bill for compdlfog jQhn lVhittfiill, Esqmrer to Mr. whitchill return into this Kingdom; and for rpftraining him, in t^Kiagdofti. case of his R«turn, frw» going qq* of this IKiagftom , for a limited Time and for ffifcojfefing his Estate and Effects, and preventing the transoortjog ^nd alienating of the same, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be oom^tted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Comroittee of the whole House.

o- Refolded, That this House w LU, To-raoirow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of dm whole House, Upon the said Bill.

estminster A Motion being made, That Mr. Speaker da issue Writ. his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, tp make oqt anew Writ for the electing of a Citdaea to forte in

Junii. 1782^.

thi$ pr.efent Parliament for the City of Westmiosler, in tl)e room of Si George JSrydges Rodney, Baronet, K,pjgnt of the Most honourable Drcler of the Bath, now LoixL Rodney, called up to the House of Peers. 1

The House was moved. That the En trie sin the Journal of the House, of the 13th Day of May J 7 7,‘ ofr the Proceedings of tl>eHouse, on the Motion fora new.

Writ bq umtle ogt for electing a Rurgels to lerve hd Parliament for the Borough of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, in the room of Sir Rrownlo^v Cud, Baropet,

Baron^ Bivwnloiv of Belton, in the County of Lincoln* called up to the House of Peers, might be read.

And the same.boipg read accordingly; .

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do blue his W'arraiut to . I the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for. . the electing of a Citizen tp forve in this present Parliament for the City of Wefimbifier, in the rOom of Sir George Bvydges Rodney, Baronet, Knight of the Must honourable Order of the Bath, now Lord Rodney, Called up to the House of Peers. ' !

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill to explain and amend so much Militia Floe*, of an Aflv made in the Second Year of the Iteign of His present Majesty, intituled, u An Act to explain,

‘1 amend, and reduce into One Act* of Parliament, the1 ,c foveral Laws now In being, relating to the raising and traiiiing the Militia within that Part of Great Britain 15 called;LUttglaud, f Jas relates to Persons ix?fusing or neglecting to serve in the Militia, and paying the Sum of Ten Pounds, being liable to serve again at the Expiration of Three Years, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning. <: -iij/ j;il nr j

Ordered, That the Report from the ' Cprnniittee (>f Receivers of the whole Hpufe,;,tP wlmxn, the BiJF for the more easy Difooyery and effectual Punishmeri^of Buyers and Receivers of Stolen Goods, was committed, be receive^ Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom* supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of tue whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty. '

And then the House adjourned till To-raorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 6° die Jtmii;

Anno 2z* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 178a.

Prayers.

Tff E Hoqfe proceeded to take into Consideration, winftone the Amendment made by tfte Lords to the Bill; Udosure. intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Winftone, in the County of Gloncefier,

And the said Amendment was read, and is as fbl-loweth; viz. (

Pr. 17. 1. ig. After whatsoever," insert "Provid-" ed always. That the said Rector " and his Successors shall not make <c any Exchange as aforesaid, with-« out the Consent and Ap^roba-4f tion as well of the said Lord " Bishop of Gfyucester for the Tuns €i being, as of the said Commissioners and their Successors, at the major Part of them."

The said Ameudment being read a Second Tim^, w,as, upon the Question put thereupon, agrped to by

.....- " Ordfrd,

iz Geo. III. 6° Junii. 1043

Ordered, Thftt Sir WittiQRfGuift do carry the Jiill to, jesty, intituled, "An Act for appointing and enabling tUe Lords; atyj> acquaint them, that this House hath- <c Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the Pub-agreed to the An>ei>dn\ent made by their Lardships. " lie Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what

ci Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which

Scotch Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Militia. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia \w that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Administra- Mr. Richard Smith, from the Select Committee ap-all^c P°^nted to take into Cnnsideration the State of the Ad-' t &al* c* ministration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengql, Bd* karx and Qriffq, and to report the fame, as it shall appear to thorn, to the House, with their Observations thereupon; and who were instructed to consider how the British Poflessions in the East Indies may beheld and governed with the greatest Security and Advantage to this Country, and by what Means the Happiness of the Native Inhabitants may be belt promoted, acquainted the House, That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read.

Ordered, That fuel) a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ar, B, A printed Copy is with the Original.

Way* Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the and Mean*. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to confide? further of Way sand Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the JJoufe; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Duty or Charge of a Sum equal to One Moiety of the Tolls payable for Carriages and Cattle ' of every Description, at each Turnpike Gate within the

Kingdom of Great Britain, imposed by a Resolution of this House, of the Twenty-third Day of May last, be charged upon all Carriages. I Iorfes, and other Cattle passing through any Turnpike Gate or Bar already prected, or hereafter to be erected, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in being, or that shall hereafter he passed, for making or repairing Roads in Great Britain.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Rills, pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon Thnrf-day the 23d Day of May last, w ere reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred tp confides further of Ways and Means fer yaifi* ing the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision }n the said Bill, or in one of the said Bills, pursuant to the Resolution this Day reported from the said Committee, and which has been agreed to by the House.

imtiffioncrt Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Public to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, counts. upon tho JgiU so.r further continuing an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-Vol. 38.

c< may be applied to the Public Service; and what " Defers there aie in the prefept Mode of receiving,

" collecting, issuing, and accotinting for, Public Mo-c< ney; ami ip what more expeditious and effectual, and " foss expensive Manner, ihe laid Services can in ic future be regulated and carried on for the Benefit of " the Public,1" be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had ,directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrovr Morning.

A Bill for charging a Duty on Persons whose Pro- Supply Bill;, perty shall be iufured against Loss from tire, was read Duty on Fire a Second Time. Insurance.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered That the Committee, who are appointed to Committee0* examine into the Conduct of of the Commissioners for Victualling Vi6tualling His Majesty^ Navy, so far as relates to the Navy, supplying the Navy with Corn, Biscuit, Malt, Butter,

Cheese, Wine, Beer, and other Liquors, and with Calks, have Power to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom §hor<Hirch the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of several through Acts, passed it) the Eleventh, Twenty-sixth, and Twenty- kney

ninth Years of the Reign of his Majesty King George Roa 8‘ the Second, for repairing the Roads from Shoreditch; through Hackney to Stanford Hilly and cross Cambridge Heath over Bethnal Green to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,"and found the same to he true; find tl^at th? Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dine&ed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tab/e? Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, uppr> the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The tJoufe proceeded tp take into CQnft(feration th*? i)jfabifn? Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Revenue An Act for better feeding the Freedom of Elections Officers from of Members to serve in Parliament, by difebJfeg certain Officers employed in the Collection or Manage- ‘ !ons* ment of His Majesty's Revenues, from giving their Votes at such Elections.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 10. After u the " leave out " Twenty-ftfth " Day of June, " and instead thereof insert " First Day of AiigujL*

1. 36. After ‘‘any'' leave out " Cpmaw.f*

ftoner. "

12 K Pr. 2.

C

iv

Navigable Rivers in Scotland.

Cotton Manufacture*.

Exportation of Hops.

Compelling Mr. White-hill to return to the Kingdom.

Militia

Fines.

1044

6" — 'fjunii. A. 1782.

Pr. 2.1. 9. After thereof," insert " nor any Cap-* tain, Master, or Mate of any Ship, w Packet, or other Vessel, employed u by or under the Postmaster or M Postmaster General, in conveying " the Mail to and from Foreign Ports."

I. 29. After " Aft" insert " such Votes so

" given, shall be held null and void u to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and."

Pr. 3.1. 29. After "Persons" leave out " acting by " orunder theAppointment of the," and instead thereof, insert " for or M by reason of his or their being a " Commissioner or Commissioners u of the Land Tax, or for or by reason of his or their acting by or " under the Appointment of such."

In Clause (B.)

J. 6. After f< said" leave out " Twenty-fifth

" Day of June" and instead thereof, insert " First Day of August ."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Crave do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

" Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England," as relates to Persons refusing or neglecting to serve in the Militia, and paying the Sum of Ten Pounds, being liable to serve again at the Expiration of Three Years, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more easy Discovery and effectual Punishment of Buyers and Receivers of Stolen Goods, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

id then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, y° die Junii;

Anno 220 Georgii IIIlii Regis, 1782.

AYERS.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into, and consider of, the Limits of the Navigable Rivers and Firths in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

THE Earl Ludlow reported to the House, That their Address of Friday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to bestow fotae Preferment in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. William Welfttt, Chaplain to this House at the Dissolution of the last Parliament) had been presented to His Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will bestow some Preferment in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. William Welfitt, as is desired.

Mr. Alderman Nezonham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in printing Callicoes, Cottons, Mullins, and Linens, or in making or preparing Blocks, Plates, or other Implements, used in that Manufactory, to go to Parts beyond the Seas; and to prohibit the exporting to Foreign Parts of any such Blocks, Plates, or other Implements: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for encouraging the Exportation of Hops, of British Growth, to and for Ireland by Way of Merchandize;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for compelling John Whitehill, Esquire, to return into this Kingdom; and for restraining him, in case of his Return, from going out of this Kingdom for a limited Time; and for discovering his Estate and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating of the fame;

Resolved, That this House will, To-morrowMoming, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and <c reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws iC now in being, relating to the railing and training the

An ingrossed Bill for better paving, cleansing, and lighting Part of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 32. After " excepted" to insert " and to u such Part of Old Bond Street as " lies within the Parish of Saint " James'*

1. 35. After "Parish" to insert " and of " such Part of Old Bond Street as " aforesaid."

Pr. 3. 1. 16. After " excepted" to insert "and " such Part of Old Bond Street as f< aforesaid."

Pr. 16. 1. 10. After " that" to insert " after the " Month of May 1783."

Pr. 30. I. 9. After " Shilling" to insert " and Six " Pence."

1. to To leave out " Six Pence" andinfert " One Shilling" instead thereof.

Pr. 44. 1. 11. To leave out " the said."

Pr. 50. 1. 13. After " discharging" to insert "fo Ci much of."

1. 14. After "Debt" to insert " as shall amount to a Sum."

Pr. 60. 1. 3. To leave out from "or"to "shall"

in line 4.

1. 15. After " such" to insert " Wares, " Merchandizes, Calks, Goods."

1. 28. After " such" to insert " Wares, Mer-* chandizes, Calks, Goods, Coach." Pr. 6s# 1. 21.. After " Lane" to insert " or public."

Pr. 65.

Receirer,« of Stole* Goodi.

Chaplain.

Hanover

JjQuare

Paring.

avigable \vers in LotUnd*

rotch

diliiia.

Commit K >ner* of Public Accounts.

Adjournment.

Newnbam's

Sfiatea.

22 Geo. III. 7°

Pr. 6iy. I. 22. To leave oat "or Place."

Pr. 84. 1. 35. To leave out from " Inhabitant" to " shall" in line 36.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for better paving, cleansing, and lighting , Part of the Parish of Saint Hanover

in the County of Middlesex, and such Part of Old Rond. Street as lies within the Parish of James, in the said County; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Bifng do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee who were appointed to enquire into, and consider of, the Limits of the Navigable Rivers and Firths in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Seveiinight.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be no\y read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners " to examine, take, and Hate, the Public Accounts " of the Kingdom; and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Aecountants, which may be applied to the public Service; and what Defedtsthere " are in the present Mode of receiving, collecting,

" issuing, and accounting for. Public Money; and in " what more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive Manner, the said Services can in future " be regulated and carried on for the Benefit of " the Public," was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Mr. Strahan reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Trustees for Sale of Part of the Settled Estates of John Neionha, Esquire, in the Counties of Huntingdon, Middlesex, and Suffer, and in the Cities of London and Canterbury, to make an Indemnity to the Purchasers of certain Parts thereof, against the perpetual annual Sums or yearly Payments to which such Parts are liable, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satis-

Vol. 38.

'unit. I04l)

faction of the Committed; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Strahan do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame; without any Amendment.

A Bill to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Work- Cottop Ma-men employed in printing Callicoes, Cottons, Mullins, nnh&ura. and Linens, or in making or preparing Blocks, Plates, or other Implements used in that Manufactory, to go to Parts beyond the Seas; and to prohibit the exporting to Foreign Parts of any such Blocks, Plates, or other Implements, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committed of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire Committee in what Manner His Majesty's Navy may be more ef- on supplying fedtually supplied with Naval Stores; and to report the Naval Store*, fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And aCommittee was appointed of Mr. Minchin, Wlr.

Newnham, Sir Herbert Mackworth, Sir Philip Jennings Clerke, Mr. Burke, Mr. Townshend, Sir Charles Turner,

Sir Richard Hotham, Mr. Strachey, Mr. Byng, Colonel Barri, Mr. Smith, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Montagu, Mr.

Baker, Mr. Sloane, Mr. Harrison, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Baker, Mr. Mr. Eliot,

Sir William Dolben, Mr. Bowlby, Mr. Lord

Duncannon, Mr. Hopkins, M r. GrenMr. Montagu, Lord Althorpe, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Poxvys, Mr. Ord,

Mr. Huffey; and all the Knights for Shires, Navy Officers, and Merchants in the House: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Ehoes presented to the House, according to Or- Milton der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Bryant Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and ^nclolure-other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Milton Bryant, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the O rder of the Day, for the House to Supply,

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive, the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved,rYba\ this House will, upon Monday Morning

next.

Bill of Pains and Penalties against Sir T. Rutnbold, kc.

Compelling Mr. Wl ite-hiil to return to the Kingdom.

Provision for Lord Rod-mcy.

1* -

Preventing

B-ibfry in Elections.

Ways

and Means.

IO46 70 — 10° jUYlil* . 1782.

next, resolve itself intoft Committee of the whole House, to eonfider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Bill to provide that the Proceedings on the Bill, now depending in Parliament, for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Baronet, and

Peter Peering, Esquire, for certain Breaches of Public

Trull, and High Crimes and Misdemeaners, committed by them whilst they respectively held ..the Offices of Governor and President, Counseliors, and Members of the Select Committee, of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coall of Coromandel, in the East,

shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Diffo-lution of the Parliament, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed toa Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, npou the Bill for compelling John Whitehill, Esquire, to return into this Kingdom; and for restraining him, in case of his Return, from going out of this Kingdom for a limited Time; and for discovering his Estate and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating of the fame, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu took the Chair of the Commiitee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, That they had goue through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Motion was made, and the Question being propo-fed. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, humbly desiring, That His Majesty will be rnoll graciously pleased to make such a laliing Provision for Lord Rodney and his Family, as His Majesty, in His Wisdom and Liberality, shall think fit, as a Mark of the Sense the Nation entertains of the great and glorious Services performed by that most gallant Officer; and to affine His Majesty, this House will make good the fame;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That the oilier Orders of the Day be now read.

And the said Two Motions were, with Leave of the House, withdrawu.

- The T/wd Mahon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in Ht the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as Ihallbesufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to eonfider further of Ways and Means for raisitig the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the stoleoUu whole House, to whom the Bill for the more easy Discovery and effectual Punishment of Buyers and Receivers of Stolen Goods, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next, Ten of the Clook.

Luna, 10° die;

Anno 22* Georgii III*" Regis, 1782.

Prayehs.

ABI L L to enable the Most Noble Henry Duke of sta»Sorr Newcastle,\\\s Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, Strcr.&t to open a Street from the Strand, at or near the East Ww*. End of the New Church; to the South End of Stanhope nm Street, in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, within the City and Liberty of lVe/lmiu/ler; and to make a more commodious Communication between the North Ernl of Stanhope Street aforesaid and Wylde Street, in the Pari Hi of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ambler,

Mr, Mellish,&c: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining and amending Two Wa^ Acts of Parliament, one made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for paving in

the County of Middlesex, and the several Streets and Passages leading into the fame, and for other Purposes; and the other made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for opening Communications between Wapping Street and Ratcliff'Ilighioay, and between Old Gravel Lane and Virginia Street, and for paving certain

Streets in the Parishes of Saint G and Saint Wapping, in the said County, and for other Purposes; and for extending the Provisions of the said A fils to other Parts of the said Parishes; and also for opening certain other Communications within the said Parish of Saint George, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, that nothing therein contained shall asse<St the Corporation of London, as Governors of the Royal Hospitals, without their Con-fen t.

' And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for explaining and amending Two Acts, one made in the Eleventh, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for paving certain Streets in the Parishes of Saint John Wapping and Saint George, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes; and for extending the Provisions of the said Acts to other Parts of the said Parishes; and also for opening certain Commuhications within the said Parish of Saint George.

Ordered, < 'Hint Mr. Byng do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for further continuing an Act, made Coonrfov in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present ercofPubk Majesty, intituled, < " An A dtfor appointing and en* Atc<Wtoabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state,

the Pablio Accounts of the Ki ngdom; and to report " what Balances we in the Hands-of Accountants,

" which

22 Geo. III.

io‘ Junii.

1047

which may be applied to the Public Service; and ft what Defeats there are in the present Mode of receiv- ing, collecting, issuing, and accounting for. Public Money; and in what more expeditious and effectual,

44 and less expensive Manner, the said Services can in " future be regulated and carried on for the Benefit of the Public," was read the Third Time.

liefolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and Hate, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what Ba- lances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the Public Service; and what Defects there are in the present Mode of receiving, collecting, 44 issuing, and accounting for. Public Money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expen- five Manner, the said Services can in future be regulated and carried oil for the Benefit of the Public." Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

N

Compelling Mr. Frederick Montagu, according to Order, reported Mr. White- from the Committee of the whole House, to whom hill to return the Bill for compelling John Esquire, to

K'*edom return into this Kingdom; and for restraining him, in

B case of his Return, Com going out of this Kingdom for a limited Time; and for discovering his Estate and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating of the fame, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time. One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply, Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place;

and afterwards delivered inat the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

liefolved. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coafi of Africa.

The find Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.'

Receiver* of Mr. Stanley, according to Order, reported from the Stolen Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Qood*. the more easy Discovery and effectual Punishment of Buyers and Receivers of Stolen Goodsj was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were' agreed to by the House; and several Amendments wCre made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments bo ingrossed.

... Ordered, That all have Voice? -who come to the Committee, who are appointed to enquire in what Vol. 38.

Manner His Majesty's Navy may be more effectually Committed supplied with Naval Stores; and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee do report their Opinion to the House upon the Matters referred to their Consideration.

Mr. Thomas Pelham reported from the Committee, FlimweH to whom the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, paired Vent, &c. in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Road. jesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Flimwell Vent, in the County of Sussex, through in the County of Kent, and the Parishes of Neivenden, and Northiam, to Rye, in the said County of

Sussex, and from Highgate aforesaid to Coopers Comer, in the said County of Sussex, and to Tubb's Lake, in the said County of Kent, as relates to the Road from -gate to Tubb's Lake; and for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act with respect to the other Roads therein contained, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gon.e through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once' read throughout; and then a Second Time,. One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Rogue* and >posed. That the ingrossed Bill for amending and ren- Vagabonds, dering more effectual the several Laws in being relative to Rogues, Vagabonds, Beggars, and other idle and . disorderly Persons, be now read the Third Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words upon this Day Three Months."

And the Question being put. That the Word now"

Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

j 54-

Tellers for the Noes, j ^c'^nrgeYong } 37-

So it was resolved is the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3.1. 6.1 To leave out at a public Meeting &> 44 in Easter i\Veek next after the

7.)' 44 pasting of this Act."

1. 9. To leave out in Week," and , insert "on the same Day" instead

thereof.

Pr. 5. 1. 4. To leave out Vagrants," and'insert Rogues and Vagabonds" instead thereof.

Pr. 6. 1. 19. To leave out Justices," and insert Clerk"1 instead thereof.-1. 20. YTo leave out Liberty of -& > 44 minster, at their Public Office in

21.3 " Boro Street, Covent Garden," and

insert County of "

instead thereof.

I. 22.To leave out are," and insert 44 is" instead thereof.

Tellers for the Yeas IMr' Senior,

1 eiiers lor the 1 eas, j Mr HiU:

12L

Pr. 6.

104*

ter

11

aJunii.

A> 1782.

Pr. 6. I. 26.

Pr. 13. I. 6.

Pr. 17. 1. 23.

To leave out " their," andinfert"a," instead thereof.

To leave out " not."

To leave out-from" A&" to the End of the Clause.

I. permit To leave out the Two next Clauses.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severall yput thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers For the Yeas 7

letters for the *eas,^Mr Coke 22,

w. , - , XT (Sir PhilipJcnningsClerke,'}

Tellers for tile Noes, J Mr jJ" . j 44-

So it pasted in the Negative.

last faKa The House was moved, That the Order made upon Mondaylaft, " That Leave be given to bring in a Bill " to discharge and indemnify the United Company of " Merchants of England trading to the East , from all Damage, Interests, and Losses, in respect of their having made Default in certain Payments due to the " Public, on such Payments being made at a future " stipulated Time; and further to extend and regulate " the Power of the said Company in certain Cafes, in making Dividends to the Proprietors of their Stock," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to discharge and indemnify the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, from all Damage, Interests, and Losses, in respect to their having made Default in certain Payments due to the Public, on such Payments being made at a future stipulated Time; and to enable the said Company to continue a Dividend of Eight Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors of their Stock for the present Year: And that Sir Henry Fletcher and Mr. Richard Smith do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

5cotch Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Militia, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* upon the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Force* in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be now reed.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for enabling Persons who shall have been sworn and in rolled to serve in the said Militia, to inlist into His Majesty's other Forces; '

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tc,tofor,h, Y} "

Tellers fortlie 37-

So it wasrefolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Mouths, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Duty o« Fire The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a mace. a Committee Qf fjie wi)0ie House, upon the Bill for charging a Duty on Persons whose Property shall bein-. sured against Loss from Fire.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Strachey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Strachey reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-22

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Henry Fletcher presented to the House, according Kaft Ir.d'a to Order, a Bill to discharge and indemnify the United Company Company of Merchants of England trading to the East ,cicrnuiI>-Indies, from all Damage, Interests, and I.olTes, in respect to their having made Default in certain Payments due to the Public, on such Payments being made at a future stipulated Time; and to enable the said Company to continue a Dividend of Eight Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors of their Stock for the present Year: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this Hqufe will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, gjy of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, up- and on the Bill to provide that the Proceedings on the Bill, on Sir. T now depending in Parliament, for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Baronet,

and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of Public Trull, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them wliilft they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors, and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies, shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Difsolution of the Parliament.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday and

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Mom. whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 11° Junii;

Anno 22* Georgii IIIU‘ Regis, 1782. Prayers.

A MESS AGE from the LordsbyMr. and

Mr. Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and Eighty-two; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Kingston Deverill, in the County of Wilis; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Brecon, through the Town of Hay, in the County of Brecon, and also the Road through Marish Lane to the Builth and Hay Turnpike Road, near the Village of Lhjfioen, in the same County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields

Meadows,

Supply BiS; Exchequer Bills.

Kingston

Devenil

JncJofurt,

Brecon through Hit Road.

Bolin

Jndoftirc.

2a Geo. III.

II. Junit.

1049

Luke's o) kboule.

lard'w'cke

Roads.

rhormanby

tnclosure.

Woollen

snufactures

Dfnces and Employments.

Salt used in making Marine Acid.

Star.ton -Saint Quinttn ludofure.

Calverton

luclosure.

Ditto.

Meadows, Pad tires, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of in the

Pariflt of Gainford, in the County of Durham} without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act more effectually to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of to purchase,

hire, or erect a Workhouse, within or near the said Parish, for the better Reception and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from a Place called The Hardzvicke,. in the Parish of Clifford, to IVindmillHill, and from Vozvchurch to , in

the County of Hereford: without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a Carr or Common, called Thormanby Carr, within the Township of in the North Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Persons wilfully and maliciously destroying any Woollen, Silk, Linen, or Cotton Goods, or any Implements prepared for or used in the Manufacture thereof; and for repealing so much of Two Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of King George the First, and in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Punishment of Persons destroying any Woollen or Silk Manufactures, or any Implements prepared for or used therein; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to regilleror deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be liamped according to Law, or, having been damped, have been loft or mif-Iaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execut ion of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Salt, and certain Duties upon Glauber or Epsom Salts, and also on Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass made from Salt, and to prevent Frauds in the Duties on Foul Salt to be used in Manuring of Land; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common [Fields, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Stanton Saint Quintin, in the County of Wilts; with an Amendment j to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Manor of Calverton, with the West Sideof Stoney Stratford, in the County of Buckingham; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Manor of Calverton, with the West Side of Stoney Stratford, in the County of Buckingham.

Vox.. 38.

16 1

7- i

And the said Amendments were read; and are as rolloweth; viz.

P. 19. i. 16 J After appoint " insert " Provided always, That no Lease as aforesaid shall be granted to the said " James Earl of Salisbury, without " the Coufent and Approbation of " the Lord Bishop of Lincoln for " the Time being, first had and " obtained."

Lr. 40. I. 20. Leave out from " such " to " every," in line 22.

1. 23. After " them" insert " save and always except the said Iley " and his Successors, Iteclors as " aforesaid."

1. 26. Leave out from " Estates"to the First " or" in line 28.

Pr. 41. I. 19. After " Homesteads" insert and."

L 20. Leave out from " Inclosures" to

" and, " in line 21.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Fairford do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Slrachey prefen ted to the House* according to Supply Bill -Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties Dubes on on Carriages and Cattle passing through the several Carriig* Turnpikes within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and To *' also on the Tonnage of all Barges, and other Craft, navigating on any River or Canal Navigation within the said Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Slrachey presented to the Hoqfe, according to Order, a Bill for granting a Duty of Tonnage upon all Ships or Vessels employed in the Coasting Trade, passing by open Sea from one Part of Great Britain to any other Place within the same: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Slrachei/, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for charging a Duty on Persons whose Property shall be in-fnred against Loss from Fire, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the First Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposedto be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words " and Six Pence."

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out Hand Part of the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas *The Loid

I eJlers for the \ eas, Mr:

Tellers for the Noes $ ^r*

1 eners for the JNoes, J M Hammet.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second

Time,

Duty on Tonnage.

Duties on Fire Insuranc*

73-

14.

Milton Bryant Iaciofure.

Committee

on

Coinage.

Militia

Fines*

1050 11 Jmii.178a.

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for Relief of Persons insuring for a Term of Years.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Milton Bryant, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ebves, Mr , Ewer,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

t Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, a

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of the State of the Coinage of Money in this Kingdom, and the Expences incident thereto, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and " reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws '* now in being, relating to the railing and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England," as relates to Persons refusing or neglecting to serve in the Militia, and paying the Sum of Ten Pounds, being liable to serve again at the Expiration of Three Years;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, that no Substitute shall be accepted and inrolled, unless he is legally settled in the County in which such Substitute is to be inrolled;

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into " One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in " being, relating to the railing and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England,'* might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, that no Substitute shall be accepted and inrolled, unless he is legally settled in the County in which such Substitute is to be inrolled.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, that every Substitute receiving a Bounty exceeding a certain Sum, shall be liable to serve whilst the Regiment to which he belongs shall continue embodied.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sloane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sloane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Moaning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Encouragement and Disciplining of such Corps or Companies of Men as shall voluntary enroll themselves for Defence of their Towns or Coasts, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom during the present War: And that General Conway, Mr. Secretary at War, and Mr. Attorney General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretary Fox presented to the House, according Wind; 1 to Order, a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the better Securing the " Dependency of the Kingdom of Ireland upon the " Crown of Great Britain And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Sawbridge reported from the Cora- Importa* mittee, to whom the Petition of the Sugar Refiners of . London was referred. That the Committee had exa- Bpa mined the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition j and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said I Report be printed, as shall be Sufficient for the L'fe of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N, B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

A Bill to discharge and indemnify the United Com- EjfHa pany of Merchants of England trading to the Eafi J-001?® Indies, from all Damage, Interests, and Losses, in respect to their having made Default in certain Payments due to the Public, Qn such Payments being made at a future stipulated Time; and to enable the said Company to continue a Dividend of Eight Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors of their Stock for the present Year, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, AdM That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, "f® that there be laid before this House, Copies of the feve- j ral Answers that have been made to the Circular Letter from the Earl of Shelburne, one of His Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, to the Lord Mayor of and other Magistrates and Officers, dated the 7 th Day of May last;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas f2,

letters for the Ieas»£Sir Francis Bqfett: $ 22*

Tellers for the Noes £ Mr. Secretary at War, \ gg

1 eUers for the JNoes,^, $ os‘

So it paired in the Negative.

The other Order of the Day being read j

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- BfflofPiiai ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to provide that the Proceedings on the Bill, nowdepending in Parliament, for inflicting certain tic.

Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet,

20 and

21G EO- III. 11 * — 12° Jtttlii, 1051

and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of Public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Cotmfellors, and Members of the Select Committee, of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in the Ea/llndies, shall not be dil'continued by any Prorogation Or Diflblution of the Parliament, o

And then the House adjourned til) Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 12° die Junii;

Anno 22* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

Account of r\RDERED, That there be laid before this House, disposable L/ an Account of such Monies as remain in the Monies. Receipt of the Exchequer, subject to the Disposition of Parliament

>uty on Fire An ingrossed Bill for charging a Duty on Persons Infurence. whose Property dial I be insured against Loss from Fire, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for charging a Duty on Persons whose Property shall be insured against Loss from Fire.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

ompctnng An ingrossed Bill for compelling John Ef-

Mr.Whitebill quire, to return into this Kingdom: and for restrain-o remain in ing him, in case of his Return, from going out of this 0ID* Kingdom for a limited Time; and for discovering his Estate and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating of the fame, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 1. 1. 33. To leave out " Notice,'1 and insert " Three several Notices" instead thereof.

1. 37. After Kingdom" to insert " which " Notices one of His Majesty's " principal Secretaries of State is " hereby required to insert in the " said Gazette, within Fourteen " Days next after the passing of this Act."

Pr. rj. 1.15. After "And" to insert "Whereas " in case the said John Whitehill, Esquire, flia.ll not return into this " Kingdom, and enter into a Recognizance in the Manner before " mentioned, within the said Space " of Forty-two Days next after " such Notices shall be inserted in the London Gazette as aforesaid, " he the said John Whitehill, Rfquire, ought to be considered as *« wilfully absenting himself out of " this Kingdom, for the Purpose " of avoiding J lift iceand after " it" to insert " therefore."

And tile said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pase: And that the Title be, An Act for compelling John Whitehill, Esquire, to return into this Kingdom; Jtnd for restraining him, ip case of his Return, from going out of this Kingdom

Vol. 38.

for a limited Time; and for discovering his Estate and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating of the fame.

Ordered, That Sir Adam Fcrguffbn do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill of Pain* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Penalties upon the Bill to provide that the Proceedings on the ^Rutnbold Bill, now depending in Parliament, for inflicting certain &<1. '

Pains and Penalties on Sir 77 lomas Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of Public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors, and Members of the Select Committee, of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies, shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Diflblution of the Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Adam FerguJJon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Adam Perguffon reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

1

The House was moved. That the Order made upon oil I.i(l. the 6th Day of May fell " That Leave be given to Debt.

" bring in a Bill for enabling His Majesty to discharge " the Debt contrafted upon His Civil List Revenues,

" and for preventing the same from being in Arrear for " tire future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out " of the said Revenues, and by suppressing or tegnlating certain Offices, to be mentioned in the said Bill,

" which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil " Lift," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eddfider of a proper Method for enabling Ids Majesty to discharge the Debt contrafted upon His Civil Revenues.

Ordered, That the Account of the several Sums which were due and unpaid at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Eapence of His Majesty's Civil Government, on the 5th Day of April 1782, as near ds the same can at present be ascertained, with the Money applicable towards discharging the fame, and the Debt remaining unprovided for, be referred to the said Con*-mittee.

Ordered, That the Abstract of a Plhn for relieving His Majesty's Civil list from its present Burthens, and for preventing the Increase of its Debt, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they' had come to a Resolution; which t hey had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-niorrow-Morning.

M r. Strachey presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Account of the Monies issued at the Receipt of

12 M the

1051 22° Junii. ^.1782.

/cctutttof the fexchequer out of His Majesty's Civil List Reve- ment, between the 29th of January 1781 and the 29th Payments mies, pursuant to His Majesty's Orders, to be applied of March 1782.

LoyaUfts, Can *n(* Pa^ for the Relief and Benefit of fandry Ame- And the Title of the said Account was read. rican Civil Officers and others, who have suffered on The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Govern-

An ACCOUNT of the Monies issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, pursuant to His Majesty's Orders, to be applied and paid for the Relief and Benefit of sundry American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Government.

To Milzvard Rozoe, Esquire, between the 29th of January 1781, and the 29th of March\r Q

*782..... ----- --- j£-73>704 a

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tuble, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Reports of Ordered, That the several Reports which have been Commission- presented to this House, in the last and this present Sef-Accoants C ^ion of Parliament, from the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole Hnife.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider of the said Reports.

Ways and Ordered, That the Order of the D&y, for the House

Means. to ref0|ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Adrauuftratioa Mr. Richard Smith, from the Select Committee ap-rnBcn^al^ P°"ltec^to take into Consideration the State of the Ad* c s ministration of Justicein the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar,

and Oriffa, and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House, with their Observations thereupon; and who were instructed to consider how the British Possessions in the East Indies may be held and governed with the greatest Security and Advantage to this Country, and by what Means the Happiness of the Native Inhabitants may be best promoted, acquainted the House, That the Committee had made a further Prog refs in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House 5 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix there-

unto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report wai read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

An ingrossed Bill to repeal so much of an A 6t, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Flim-well Vent, in the County of Sujffex, through Highgate, in the County of Kent, and the Parishes of Sandhurjt, Nezvettdon, and Northiam, to Rye, in the said County of Suffext and from Highgate aforesaid to Cooper's Corner, in the said County of Sussex, and to Tubb's Lake, in the said County of Kent, as relates to the Road from High* gale to Tubb's Lake; and for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act with respect to the other Roads therein contained, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Flimzvcll Vent, in the County of Suffer, through Highgate, in the County of Kent, and the Pari/lies of Sandhurjt, Nezvenden, and Norlhiam, to Rye, in the said County of Sussex, and from Highgate aforesaid to Cooper's Corner, in the said County of Sussex9Sind to Tubb's Lake, in the said County of Kent, as relates to the Road from Highgate to Tubb's Lake; and for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act with respect to the other Roads therein contained.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Pelham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and*desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Stanton $t Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Stanton Saint Quintin, in the County of Wilts.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Press 20. 1. 38, After " whatsoever" insert, " but " no Exchange as aforesaid shall " be made by the said Rector or " his Successors, for any Lands €t or Grounds lying in any ad-4< joining Parish, without the " Coufeut and Approbation of " the

J

22 Geo. III.

I2° — 130 Junii.

*053

it

iC

the said Jacob Earl of,

his Heirs or Assigns, and the Lord Bishop of any

Thing hereinbefore contained " to the contrary hereof notwithstanding."

Amendment being read a Second Time, the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Lord A do carry the Bill to

the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

The said was, upon

Sir John Wrollefley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Wrottesley reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report; when the House will pleai'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Ireland $

repealing

Aa of Dependency.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma-Iteading of the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the jesty;

Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

the First, intiiuled, " An Act for the better teeming ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

" the Dependency of the Kingdom of Ireland upon the " Crown of Great Britain," be now read.

And the said Order bring read accordingly;

The i'uid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the vvnole House.

Supply,

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to discharge and indemnify the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, from all Damage, interests, ana Losses, in respect to their having made Default in cer-

East India Company Indemnity,

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, tain Payments due to the Public, on such Payments be*

resolve itself into a upon the said Bill.

Committee of the whole House,

Militia Fine?. Mr. Sloane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act " of Parliament, the several Laws now in being relating " to the railing and training the Militia within that * Part of Great Britain called England," as relates to Persons refilling or neglecting to serve in the Militia, and paying the Sum of Ten Pounds, being liable to serve again at the Expiration of Three Years, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee

ing made at a future stipulated Time; and to enable the said Company to continue a Dividend of Eight Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors of their Stock for the present Year.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Burling took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Furling reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the lame. Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Lord Mahon have Leave to make

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Attendance the moreeafv and convenient Attendance of Freeholders of Fh*-at Elections of Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament: Jj,?4*re And that the Lord Mahon and Mr. Edward James Be lon Eliot do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him a Motion, it being near Nine of the Clock, to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the First Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being Clause (A) was read a Second Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed to by the House.

Clause (B) the next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by inferring after the Word " serve," the Words, " or that I have been an Inhabitant at tt within the said County, for the Space

41of Six Months now lall past."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Jovis, 130 die

Anno 22* Georgii IIIlii Regis, 1782.

Praters.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Anguijk and Mr. Earnes:

ingrolTed.

Preventing Bribery in Elections.

Resolved, That the Bill for the better preventing Bri- for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, bery and Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Places,

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Orton on the

..... Hill

Indofurtk

Parliament, be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

in the Parish of Orton on the Hill, in the County of Leicester, and the Lands within the Ring of the said Fields, reputed to belong formerly to the Abbey of Merevale; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting certain Moors,

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Commons^ or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Committee. Parish of Wookey, in the County of Somersete, without

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. any Amendment: And also,

Voi» 38. The

Woofcey

Indofrf*

CreMon

Incloiuie.

East India Company Ipdamnity.

Doty on Tonnagt.

Ways

amt Means.

Civil List Debt.

1054 13 Jmii.A. 178^2.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Palin res, Common Meadows, and other Comuiouable I^ands and Grounds, of and within the Pariljh of Great in the County of Northampton, and the Hamlet of Little Creaton, in the Parish of Sprat ton, in the said County; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr Purling, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole ljoul'e, to whom the Bill to discharge and indemnify the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Judies, from all Damage, Interests, and Lodes, in rel'pect to their having made Default >U certain Payments due to the Public, on such Payments being made at a future stipulated Time; and to enable the said Company to continue a Dividend of Fight Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors of their Stock for the present Year, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, Oue by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for granting a Duty Tonnage upon all Ships or Vesseig employed in the Coasting Trade, passing by open Sea from one Part of Great Britain to any other Place within the same, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Rill.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: 'Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence per Ton be laid upon all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which shall be loaden on board any Ship or Vessel employed in carrying Coals Coastwise from one Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain to another, where such Ship or Vessel shall pals by open Sea.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to -by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting a Duty of Tonnage upon all Ships or Vessels employed in the Coasting Trade passing by open Sea from one Part of Great Britain to any other Place within the same, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution*

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of a proper Method for enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contracted upon His Civil List Revenues, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's *7

Tabled Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opiriion'of this Commi*tee,

That His Majesty be enabled to raisethe Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, to pay off and discharge the Debts due and owing on the Civil List on the 5th Day of April 1782; and that the said Sum be charged upon such Part of the Duties and Revenues of the Fund commonly called The Aggregate Fund, as were made applicable to the Payment of the Sums of Fight hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds, respectively granted by Two Acts made in the Firstand Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty; and after the Demise of his Majesty, to be charged upon the Hereditary Revenues of the Crowu.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by thp House.

Ordered, That it be an Irjstruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contracted upon His Civil List Revenues, and for preventing the same from being in Arrear for the future, by regulating ihe Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices, to be mentioned in the said Bill, which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil List, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Mr. Burke presented to the House, according to civil Lit Order, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to discharge the D«bt. Debt contracted upon His Civil List Revenues, and for preventing the same from being in Arrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil List: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Supply BID; Carriages and Cattle passing through the several Turn- Duty on pikes within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and also on the Tonnage of all Barges, and other Craft, navigating 0 od any River or Canal Navigation within the said Kingdom, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

General Conway presented to the House, according Volonim to Order, a Bill for the Encouragement and Disciplin- Cap. fog of such Corps or Companies of Men as shall voluntarily enroll themselves for Defence of their Towns or Coasts, or for the General Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read aSecondTime.

An ingrossed Bill to provide that the Proceedings on Bill of the Bill, now depending in Parliament, for inflicting cer- Fains and tain Painsand PenaltiesonSir Thomas Baronet, Pfn"!liw

and PeterPerring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of Pub- T lie Trull, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, com- &c. mitted by them whilst they respectively held the Ollices of Governor and Prefrdent, Con nfel lors, and Members of, the Select Committee, of the Settlement of Saint George, on the Coall of Coromandel, in the East Indies, shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or

Diflblutioa

Ireland; repealing Att of Dependency,

Exportation ot Hop*?.

Cotton

Manufactures

-2 2 Geo. Ill*

1 — 140 Junii.

!*»S5

?'ifl‘olution of the Parliament, was read the Third ime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to provide that the Proceedings on the Bill, now depending in Parliament, for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rum bold, Baronet* and Refer Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of Public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them ivhilft they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors, and Members of the Select Committee, of the Settlement of Fort Sand Georgii on the Coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies, shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Diflblution of the Parliament*

Ordered, That Sir Adam FcrgnJJbn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the better securing " the Dependency of the Kingdom of Ireland upon the u Crown of Great Britainbe now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Secretary Fax took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Secretary Fox reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Secretary Fox accordingly reported from the said. Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had cfirfc&ed him to report to the House; and he read1 the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered tile Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Onee read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon die Bill for encouraging the Exportation of Hops, of British Growth, to and for Ireland by Way of Merchandize.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, i^solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in printing Callicoes, Cottons, Mullins, and Linens, or inma^ing or preparingBlocks, Plates, or other Implements, ufecl in that Manufactory, to go to Parts beyond the Seas^and to prohibit the exporting to Foreign Parts of any Inch Blocks, Plates, of other Implements.

1 And' then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Venerity 14* die Jutoii;

Anno 22° Georgii III. ftegis* 1782*

VoL.^38.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Legh Hojkins Mafier, Clerk, stanhope on the Behalf of lnmself and ot JLegk Mrtfier, Street-, &c. Esquire, his Father, ndw in South Carolina, was pre*- Improvement fented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Most Noble Henry. Duke of Newcastle, his Heirs, Executors, or Adruvniftmtors, to open A Street from the Strand, at* or near the East Emi of the New Church, to the: South End of SCdnliape Street, hi the Parish of Saint CiemeM Da?ies, within die City and Liberty of Weflrnwfter, and to make a more commodious Communication between the North End of Stanhope Street at'oresaid- and Wifde Street, in the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex; and Setting forth. That the said Legh Master and tine Petitioner are seised to themselves and their Heirs, in Fee Simple, of the Ground immediately adjoining to the East End of the fold Church (whereon Twelve Dwelling Houses, their Property, were lately burnt down and entirely confirmed)' and a coUsiderable Part of the said Ground, which, from its advantageous Situation, is of great Vake, will be necefiariJy wanted for opening the said intended Street; and that several of the Clauses and Provisions contained in the said Bill will be highly injurious, to the Property of the said Legh Master and of the Petitioner, and in particular will render the Timd of Payment of the Purchase Money for the said Ground uncertain* and the Safety of it very precarious and hazardous; and many Provisions will be necessary to be added to andiinferted in the said Bill, in case the same shall pass into a Law, for the Safety and Relief of the Petitioner and his Ibid.Father, and other Parties interested in the said Bill: And therefore prAying, on Behalf of himself and: the said J Legh Master, That he may be heard, by himself or his Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect them, and that they may have such further Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said" Committee, upbh his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they dojadrait Counsel to be beared at the same Time, in Favour of the said BilJ, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That aft lutVe1 V oices tv bo come to the Cotfmiittee to whorri tlhelUid 'Bitl is committed.

: 'i *

An ifigrossed Bitt to enlarge* the‘Tbrm and Powers of Shoreditch several Acts, passed in the-Eleventh, Twenty-sixth. and £rough Twenty-hinth Years of the Reign of his Majesty King George the.Second, for repairing the Roads from Shoi'e-' ditch through Hackney to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath over Bethnal Green to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex, was read the Thirii Time.;

The Amendments followingwere severally proposed to be made to the Bill j viz.

Pr. ig. 1. 29. To leave out, " in order to defray a Part of the Exlpence of watching ct and lighting the said Roads."

1. 32* At the End of the Line to insert,c< the " better to enable the said Trustees i( to light and watch the said Roads " from Shoreditch Church to Stan-"ford Hill Turnpike, which they 12N "are

i os 6

14° Junii. A. 1781.

tc are hereby directed and required " to do in the heft Manner they "can; Consideration being always " first had to Payment of Interest " on Money due on Mortgage, u the keeping the said Roads in " sufficient Repair, and other more " necessary and incidental Ex-, . , " pences."

<"' And the said Amendments were, upon the Question: fevcratly put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bilh was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts, passed in the 'Eleventh, Twenty-sixth, and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Shore-ditch Church through Hackney to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath over Bethnal Green to the . Turnpike at Mile- End, in the County* of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Byng do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr.

Wallace, do prepare, anc| bring in the fame.

Mr. Attorney General prefmted- to the House, Lan- refyefl. according to Order, a Bill for the further Limitation in£ 01 of Writs of Right, and for the further Amendment of K^nt* the Law: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Ref deed. That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be primed.

An iogrossed Bill for the' more easy Discovery and Receiver of effectual Punishment of Buyers and Receivers of Stolen StulenGoofo. Goods, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more easy Discovery and effectual Punishment of Buyers and Receivers of Stolen Goods.

Ordered,.That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Refolded, That this House will, at the Rising of the Ai'jnmn-Iloule this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. mem.

Film well Ordered, That Mr. Byng do carry to the Lords the 'VcJl* , ingrossed Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the 03 Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Flimwell Vent, in the County of Suffer, through liighgate, in the County of Kent, and the Parishes of Sandhurfi, Neivenden, and Norlhiam, to Rye, in the said County of Suffer, and from liighgate aforesaid to Cooper's Corner, in the said County of Sussex, and to Tubb's -Lake, in the said County of Kent, as relates to the Road from Highgate to Tubb's Lake; and for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act with respect to the other Roads therein contained, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Law respect- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill 1D* Wrjts of for the further Limitation of Writs of Right, and for u the further Amendment of th^ Law: And that Mr.

Ordered, That, the Bill to release from under the Foreign King's Locks certain Quantities of Foreign, Wheat, Corn Peas, and Oats, imported into the Port of London, and to enable the Proprietors thereof to enter the same for Home Consumption, upon Payment of the low Duties, be read a Second Time upon Weqincjduy Morning next.

The House being informed that Mr Hughfun, from Account of the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called Monies rein; and, at the Bar, 4) refen ted to the House, pursuant ajninsat

to their Ordpr Disposition of

to their Urder, , Parliament.

An Account of such Monies as remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, subject to the Disposition of Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Am ACCOUNT of such Monies as remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, subject to the Disposition of

Parliament.

Duty, on Sugars since 29th September A0 1764 , *

Cambricks, since ill August A0 1766 Melasses, &c. since ill November A0 1766

Apples imported - -

VerdigreaseTinpe 54th June A0 1781 - - - .

Subsidy on Rice expprted, which was imported Duty free - .

Duty on Gum Senega -; - - *

Money paid by Edwprd jolmfon, Esquire, Surplus of the Duty on Lottery Licences, after satisfying the Expences of the Lottery ^1781 - - -

Money paid by Robert Mackenzie, Esquire, Secretary to Sir William Howe, Commander in Chief in North America, being the Balance of his Account - - - , .

£. s. d.

*,6 % 19 it

1,256 2 8f 494 13 li 2 3 4 1 16 — ‘ 8 12 5 i 5 12 $

3,000 ——

1,816 19 7

£.10,251 18 11

Exchequer, the 14th Day of June 1782.

John Ifugffon.

Ordered,

‘reventing bribery iu £le5tions.

Attendance of Freehnld-rs at Elec-ions.

East India Company Indemnity.

22 Geo. III. 140 juniL 1057

Ordered, That llie said Account do lie Upon the TaMe, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Mahon do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, was recommitted.

The Lord Mahon accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that some further Amendments are necessary to lie made to the said Bill; Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed; liefolved.That the said Bill be again re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

liefolved. That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said . Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert. Smyth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Smyth reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Robert Smyth accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Considerationupon WednesdayMorning next.

The Lord Mahon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more easy and convenient At? tendance of Freeholders at Elections of Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. r.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrossed Bill to dufefaarge and indemnify the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, from all Damage, Interests, and LoflTes; in respect to their having made Default in certain Payments due to the Public, on such Payments being made at a future stipulated Time; and to enable the said Company to continue a Dividend of Eight Pounds Centum to the Proprietors of their Stock for 1,be present Year, was read the Third Time. p

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to discharge and indemnify the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East. Indies, from all Damage, Interests, and Losses, in respect to their having made Default in certain Payments due to the Public, on such Payments being made at a future stipulated Time; and to enable the said Company to continue a Dividend of Eight Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors of their Stock for the present Year.' i

Ordered, That Sir Henry'Fletcher do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 38.

Mr. Francis FoionesLultrell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bili for confirming a certain Piece of Ground, Part of the Common of in the

Parish of Batcombe, in the County of Somerset, to the

Rector of the said Parish; and for veiling the lntne in him and his Successors, in lieu of all Right of Common and Tythes belonging to the Reftoryof,

in or within the said Common of Norwood-, and for confirming all the several other Parts of the said Common to the several Proprietors thereof, discharged of all Right of Common and Tythes belonging to the said Rectory, was committed. That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Bill is not within the Intent and Meaning of the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Ro por$ in his Place; and afterwardsdelivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questioit severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing an Act, made in thd Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the better securing the " Dependency of the Kingdom of Ireland upon the " Crown of Great Britain," was read the Third Time.

ResolveCd, Nemine Contradicente, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for repealing an Act,* made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the " better securing the Dependency of the Kingdom of " Ireland upon the Crown of Great Britain."

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Fox do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the Encouragement and Disciplining of such Corps or Companies of Men as shall voluntarily enroll themselves for Defence of their Towns or Coasts, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom during the present War, was read a Second Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be committed! ;i

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to aComraittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning rtext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, "upon the said Bill.

; i 1

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt ebntraftedupon His Civil List Revenues, and for preventing the same from being in Arrear for the future, by regulating the Mqde of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by fbpprelfing or regulUting certain Offices therein1 mentioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil List, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

' The said Bill was read a Second Tinaei

Resolved, That the Bill be' committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a'Committea of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, ' upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upen

Norwood

Indo'.ure;

Ireland $ repealing Act of Dependency.

Volunteer

Corps.

Civil List Debt.

Cotton

Manafafttsm

o

A. 1781.

Militia

Returns.

1 . \

Navigable Rivers in Scotland.

Ways and Mtahs.

Supply.

Cpply Bill; Duty on Tonnage.

Supply Bill; Dury on Carriage Toils.

*' f s.

1058 14° — *7

upon the Bill to prevent the fedtlcing of Artificers or Workmen employed in printing Callicoes, Cottons, Muslins, apd Linens, or in making or preparing Blocks, Plates, or other Implements, used in that Manufactory, to go to Parts beyond the Seas; and to prohibit the exporting to- Foreign Parts of any such Blocks, Plates, or other Implements, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Raker took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Baker reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereuntd; which t hey had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Ord presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

Returns of the Qualifications of the Deputy Lieutenants and Militia Officers, which have been ti ansmit-ted to His Majesty's principal Secretaries of State frnce those presented to the House of Commons upon the 17 th Day of July last.

Together with a List of the said Returns.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table, tebe perused by the Members of the House.

The said Returns are preserved amongst the other, Papers of this Session.

The' othert Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee,; who, were appointed to enquire into, and consider of, the Limits of the Navigable Rivers and Firths inthat Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning, next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hoyfe, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to Ills Majesty!

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-ingnext, resolve itfdjf.into a Committee of the whole Hpufe, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Rtfolvedy That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting a Duty of Thnnage upon all Ships or Vessels employed in the Coasting Trade passing by open Sea from; one part 9.

Britain to any other Place within, the fame. , ‘

Resolved, That this House will, upon Xjofrir

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of die whole House* upen the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Carriages apd Cattle passing through the several Turnpikes within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and also on the Tonnage of all Barges, and other Craft, navigating on any River or Canal Navigation within jbe said Kingdom.

And then the House. adjourned till Monday ' 1 . Ijiloruing next, Ten of the Clock.

Junii

ILunee, 17° dJUnii;

Anno 22* Georgii IIIlU Regis, 1782.

Praters.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Alderman Newnham do Canoa make the Report from the Committee of the whole Manuta. House, to whom the Bill to prevent the (educing of Artificers, or Workmen employed in printing Callicoes, Cottons, Muffins, and Linens, or in making or preparing Blocks, Plates, or other Implements used in that Manufactory, to go to Parts beyond the Seas; and to prohibit the exporting to Foreign Parts of any such Blocks,

Plates, or Other Implements, was committed

Mr. Alderman Netoiihamaccordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the I louse; and he read the Re- port in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be i rig rolled.

A Bill for the more eafyand convenient Attendance Attendaw of Freeholders at Elections of Knights of Shires to offrttto serve in Parliament, was read a Second Time. w*«El«-

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed. tum

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, Thfrt the Order of the Day, for the House Supply B:t to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Duty on Upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Carriages and Cattle passing through the several °"' Turnpikes within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and also on the Tonnage of all Barges, and other Craft, navigating on any River or Canal Navigation within the said Kingdom, be now read.

- Arid the said Order being read, accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning deit, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply M; to Tefdive itself into a Committee Of the whole Hotafe, Duty* upon five Bill for granting a Duty of Tonnage upon all 'f°nlu?-Ships or Vessels employed in the Coasting Trade passing by Open Sea from one Part cif Great Britain to any other Place within the fames, be now reid.

And the said Order being read aodordingly 5 Resolved, That the House wtW,.. upon Wednesday Morning newt, resolve itself into fihefartl Committee.

of . .

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the H&ufe Ways to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Mc"'-to consider further of Ways ami* Means soir railing, the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

Add the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chain of the Committee.

Mr. Speakerfrfcfoirifed the Chair,

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had domd to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House. will please to receive the same.

Ordered,

2a Geo. III.

i f — x 8° fund.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning!

Mr. Ord also acquainted the House, That he Was directed by the Committee to move, that they ihay have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means , for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Importation The House was moved, That an Act, made In the ft>ru£»,&c. Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the lessening the Duty " upon Tin and Pewter exported, and granting an " Equivalent for the fame, by a Duty upon Drugs," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the Importation of Drugs from the Austrian or Germany.

Debtors. A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Debtors in His Majesty's Prison of The Fleet: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined in The King's Bench:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act' for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland, and for more effectually securing the Peace of the said High- lands, and for restraining the Use of the Highland Dress; and for further indemnifying such Persons as " have acted in Defence of His Majesty's Person and " Governmentduring the unnatural Rebellion; and for " indemnifying the Judges and other Officers of the " Court of Justiciary in Scotland, for not performing the Northern Circuit in May One thousand Seven " hundred and Forty-six; and for obliging the Matters and Teachers of Private Schools in Scotland, and " Chaplains, Tutors, and Governors of Children or " Youth, to take the Oaths to His Majesty, His Heirs " and Successors, and to register the fame," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the said Act as restrains the Use of the Highland Dress: And that the Marquis of Graham and Mr. Frafer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; for raising and training the Militia, as relates to persons paying, the Sum of Ten Pounds being liable to fervte again in the Militia at the Expiration of Three Years; and also to oblige Substitutes to make Oath respecting their Place of Settlement.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Pelham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take tmp&rt4tiort into further Consideration the Report which was made of Sugar*, from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Sugar Refiners of London was referred.

And the said Report was again read.

And a Motion being made, and the Questioft being proposed, That the said Report be referred to the Cob* federation of a Committee of the whole House;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the Debate be adjourned till This Day Two Months;

The House divided:

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers fot the Yeas,f AvJr'

t Mr L rancts Eyre i

114.

Di

'rets.

Tellers for the Noes f Mr. AldermamW&mfce,}

1 euers for the JNoes,£Mr.Alderman t) 31 *

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Encouragement and Disciplining of such Corps or Companies of Men as shall voluntarily enroll themselves for Defence of their Towns or Coasts, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Secretary at War took the Chair of the Corfu mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee; That they had gone through the Bill j and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment; And be delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The other Order of the t)ay being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the Hotife adjourned till To-morrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

VotUritfif

Corps,

Slippy

MilitiaFintt.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, u An Act to explain, " amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the " several Laws now in being, relating to the raising " and training the Militia within that Part of Great BritaincuUed Englandas relates to Persons refilling

or neglecting to serve in the Militia, and paying the Sum of Ten Pounds, being liable to serve again at the Expiration of Three Years, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, That Substitutes may again serve in the same Corps in which they now serve, without taking the Oath prescribed by the Bill.

Vol. 38.

a

Martisy 18° die;

Anno lx* Georgii III*® Regis, 1782s-

P ft A Y E A S<

MR. Richard Smitht from the Select Committee Admnidrit^a appointed to take into Consideration the State of g^jUj,c*c, the Administration of Justice in the Provi nces of Bengali eD& ' Bahar, and Orijfat and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House, with their Observations thereupon; and who were instructed to Consider how the British Possessiona in the East Indies may be held

ta O and

io6o 18* Junti. 1782.

1

®nd governed with the greatest Security and Advantage within the Manors and Liberties of and

to this Country, and by what Means the Happiness of Hacklelon, in til© Parish of , in the County

the Native Inhabitants may be heft promoted, acquaint- of Northampton; with an Amendment.; to which t*d the House, That the Committee bad made a further Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had di- House: And also,

reeled him to make a Report thereof to the House; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards for restraining.Sir Baronet, and delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same Perring, Esquire, fib in going out of this Kingdom for was read. a limited Time; and for discovering their Estates and

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the fame; with some Amendments; to which Amend-the Members of the House. ments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

The said Report is preserved amongst the other And also,

Papers of this Session. The Lords have pafjfed a Bill, intituled, An Act to

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original. repeal an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, " An Consideration upon Monday Morning next. ' " Act for the better securing the Dependency of the

" Kingdom of Ireland upon the Crown of Great A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and ;" to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of

Mr. Ijecds: this HoirTe.

Mr. Speaker, And then the Messengers withdrew.

Bill to enable The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

His Majesty to enable His Majesty to conclude a Peace or Truce An ingrossed Bill for confirming a certain Piece of Peace with w >th certain Colonies in North America therein men- Ground, Part of the Common of Norwood, in the Parish America. tioned; without any Amendment: And also, of in the County of to the Reftorof

Edinburgh Y'he Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act the said Parish; and for veiling the same in him and his

City Im- for preventing the Slaughtering ofCattle within the City Successors, in lieu of all Right of Common and Tythes provement. o i Edinburgh, and for removing Nuisances ^ud Annoy- belonging to the Rectory of Batcombe, in or within the

ahees therefrom; without any Amendment: And also, said Common of Norzooood; and for confirming all the Lotter"of- Yhe Lords have agreed totlie Bill, intituled, An Act several other Parts of the said Common to the several fice Keeper?, for Licensing Lottery-Office Keepers, and regulating the Proprietors thereof, discharged of all Right of Common Sale of Lottery Tickets; without any Amehdment: and Yytlies belonging to the said Rectory, was read the And also. Third Time. . At,

Smuggling The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Yea. to rectify a mistake in an Act of this Session of Parlia- be. An Act for confirming a certain Piece of Ground, ment, with respect to preventing the Importation and Part of the Commori of Narxcoad, in the Parish of Bat-Running of Tea in this Kingdom in armed Vessels, combe, in the County of Somerset, to the Reftorof the having Letters of Marque or other Commissions from said Parish; and for welling the fame, together with an the Admiralty; without any Amendment: And also, additional Piece of Ground, other Part of the said Corn-Importation The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act mon, in him and his Successors, in lieu of all Right of of Tobacco, to permit the Importation of British Plantation Tobacco Common and Tythes belonging to the Rectory of Bat-from any Port or Place either in America or the West combe, in or within the said Common of Norwood; and Indies, or in Europe, during the present Hostilities; for confirming all the several other Parts of the said without any Amendment: And also. Common to the several Proprietors thereof, discharged

Duty on Fire The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act of all Right of Common and Tythes belonging to the Insurance, for charging, a Duty 6n Persons whose Property shall laid Rectory.

be insured against Loss by Fire; without any Amend- Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fozvnes Luttrell do carry ment: And also, the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Comm (lion- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

ers of Public for further continuing an Act, made in the Twentieth An ingrossed Bill to prevent the seducing of Artifi-Accounu. year of the Reign of His orelent Majesty, intituled, cers or Workmen employed in printing Callicoes, CotAn Act for appointing anaenabling Commissioners to tons, Mullins, and Linens, or in making or preparing " examine, take, and Hate, the Public Accounts of the Blocks, Plates, or other Implements used in that Ma« " Kingdom; and to report what Balances are in the nufaftory, to go to Parts beyond the Seas; and to pro* " Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the hibit the exporting to Foreign Parts of any such Blocks, " Public Service; and what Defects there are in the Plates, or other Implements, was read the Third Time, " present Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and Rejoiced, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title " accounting for, Public Money; and in what more be. An Act to prevent the leducing of Artificers or " expeditious and effectual, and less expenfire Man- Workmen employed in printing Callicoes, Cottons, " ner, the said Services can in future be regulated and Mullins, and Linens, or in making or preparing Blocks, " carried on, lor the Benefit of the Public;" without Plates, or other Implements used in that Manufactory, any Amendment: And also, to goto Parts beyond the Seas; and to prohibit theex-

last India The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act porting to Foreign Parts of any such Blocks, Plates, or Company to discharge and indemnify the United Company of other Implements.

Indemnity. Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, from Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Newnham do carry the all Damage, Interests, and Losses, in respect to their Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, having made Default in certain Payments due to the

Public, on such Payments being made at a future Hi- A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt now confined in

pulated Time; and to enable the said Company to con- South Gale Prison for the City of Exeter, and County tinue a Dividend of Eight Pounds per Centum to the of Exon, was presented to the House, and read; Coin-Proprietors of their Stock, for the present Year; with- plaining of their Distress, and praying Relief, out any Amendment: And also. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Piddington The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Table, and Hackle- for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and

ton Indo- Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, The House proceeded to take into Consideration the and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

20 An

Restrainiji* SirT. Rui-bold, &c. from leaving the Kingdom.

Ireland , n-pealing Act of Dependency.

Norwood

Inclosurt

Cottoi

Manufac*

luret.

Debtofc

Re/tainirf Sir T. Ruifr bold, 4c.

22 Geo. III. ito6t

n leaving An Act for retrainin'? Sir Thomas Ritmbold, Baronet, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Kingdom, awl Peter Perrin^, Esquire, from going out of this king- That the said additional Duty shall be subject and dom for a limited Time; and for discovering their liable to the Payment of the Duty or Charge of Five Estates and Kffo6ts, and preventing the traiisporting or Pounds per Centum, laid upon the Produce and Amount alienating the lame. of the several Duties under the Management of the

And the said Amendments were read;' and are as respectite Commissioners of the Customs and Excise, by followeth; viz. 1 ait A6fc made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of Pr. 2. 1. ii. Leave out "June" and insert " A His present Majesty.

gujl.'' The said Resolutions being severally read a Second

Pr. 3. 1. 20. Leave out " June" and insert " AuTime, were, upon the Question severally put there-

guji." upon, agreed to by the House.

Pr. 4. 1. 27. Leave out "July" and insert " No- Ordered,. That a BUI be brought ip, upon the said Re-r ember."solutions: And that Mr. and Mr. dp pre-

The said Amendments being severally read a Second pare, and bring in, the fame. .

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, - '! '

agreed to by the House. Ordered, That t lie re be laid before this House, on

Ordered, That Sir Adam Ferguffbn do carry the Bill Account and Eh i mate of the Nett Produce of Duties of to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath Customs that are charged with the additional DpJ:y/of agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships. £ 5 Per Cent, on the Produce of those Duties, per ^6t

of the Nineteenth of His pre^fit^jg^^iqgqjlhipg tiaftton The House proceeded to take into Consideration the the Amount of eachJYear. ,; ,

inclo*" Amend, nent ma^e by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

nco- An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open That there be laid before this House, an

and Common Fields, Common Pahures. Common Mea- Account for the Year ending the 5th , of the

dows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of Gross Amounts of the Excite Dufies charged, with the and within the Manors and Liberties of Piddingtonand per Cent. Duties, by the A6is of the Nineteenth, Tw.en-Iiackleton, in the Parish of Piddington, in the County tieth, and Twenty-first of the Third; distjngui^h-

of Northampton. ing J such as are charged with 10 Cent, front those

And the said Amendment was read; and is as follow- charged only with a Duty of 5 per Cent..

eth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 31. After " John" insert " Montague, The House being informed that Mr. Bruere, from " commonly called." the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was called in; and, at the Bar, p.resented to the House, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the pursuant to their Order, ",

House. An Account for the Year ending the 5th July 1781,

Ordered, That Mr. Paioysdo carry the Bill to the of the Gross Amounts of the Excise Duties charged Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed with the per Cent., Duties by the Acts of the Nine-to the Amendment made by their Lordships. teenth, Twentieth, and Twenty-first of George the

Third; difdnguUhing such as are charged With Ways Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported fr.om the Cent, from those charged only with a.Duty of 5 per xl Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to ennfider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted toHis Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Three Pence per Pound Weight avoirdupois be laid upon all White or Manu* fk&ured BeesWax imported into this Kingdom.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account w£s read.' The laid Recount is as followeth; viz.

V#l» at.

Ah

Account of Duties of Customs.

Account of Duties of Excise.

Ditto,

io6a

A. 178a.

18' Junii.

An ACCOUNT for the Year ending the 5 July 1781, of the Gross Amounts of the Excise Duties charged with the per Cent. Duties, by the Acts of the 19th, 20th, and 21st of George IIId; distinguishing such as are

charged with 10 per Cent, from those charged only with aDuty Of 5 per Cent.

Low Wines, Spirits imported, Liquors and Sweets Cyder, 1766 -

Hops - - v -

Candles, except Tallow -

Paper ——

Callicoes, Sc. -

Wire

Starch ——

Vellum and Parchment -

Coffee -

Cocoa -

Tea ——

Plate Licences -

Spirituous Liquor Licences - -

Glass....

Coaches -

Auctions, Kc - -

Malt, 1780 Tea Licences

Total, at 10 Cent.

Total, at 5 per Cent.

Malt additional, at 1$ pet Cent.; being equal to 5 per Cent, on the Annual and First additional Duty on Malt - - - - . £.

Excise Office,

Lo.ndon, 18th June 1782.

G. Bructe, Accomptant General.

2). Papillo,

W. Loivn

W. Burrell,

J. Poumal,

C. Garth.

1,066,260

M.574

116,365

6,700

30,496

M3>625

4,189

60,717

1.944

33.551

7.799

476,605

8,129

72,068

107,718

117.474

37>»88

s. d.

5 3l

6 1

4 3

4 2

I -I

12

1 — i

2 9!

II 10

5 -

9 H

6 9*

— 9f

1 5i 11 10I

2,305,406 5 3{

692,187 10 3§ *>925 7 91

701,112 18 ij

345,885 10 -f

Ordered, That the said Account do lie Upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

importation Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider of so miich of an Act, made in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the lessening the Duty ' " upon Tin and Pewter exported, and granting an Equivalent for the same by a Duty upon Drugs/' as relates to the Importation of Drugs from the Austrian Netherlands, or Germany, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly} Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of allowing the Importation of Hungary or German Wines and Organzined Thrown Silk, from the Austrian Netherlands, or any Part of Germany, into Great Britain.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of allowing the Importation of Timber, and other Goods, from any Part of Europe, in Ships being the Property of Subjects under

the same Sovereign as the Country of which the Goods are the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr, Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Richard Smith, from the Select Committee ap- Ato* pointed to take into Consideration the State of the Ad- IK>",<V ministration of Justice in the Provinces of har, and Oriffa, and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House, with their Observations thereupon; and who were instructed to consider how the British Possessionsin the East Indies may be held and governed with the greatest Security and Ad vautage to this

Country,

12 Geo. III.

18° Jrn

1063

Country, and by what Means the Happiness of the Native Inhabitants may be bed promoted, acquainted the I louie, That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in Ins Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Lord John Cavendish presented to the House, by His Colonial Efta* Majesty's Command, blishment*.

An Account of the Salaries of the Officers of West Florida, for the Year ending 24th June 1779: And also,

Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1781 to the 24th of June 1782.

And the Titles of the said Account and Estimate were read.

The said Account and Estimate are as followeth; viz.

ESTABLISHMENT of the Province of West Florida, for the Year ended 24th June 1779.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief.

To the Salary of the Chief Justice -

To the Salary of the Attorney General -

To the Salary of the Secretary and Clerk of the Council

T0 the Salary of the Register - -

To the Surveyor of Lands and an Assistant

To'the Salary of the Agent -

To the Salary of a Minister at Pensacola -

To the Salary of a Minister at Mobile -

To a Schoolmalter at Pensacola and , at £.t$ each -

To the Salary of the Provoil Martha! -

To the Salary of the Receiver General of the Quit Rents -

c

C s.

1,200 — — *

500 ——

,50 ——

150 ——

100 — —

150 ——

100 ——

100 ——

50 — — -100 — — 100 — —

2,700 — —

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1781 to the 24th of June 1782.

To the Salary of the Governor - - . -;

To the Salary of the Chief Justice - -

To the Salary of the Secretary -

To the Salary of the Clerk of the Assembly -

To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands -

To the Salary of the Receiver General of the Quit Rents -

To the Salary of the Attorney General - -

To the Salary of the Provoil Marshall - -

To an Allowance for a Minister of the Church of England, and Two Schoolmasters To the Salary of the Agent for the Affairs of the Colony -To an Allowance to the Pilot stationed at the Mouth of Savannah River, with 1 sufficient Hands - -

To an Allowance for contingent Expences - -

From which deducting so much remitted by Bill of Exchange by Sir James Wright, Governor of Georgia, which was received by him for certain Duties appropriated towards defraying the above Expence of the Civil Government ——

£ s- d.

- 1,000 — ~

- - 500

- 100 — —

- 20

- 15°

- IOO — —

- 150

m IOO —

- 116

200 —

and *

SO

- 500 —

£ 2,986 — —

There will remain unprovided for £.

45® ——

2.536 ——

Vol. 38.

12 P

Ordered,

r

1064 18° — 190 Junii. 1782.

Ordered, That the said Account and Estimate do lie deration upon this Day Fortnight, the Second Day of upon t'ne Table, to be perused by the Members of the July next.

House.

Comtnif-(ioners of Public Accounts.

Highland I) refs.

Volunteer

Corps.

Coinage.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to cohfiderof the several Reports which have been presented to this House in the last and this present Session of Parliament, from the Commissioners appointed to examine* take, and date, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Frafer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more " effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland, and for " more effectually securing the Peace of the said Highlands, and for retraining the Use of the Highland " Dress; and for further indemnifying such Persons as *c< hate acted in Defence of His Majesty's Person and <c Government during the unnatural Rebellion; and for u indemnifying the Judges and other Officers of the Court of Justiciary in Scotland, for not performing " the Northern Circuit in May One thousand Seven

hundred and Forty-six; and for obliging the Masters " and Teachers of Private Schools in Scotland, and u Chaplains, Tutors, and Governors of Children or " Youth, to take the Oaths to His Majesty, His Heirs 4< and Successors, and to register the fame/' as restrains the Use of the Highland Dress: And the same was received; and read the F.irft Time.

itefblved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Questkm being put,

That the ingrossed Bill for the Encouragement and Dif-cipliwing of such-Corps or Companies of-Men as shall -voluntarily enroll themselves for Defence of their Towns or Coasts^or for the general Defence of the Kingdom, -during- the present War, be now read the Third Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TOler.r.r^Yea.^^W: } 3*

TelleVs for.hcN ".} ,

So it was resolved hr the Affirmative.

The said Bill mis accordingly read the Third Time.

- Refoioed, That-the Bill* do pass~: And that the Title be* An Act for t he Encouragement and Disciplining of such-Corps or Companies of Men as shall voluntarily enroll themselves for Defence of their Towns or Coasts, or for the generakDefence'of tlieKingdomi during the present War.

Ordered, T|iat>General Conway do carry the Bill to -the-Lords-, and desire their Concurrence.

7 — The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee who were appointed to consider of the State of the Coinage of Money in this Kingdom, and the Expences incident thereto, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, be taken into further Confi-

' >7

rrd then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 190 die Junii;

Anno 220 Georgii IIIlU Regis, 1782.

RAYERS.

A MESSAGE by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentle- Royal Assent man Uftier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers; where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also itnpowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Ashburton, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Y'ear One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two:

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Salt, and certain Duties upon Glauber or Epsom Salts, and also on Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass made from Salt, and to prevent Frauds in the Duties on Foul Salt* to be used in manuring of Land:

An Act for charging a Duty on Persons whose Property fli all beinftrred against Loss by Fire:

An Act for Licensing Lottery Office Keepers, and regulating the Safe of Lottery Tickets:

An Act to discharge and indemnify the United Company of Merchants of England framing to the East Indies, from all Damage, Interests, &hd Losses, in respectc to their having made Default in certain Payments due to the Public, on such Payments being made at a future frrpulated Time; and to enable the* said Company to continue a Dividend of Eight Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors of their Stock, for the present Year:

An Act to enable His Majesty to conclude a Peace or Truce with certain Colonies in North America therein mentioned: 1 - !

An Act for restrairting any Person concerned in any Contract, Commission, or Agreement, made for the Public Service, from being elected, or fitting and voting as a Member of the House of Commons:

An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what Balances

" are

22 Geo. Ill, 19 0 Junii. 1055

\" are in the Hands of* Accountants, which may be ap- to fell and aifpose of so much thereof as may be suffi- Royal A (Tent

" plied to the Public Service; and what Defects there cient to payofl'and dischargethe Debts, Legacies, and to Bill*

" are in the present Mode of receiving, collecting, iflu- other remaining Incumbrances act*efting the Whole of

" ing, and accounting for. Public Money, abd in what the Estates late of her the said Countels, which were de-

" more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive vised by her Will; and for other Purposes therein men-

*' Manner, the said Services can in future be regulated tioned:

" and carried on for the Benefit of the Public An Act for vesting In Trustees a competent Part of An Act for better securing the Freedom of Elections the Settled Estates of the Most Noble Henry Duke of o'f Members to serve in Parliament, by disabling certain Newcastle, in the Parishes of Saint Clement Danes and Officers employed in the Collection or Management of Saint Giles in the Fields, for the Purp'ofe ofraifingon l lis Majesty's Revenues from giving their Votes at such Mortgage, or otherwise, such Sums of Money as llmll

Elections s be found expedient to be raised and applied for making

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to and opening a new Street therein mentioned, from the

qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to East End of the New Church in the Strand to the South indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have End of Stanhope Street, and for defraying all necessary omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, with- Colls, Charges, and Expences attending the fame: in the Time limited by Law, and for giving further An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of late

Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members Earl of deceased, in the County of York, in

and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, Trustees, for a Term of Years, for raising and Payment whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped ac- of the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, charged by the cording to Law, or having been stamped have been loft Will of the said Earl on his said Estates: ormiflaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Ad- An Act for Sale of an Annual Fee Farm Rent of millions duly damped; and to give further Time to One hundred Pounds, payable to the See of out of such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affida- certain Estates in and near Hatton Garden, in the vits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attor- County of Middlesex, and for applying the Money to niesand Solicitors: arise from such Sale in Manner therein mentioned:

An Act for punishing Persons wilfully and maliciouffy An Act for enabling the Trustees for Sale of Pari; of

destroying any Woollen, Silk, Linen, or Cotton Goods, the Settled Estates of John Esquire, in the

or any Implements prepared for or used in the Manu- Counties of Huntingdon, Middlesex, and and in.

fasture thereof; and for repealing so much of Two Acts, the Cities of London and Canterbury, to make an In-made in the Twelfth Year of King George the First, and demnity to the Purchasers of certain Parts thereof, in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to against the Perpetual Annual Sums or Payments to which the Punishment of Persons destroying any Woollen or such Parts are liable:

Silk Manufactures, or any Implements prepared for or An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and used therein: Common Fields, Comrtion Meadows, Pastures, and

An Act to rectify a Miilake in an Act of this Session Chmmohable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and of Parliament, with respect to preventing the importa- Parish of y in the County of

tion and Running of Tea in this Kingdom in armed Vefi An Act for dividing, and allotting in Severalty, the , l'els, having Letters of Marque or other Commissions Open and Common Fields and Howns, Common Mea-from the Admiralty: dows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places,

An Act to permit the Importation of British Planta- within the Parish of Kingston in the County

tion Tobacco from any Port or Place either in America of W

or the West Indies, or in Europe, during the present An Act for dividing and inclosing a Carr or Common

Hostilities: called Thormanby Carr, within the Parish of Thormanby,

An Act for restraining Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, in the North Riding of the County of York: and Peter Paring, Esquire, from going out of this King- An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com-

dom for a limited Time; and for discovering their mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Estates and Effects, and preventing the transportingor Lands and Grounds, within the Townlliip of Bolam, in alienating the same: the Parish of in the County of Durham: ' ,

An Act for preventing the Slaughtering of Cattle An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and within the City of Edinburgh, and for removing Nui- Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Com-fances and Annoyances therefrom: monable Lands and Grounds, in the Manor of Calver-

An Act more effectually to enable the Inhabitants of ton, with the West Side of Sloney Stratford, in the the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex, to County Of Buckingham: .,

purchase, hire, or erect a Workhouse, within or pear An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the the said Parish, for the better Reception and Employ- Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Copimons, and Comment of the Poor of the said Parish: monable Places, in the Parish of Orton on the Hill, in

An Act for building a new Bridge instead of the the County of Leicester, and the Lands within the Ring present ancient Bridge commonly called Lancaster of the said fields, reputed to belong formerly to the Bridge, at a more cohvenient Place over the River Abbey of Merevale:

Loyne near the Town of Lancaster, in the County Pa- An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting pertain latine of Lancaster: Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from within the Parish of in the county of : ,

a Place called The Hardzvicke, in the Parish of Clifford, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the to Windmill Hill, and from Voicchurch to Pontrilas, in Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Com-the County of Hereford: nion Meadows, and other Commonable Lafnds and

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Grounds, of and within the Parish of Great Creatanj in the- Town of Brecon, through the Town of Hay, in the the County of Northampton, and the Hamlet of Little County of Brecon, and also the Road through Marish Creaton, in the Parish of Spratton, in the said County:

Lane, to the Builthand Hay Turnpike Road, near the An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Corn-Village of Llyfiven, in the same County: nion Fields and Conimonable Places, within the Parish.

An Act for vesting the Freehold and Inheritance in of Stanton Saint in the County of Wilts

Fee of Part of the Estates heretofore of the Right ho- An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the noorMe Hcnrietta Cavendish Holies, Couotek of Oxford Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Com-and Countess Mortimer, dedeased, in Trustees, in Trust, mon Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Vox,; 38. Grounds

Seventh Report of Commissioners of Public Accounts.

1066

190 Junii.

A. 1782.

Grounds of and within the Manors and Liberties of Piddington and Hackle ton, in the Parish of,

in the County of Northampton.

The House being informed that Mr. Beaclicroft and Mr. Drummond, Two of the Commissioners for examining, taking, and dating, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, attended at the Door; they were called in'; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Seventh Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and date, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

And the said Report was also read.

The said Report is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

The Seventh Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and date, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

The Act of the last Session of Parliament, for continuing and amending the ACtof the preceding Section, by which we were Grd appointed, having, by a particular Clause, " authorized and impowered us to examine " the several Accounts of Extraordinary Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, which " have been laid before the House of Commons dnee the " id of January 1776," we considered that Clause not as imperative upon us, to dop short in the Pursuit we were at that Time engaged in, under the Authority of the former Act, and to proceed immediately to the Examination of these Accounts; but rather as the Designa-tion of a Subject, selected from among the numerous Objects committed to us in general Terms by the Fird Act, as the next for our Consideration, after we should have completed the Inquiries we were then pursuing. Those Inquiries being finished, we have, in Obedience to the Intention of the LegiRature, thus iignided to us, directed our Attention to the Accounts of the Extraordinary Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, which have been laid before the House of Commons dnee the id of January 1776.

In this, wide Field, where the Objects are so numerous, so various, and so complicated, we have, in our Choice of the Subject, been attentive to the Public Voice, as far as we have been able to collect it, and have selected for our Inquiry, as much suspected of Abuse, that Part of the Public Money granted for the Extraordinary Services of the Army, which has been expended in North America; endeavouring to trace it from its Issue out of the Exchequer to the final Disposition of it in that Country, with a View to discover whether any Part of it has been, and by what Means, intercepted in its Passage or diverted in its Application.

We entered upon this Inquiry sensible of many obvious and discouraging Difficulties in our Way. This Money is expended in a didant Country: The Evidence of the material Circumstances of every Transaction of Expenditure is in that Country; except where, in a few Indances, we have had it in our Power to apply to an Accountant himself, who has either passed his Accounts in the Office of the Auditors of the Impred, or brought in his Hand his Vouchers, fair and regular upon the . Face of them. By what Means then are we to detefl (if such there has been) Peculation, Fraud, or Misapplication?

We admit no Charge against Persons Abroad, who have no Opportunity of being heard in their own Defence; and we are cautious that our Examination does *7

not lead to Self-accusation. Thus deditpte of the proper Evidence, and with so unpromising a Prospect before us, we fetoutin Search of such Materials as we could find, and as the Nature and Circumstances of the Subject would afford.

We extracted from the Journals, and from the Ac- Appendi; counts presented to the House of Commons, the Sums granted for the Extraordinary Services of the Army every Year, from the id of January 1776 to the 3 id of December lad; the Total of these Sums is Nineteen Millions Five hundred and Two thousand Niue hundred £ Sixty-nine Pounds Two Shillings and Eight Pence.

We obtained, by Requisition from the Office of the Pavmader General of the Forces, an Account of the '* Money issued to Mefirs.//«Wey and Drummond, pursuant to His Majesty's Warrants, for the Extraordinary Services of His Majesty's Forces serving in North America during the same Period. This Sum amounts to Ten Millions Eighty-three thousand Eight hundred Sixty-three Pounds Two Shillings and Six Pence.

We proceeded, in the next Place, to inquire by what Means this Money passed to North America Of this we received Information from Thomas Neale, Esquire, N*j. the Agent in London to Messrs. H and , who are engaged in a Contract with Government to make these Remittances for a Commission of One and a Half per Cent, clear of all Fees of Office and Expence of Transportation. All this Money passes from the Exchequer, through the Hands of the Paymader General of the Forces, to the Remitters, and from them to their Agents in North America; who pay it to the Deputy Paymader General of the Forces residing in that Country. It passes from the Exchequer to the Remitters in the following Manner:

When the Commander in Chief in North America fends to the Agents a Requisition, specifying a certain Sum to be wanted for the Extraordinary Services of the A''my for the ensuing Quarter, the Agents, in couse-quenceof this Requisition, draw Bills upon the Remitters, and transmit to them the Requisition with a Lid of the Bills annexed; upon the Receipt of which, the Remitters apply by Memorial to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for Money to extinguish those Bills, and receive from them a Warrant upon the Paymader General of the Forces, for the Payment of a Sum upon Account, for the Use of His Majesty's Forces in North America: This Warrant being satisfied by the Issue from the Exchequerto the Paymader General, in consequence of a Treasury Letter and Order of the Auditor, the Paymader General gives to the Remitters his Draft for it upon the Bank. If the Commander in Chief makes no Requisition, the Ageuts themselves send to the Remitters an Account of what Money will be wanted, and they apply for it to the Treasury, and receive it in like Manner from the' Paymader General of the Forces.

There are Two Ways by which this Money goes from the Remitters into the Hands of their Agents:

The one is by Bills thus drawn by them upon the Remitters, which Bills they receive the Value for there, and the Remitters discharge when presented to them in London: The other is by fending oat to them, actual Caih; this is done according to special Directions given for that Purpose by the Ixirds of the Treasury to the Remitters, whenever it becomes necessary to support the Exchange by increasing the Quantity of current Calli in the Hands of the Agents.

Having thus traced this Money into the Hands of the Deputy Paymader General Abroad, our next^Step was to fee by what Means, and for what Purposes, It was taken out of his Hands; Lieutenant General Sir William f

Ilotoe, late Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces in". North America, and Lieutenant General Earl - V51

toallis, supplied us with this Information.

This Money cannot be i!sued by the Deputy Paymader

.2 2 Ge6. III.

1.91JUnit.

1 ofr]

Seventh Re- matter General, without tlte Authority of the Coinmdrl-pormfCom-fl|er so Chief, exevcifed either by himself or by Tome General Officer toj whom he has from Necessity delega-coonu. ted that Authority. There are certain Departments in die Army, tothoprefiding OfficeranF which i serum lied the Expenditure ;ol lo much of the Public Money as the v Service, of those feyetal Depiirtments.roquu'eS, and who are'accountable, to tb£ Public for all they receive; these Officers are, The Secretary to the Commander in Chrief, TjK! Pay matter of -the Provincial Forces, the Quarter MasterGeneraI, The Parra< k Matter General, The Commissary General, The Chief Engioeeii, The. Superinten-dant of Indian A&sixs, the Bridge Mailer, The Purvey-

or of the Hospita|, and The CommilTary of Prisoners.

The Commander in Chief directs Money into the planets of these Accountants, by his Warrant to the Deputy Paymaster General, requiring him to pay to the Officer named a certain Sum for the Purptofe therein specified. These Warrants are of Two Kinds; Temporary, and Final: The Temporary Warrantis for Money upon Account, and granted upon the Application of the Officer, to enable' him to carry on the Service: The K* 6. Final Warrant is for Money to reimburse the Officer Expences actually incurred, and mentions that the Vouchers are lodged with that Officer. , .

Every Qjiarter, or as soon after as the Service will admit, these Officers make an Abstract of all the Sums they have expended in their several Departments during that Quarter, digested under different Heads of Expence. Every Officer carrieshis Abstracto the Commander in Chief for his Inspection, and for the Purpose of being reimbursed the Amount of that Abstract. If, upon Examination, no Objection arises to any of the Articles, he grauts to the Officer a Final Warrant upon the Deputy Paymaster General, for the Total Sum contained in the Abstract: Upon Production of this Warrant, with the Ahftract annexed, at the Pay Office of the Army, the Officer takes up and caucels, as being of no Use, the Temporary Warrants he has received in that Quarter; and, deducting from the Sum in the Abstract the Sums contained in the Temporary Warrants, he receives the Balance, leaving both the Final Warrant and Abstract with the Deputy Paymaster General; who fends them every Quarter to the Pay Office of the Army in England, as Vouchers for the Paymaster General of the Forces, upon patting his Account before the Auditors of the Imprest.

Through these Channels is the Money, granted for the F.xtraordinary Services of the Army, conveyed into the Hands of certain Officers intruded with and responsible for the Expenditure of that Money: How this Expenditure has been conducted, was the next, and the material Subject of our Inquiry.

The Quarter Matter General, the Barrack Matter General, the Committary General, and the Chief. Engineer, are the Officers to whose Management the greatest Share of this Money is committed; and therefore to them we principally directed our Attention: We examined such of them as we could find, who either were then, or had been employed in these Departments; and collected what Information we could from the Vouchers in their Possession, orfrorn those they had delivered into the Office of the Auditors of the Im-prest; all of which were, in consequence of our Ke-quilition, submitted to our Inspection.

Having had lieafon to believe, before the patting of the last Act, that it was the Intention of Parliament to refer to us the Consideration of the Extraordinaries of the Army; and having been informed that Brigadier General William Dalnjmple, Quarter Matter General; Peter Pamnier, Esquire, a Deputy Committary General; and Mr. Abijah Willard, Committary of live Cattle to llis Majesty's Forces in North America, were then in London, and about to return to America — though engaged at that Time upon other Subjects, unaer the Directions of the former Act, we availed ourselves of

Vol. 38.

that Opportunity fx> receive from them the Information they were able to<'give us, relative to their respective Departments.: - .

We obtained from the Treasury the Lists of Warrants granted by the Commanders in Chief ih America

upon the Deputy Paymasters General -there, and tratrf-mitted to the Lords Commissioners of> His Majesty'-s Treasury, from the ift oi January 17 76 to the 31st of December last. The total Sum contained in these Lifts js Seven Millions Seven hundred Twenty-five thousand Eight hundred Twenty-eight Pounds Twelve Shillings and a Penny Halfpenny: — Of which there appears to have been !lined during that Period; by the Commander in Cltief at Nero York, to the Officers or Deputies in these'Eour Departments, the Sums-following: To the Quarter Mailers General, One Million Six hundred Eighty-eight thousand Three hundred Seventy-nine Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Three Pence Farthing; to the Barrack Mailers General, Six hundred Sixty-two thousand Four'hundred Nineteen Pounds and Five Pence Halfpenny; to the Commissaries General, One Million Fivehundred Twenty-one thousand Seventy six Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight Pence'; to the Chief Engineers, Three hundred Twenty-two thousand Three hundred and Eight Pounds Ten Shillings and -Two Pence Farthing; amounting together "to the Sum of Four Millions One hundred Ninety-four thousand One hundred and Eighty-three Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Seven Pence: And to have been iflbed by the Commanders in Chief of HisMa jetty's Forces 'mCanada', for the Extraordinary Services of the Army in general in that Provinoe, from the ill of Jane 1776 to the 23d of O&bber 1781, the Sum of Two Millions Two-hundred Thirty-six thousand Twenty-nine Pounds EleviStl Shillings and Seven Pence.

As the Deputy Paymasters General of the Forces Abroadtranfinit, from Time to Time, to the Pay Office of the Army in England, the Warrants of the Commanders in Chief which have been paid by them — that we might omit no Means of Information of the Sunis issued we procured from the Pay Office of the Army a List of these Warrants; in which we find other Sums, iflhed during the same Period, to Officers in the Department of the Committary General, not included in the Quarterly Lilts received from the Treasury, amounting together ter the Sum- of One hundred Ninety-threfe thousand Pounds; ddiich, being added to the Sum of One Million Five hundred Twenty-one thousand Seventy-six Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight Pence, make the Total Sum, issued to the Committ'aries at York, One Million Seven hundred Fourteen thousand Seventy-six Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight Pence; and the Total Sum issued to these Four Departments there, Four Millions Three hundred Eighty-seven thott-sand One hundred Eighty-three Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Seven Pence.

We required from the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest, a List of all those Persons who have been employed in the Expenditure of the Public Money for the Army Services in North America, and who had either patted or delivered in their Accounts to that Office since the ill of Januanj 1776. We examined the Officers whose Names are found inserted in these Lifts, and who were within the Reach of onr Application; (that is to say) Robert Mackenzie, Esquire, Secretary and Paymaster to Lieutenant General Sir William Howe; Major General Sir William Erjkinc, and William Lord (Jathcart, Quarter Mailers General; Lieutenant Colonel William Slrirreffand Major Richard

England, Deputy Quarter Mallets General*. We examined Lieutenant Colonel George Clerk, BarrackMaller General; and John Montrefor-, Esquire, Chief Engineer, whose Names are not in this Lilt, their Accounts not 'being as yet delivered in Daniel Chamier and Daniel Wier, Esquires, the Two Commissaries General during tlidt Period, a»e both dead: None of the Accounts of

x 2Q cither.

N*7> 8, 9.

£.7,715.*-

N° 10.

£ 1.638,379. 15. Jj.

£.661,919. — 5}.

£1,511,076. r. 8

£ 311,308. 10. ij. £.+,194,183. 15. 7-

N* 11.

£.*,136,019.11. 7.

N* 1a.

£.193,000.

£.1,511,076. 9. 8.

£.1,714.076. 9. 8.

£ 4.3*7, >83. 15. 7.

N* 13, 14.

N* 15-

N* 16.

N* 17.

N* x8, 19, 20.

N* 2 1.

N* 22.

1068

j 9" Junii.

' A. 17 8*.

Seventh either, and a few only of the Vouchers of the latter, of the Army; by far the greatest Part of them were Report of are. in the Auditors Office; and, therefore the Article hired by the Mouth, or the Day, and very many of

ers'of'public of Provisions, though a very important and expeufive them kept in continual Pay: The Hire of all these.

Accounts. Branch of tins Expenditure', and many other Articles which constitutes a very considerable Part of the Ex-

1^. of Expence in that Department, were not within our penditure, was, in some Cafes, uncertain, and depended1

3' Reach in this Inquiry, We examined also Captain upon Circumstances; but in many it was regulated,

David Laird, the Agent for Victuallers, Store Ships, and settled at a certain Price. The Hire of a Vessel and small Craft t and Mr. William Butter ,an Assistant under Thirty Tons was Three Pence Halfpenny a Day Commissary. per. Ton; the Wages of, each Seaman was Two Shil-

Frotn the Information given by these several Officers, lings and Four Pence a Day, with a Soldier's Ration,

and from the Vouchers and Papers they have supplied end One Sixth of -a Quart of Rum. The Hire of »

us with, we have been able to acquire some Knowledge Vessel of Thirty Tons and upwards was TenShilHug*

of the Rules by which these Departments have been a Month per Ton until May 1777, when, the Rate of

governed; and to trace, in some Measure, the Manner Wages, and the Price of Provisions, and of Naval'

in which these Branches of the Public Expenditure Stores, being increased, it was raised to Thirteen Shil-

have been conducted in North America. lings; the Owner was engaged to find the Proportion

The Subjects of Expence, which these Officers are of Six Men to every Hundred Tons, to victual them,

employed about, may bedistingu'ished underTwogene. and to keep the Veil'd in Repair. The Hire, by the

ral Heads; the Purchase of Articles wanted for the Use Day, of a small Waggon, with One Driver and Two

of the Army, and the Payment for Services performed. Horses, was Seven Shillings; of a large Waggon, with Theprefiding Officers in these Departments, though One Driver and Four Horses, Twelve Shillings; t>f a

thpy are the Persons who must render the Account, yet, Angle.Horse, One Shilling and Nine Pence; of a Driver

from the Extent and Multiplicity of their Business, can alone, from Seven Pence to One Shilling and Nine*

‘ very seldom themselves attend either to the Purchaseor Peace; of a common labourer, from Seven Pence to1

the Payment: They have their Deputies, Assistants* Two Shillings and Four Pence. '

Super intendants, Agents, Inspectors, Conductors, Clerks, ' All the Vessels and small Craft (except those in the

and other Officers under them, who are the acting Per- Engineer's Department) were at first procured by and1 fons entrusted with the Condu6t of different Parts of under the InspeCiion and Management of the Quarter the Transaction, and upon whose Knowledge and Fide- Matter General.; but, the Business of that Office in-‘ lity they rely for the due Execution of that Trust. creasing, the Commander in Chief, by Warrant, dated Some of these inferior Officers make the Bargains, some ift of January 1777,' created an Officer to be Agent attend to and certify the Execution, others areemployed for Victuallers, Store Ships, and Small Craft: He wa» in the Payments, and take the Receipts: Each Depart- called the Superintendant of Vessels; and to his Charge jment has its Office where the Payments are made. The were committed all the Vessels and Small Craft, with Person who receives, must be either the Person himself their Appendages, employed in the Service of the Ar-who is entitled, or his Assignee or Agent; and he must my (except those attached to the Chief Engineer, which produce an Order, Ticket, or Certificate of the proper were left still to remain under his Care). He wa9 en-Officer, either directing the Payment, or authenticating joined to see that they were properly manned and the material Circumstances of the Purchase, or Service, equipped, and justly rated as to their Tonnage; he The Receipts are generally taken in the Name of the was authorized to charteror hire Vessels for inland N*»-Principal, whoever the Officer may be that pays them; vigation, when necessary, and to appropriate to these-because, the Warrants of the Commander in Chief veral Departments the Number they wanted, and such being made payable to the Principal, he, by receiving as were best constructed for the respective Services, the Sums, becomes the only Person accountable; and Though the Quarter Matter General was thus relieved he cannot discharge himself but by Vouchers, which from the Trouble of providing and fupel-intending the upon the Face of them appear to be for Payments Vessels, Pilots, ami Seamen, yet the Payment of the made by him: But there are Instances, where the Hire of them was still left to his Office, and continued Auditors of the Imprest have, in particular Cafes, al- thereuntil the Beginning of the Year 1778; when the lowed Receipts, taken in the Name of the Deputy, to Commander in Chief issued Orders, that the Hire the Vouchers for the Principal. should be paid in the Office of that Department where

The Payments are, for the most Part, made in Dol- they were employed. The Mode of Payment was this: lars, at Four Shillings and Eight Pence each Sterling, The Superintendant granted, sometimes upon his own hut computed in New York Currency, which is to Knowledge, sometimes upon the Information of Per-Sterling in the Proportion of Twelve to Seven: The fons under him, to the Person entituled, a Ticket of Sums we shall have Occasion to mention hereafter are Pay, signed by himself or his Deputy, and directed to all in Sterling. the proper Officer, specifying the Service, the Time,

The Price paid for the Purchase of the Articles and the Sum. This Ticket was, upon Payment, left wanted varied according to the Demands of the Army, at the Office; and at the End of every Quarter the and the Means of Supply -, but the Price of many of Superintendant took up alt these Tickets from the fe-the Services was regulated and fixed. veral Offices, and, after Examination with his Check

It was not practicable for us to examine into the.Cir- Book, gave to each principal Officer One general cumstances attending the Purchase of the Stores, Ma- Voucher, signed by himself, for the total Sum con* terials, and Variety of Articles used in the several De- tained in all those Tickets, and paid by him duringthat partments: We could form no Judgment of the Ne- Quarter.

ceffity there was for procuring them, or of the Value, Much the greatest Number of the Waggons, Horses,

or of the Price; the Means of Information were not and Drivers, employed in the Service of the Army, within our Reach; and therefore we directed our At- were procured by the Quarter Matter General. The tention to the other Branch of £xpence, the Services, Commander in Chief ordered the Establishment, that as a Subject that bore the Appearance at leaftof amore is, the Number which he judged to be necessary for the successful Investigation. Occasions of the Army, and in what Proportion they

The Movements and various Occasions of the Army should he distributed amongst the several Corps, and rendered it necessary to employ a great Number of for the different Services. This Establishment was per-Vessels of different Kinds, with Pilots and Seamen, manent, and kept constantly, as far as it could be, com-and many Waggons, Horses, Drivers, Artificers, and plete. The Quarter Mailer General made a Return of Labourers. Of the Vessels, Waggons, and Horses, them every Quarter to the Commander in Chief; which very few were purchased by Government for the Use Return was called The Dillrihution, and contained an Account

N* 25.

N* 26. N* 27.

22 Geo. III.

Junll

i66g

'Account of all the Waggons, Horses, and Drivers at' that Time under his Direction, and :in what Service employed: Far all these he was responsible, and paid the Hjre and contingent Expences. the Other Departments had likewise Waggons, Horses, and Drivers in \herr Service*, which were procured by themselves, and paid by their respective principal Offieei*s. AH these Departments'had Artificers and Labourers, prochred by the Overseersin the several Branches, hired by the ' Day, and paitf in each respective Office.

7 The Receipts given for these Services were‘of Two Kinds; either separaie Receipts, given by Individuals irt the common Form; or One Receipt, prefixed to a List comprehending the Signatures of many Persons: Of the latter Kind, One uniform Mode was adopted in all these Offices; Two Specimens of which, the one taken from the Instance of Waggons, Horses, and Drivers, and the other from that of Labourers, in the Office of the Quarter Matter General, are inserted in the Appendix. The FirstColumn contains the Names of the Persons entitled, or supposed to be entitled; the Sum he is entitled to receive is wrote in the:last Column but one; and in the last are the Signatures of the same Persons, wrote or made either by themselves or by Persons deputed by them.

In purfning this Inquiry into the Methods and Forms _ by which this Expenditure has been carried Oh, we Have had in View Two principal Objects; one is, to discover whether any Fraud has in Fast been committed upon the Public m the Coxirfe of these MoneyTranfac-ttons; the other is, to observe whether the Public has been sufficiently guarded against Fraud and Imposition, in the Modes adopted for carrying on this Expenditure.

Could a single Instance of Fraud be drftjovered in any of the Accounts of these Officers, Inch a Discovery would so corrupt and vitiate that Account, as to subject the Whole oPit to a Revision and Unravelment, though adjafted and parted with' all the Solemnities of the Exchequer.

These Accountants are charged with- alHhe Sums they have received of- the Pay matter General of the Forces, by the Warrants of the Commander in Chief. They cannot discharge themselves, but by the Receipts of the Persons to whom they or their Officers have paid these Sums. The Receipts are fair upon the Face of them; each contains all the Essentials of a true Voucher; a Date, the Subject Matter, the Sum paid, the Peism of whom received, and the Person receiving. If the Transaction has not been a fair one, and Government has been defrauded of any Part of the Money, 'the Voucher, which is the Evidence of that Transeftion, must, in some Part of it, be false or fraudulent: To discover whether it be so or not, the Person, who appears to have signed it, is always a material, and, in some Cafes, the only Witness, who can tell whether the Sum specified in the Receipt to have been received, was in Fast the Sum bona, side paid; but Persons under this Description are not amenable to us, fitting in this Kingdom; they are in North America. Numberless, and in a Variety of Ways, may have been the Frauds and Impositions committed upon Government, without the Knowledge even of the Officer who palTes the Accounts, being himself not privy to the Payments, but relying, for the Truth of the Vouchers he produces in his Discharge, upon the Integrity and Fidelity of his inferior Officers.

Rumours of Imposition, and of much Wealth acquired during a ffiort Service upon flender Appointments, may create a Stifpicion of some concealed Management, and be a Ground for Inquiry by proper Authority; but they are not Proofs upon which can be supported, against any Person whatever, the heavy Charge of defrauding the Public.

Having the refore no Hopes of pursuing this Subject Vot. 38.

with Effect, we turned our Attention to the Second Seventh Object we proposed; that is, to those Openings''

Fraud, and that Possibility of Abuse, which the Modes ^bHc*" ° of conducting these Money Transaction^ have left with- Accounts. ont Fence or Guard: And we are of Opinion tlutt the Public have not been sufficiently protested irrTwo material Points: First, The Officers intrnfted with itte Expenditure of the Public Money have been permitted1 to have an Interest themselves in the Subject Mat ter oP Expence: Secondly, The Vouchers, by which the Accountants discharge themselves of the Sums intruded to tliern, are allowed without having undergone sufficient Examination. j

It is a Branch of the Business of the Quarter Matter 1 General to provide Waggons and Horses, with their' necessary Attendants and Appendages, for the Use of1 tire Army, either when in Quarters, or in'Mdtion; and, when1 there is Occasion to transport therti, or -to supply theii1 Wants by Water, their SttperintendantThPrtiflles them with Vessels, and whatever is necessary for f Carriage by Water. It is the Duty of these-Officers ' to make the Contrafts for the Articles, and to fee thofe1 Contrafts honestly and substantially performed; to take care that each Article is properly equipped; ' andadequate to the Service it is intended for; and that the Service, for which Payment is claimed, hhis bCeif,1 in Fast,'performed/; These Officers are placed, oh the Part of Government, as a Check and Controul tipon the Chntraftors, to protest the Public from Loft or tm-position. The Barrack Matter General anfd 'Chief Engineer stand upon the same Ground, in respect to the Waggons and Horses made Use of in their Departments, and not provided by the Quarter Matter General. But it has been the Usage, as far back as our Inquiry has gone, for the Officers in these Departments to be themselves the Propfietors of, or to have Shares or Interests in, a great Number of the Vessels and small '

Craft, and in almost all the Waggons and Horses, employed in these Services: These Officers have purchased or procured them upon their own Account, and let them out to Government at the fixed Prices of Hire; , the same Person, employed by and acting for the Pub-, lie, contrafts, on the Part of the Public, with himself, for the Hire of his own Property, controuls his own Actions, and' pays himself with the Public Money intrusted to his Charge: His Trust and Interest draw opposite Ways: His Trust obliges him to be frugal for the Public; to hire at the lotveft Price (lower, if he ‘ can, than the Price allowed by Government); to take _

Care that what he hires is complete and fit for Service; to employ as few Vessels and Carriages, and for as ffiort a Time, as possible: But his Interest leads him not to spare the Public Purse; to let to Government, . at the same fixed Price, all the Vessels, Carriages, and 1 Horses, he can collect, by whatever Means procured, or at however low a Price he may have purchased them; and whatever may be their Condition or Differ-. \ ence in Point of Goddness, to keep them continually i _.. in Pay, whether wanted, or employed, or not, and for > as long a Time as he can contrive; and his last Advantage may be, the fpffering them to be taken or destroyed by the Enemy, to entitle him to the Value from the Public. In such aCoqteft between Duty and Interest, it is not uncharitable to suppose the Public '

Interest will frequently be sacrificed to private Emolument. But this is not the only Mischief: Tfiis Practice has a manifest Tendency to corrupt and'endanger the Service of the Army; it weakens the military Dif-cipline; it infuses into the Soldier the Thirst for Gs^n,... amt diverts his Attention from Honour, and fys £01107; try's Service, to the Pursuit of Wealth, and thattqo by intrenching upon the Treasure of his Country. t

We do not mean to suggest these as Impositions, that have all been actually committed upon the Public, but as Consequehces that will follow, whenever the;

Temptation'

Seventh Report of Corn-miSonerx of Public count Si

N* 28.

£ 9M44- »9- 4

£ 34.737- >9-

£ 55-9*3 14-£ iSi,io8. is. 4.

N* a9.

£ 7-4*3- 1*. to{.

IO70

190 'Junii.. ^.1782.

Temptation is powerful enough to overcome the Sense. Owners Seiven hundred and Eighty Eoiip^s. a Year^ /C. 71c. of Duty* and where the Opportunities of yielding to Suppose hijp to have, during the wWe^fear, his fu|^, the Temptation are so frequent and so obvious. Complement of Six Men, at eachThreeV.pundsFifteen

As these Officers would hardly have engaged in Bufi- Shillings a Month Wages, and to pay Two.Shillings a, hess of this Kind without the Expedition at lead of Day for victualling each Man, his Men would:cost nitty, some Advantage (for they had no additional Pay for Four hundred Eighty-nine Pounds, and leave him a .£ 4*5* being employed in the Expenditure) we were led to in- Profit of Two hundred, ^inety-one Poupffi^,a Year;, quire into the Expence incurred by the Public; for this which Profit would be:,ip ere* fed, in Proportion as he;

Article of Hire, and from thence to endeavour to form , could hirejiis Men, or procure Boys, at a less Price, or . some Judgment upon the probable Advantage to the diminish his Number whiltt his Vessel lay. at jreft. during,

Officer.; , apy Part of the Year,; or employ them to hiq Advantage

We obtained from Captain David Laird,a List of al t in any other Service. The Prime Cofl, and Expence of; the Vessels, under whatever Denomination, employed in Repairs, are Diminutions of Isis Profit, depending upon, the Service of the Army in North America, from, the CircumfUfices, and not open to Calculation.

1 fl of January 1777, when he was appointed- Super* .), As, the Quarterly Returns, made to Ute.Commander t

intendant of the Vessels, until the End of December . in Chief by the Quarter Master General,.qppt^in. the 1780, when he quitted the Service; with the Name of Number of the Waggons, Jlorfes, qn^Qr^ers, £ar*j each Vessel, and of the Master or Owner, the Number niflied by ium in each Quarter, with theiyElifiribution,-of Tons, the price per Ton, the Time when hired, t,fie . aijd Rxpeqce to Government for the Hive* w.$ hgve fe-r >

Time when discharged, and in w^at Department ejn- 1 le<5fed, and inter ted in tint Appendix, Two of Jhefe, Re-t ployed. From this Lift it appears, that the Number of turps; Sir Erjkiuq (applied us wit,11 the First, , N* 3®-

Vessels employed at different Times, during the above regular Distributipp that \vuf> returned to the Cqaimao-ii Period, in the Department of the Quarter Master Ge- dor in C(iief) which is for the Quarter ending 30th) neral, was Three hundred and Seventeen; and the June \777; thq other is a Return made, by Lord Number of Tons Nineteen tftoufand Five hundred cart, for the Quarter ending 31st December 1779- , ^*31. Fifty-eight. In the Department of the Barrack Master; Tfte Dilhributjqns did not always, contain the same General, the Number of Vessels was Eighty-five, and; Numbers, and therefore we could not come at the.Ex- i of the Tons Seven thousand Eight hundred Thirty-six. pencp of the Hire of them to the Public^ but by col- j In the Department of the Commissary General, the lecting it.from the Vouchers allowed by the Auditors, Number of Vessels was Two hundred and Nine, and of the Impceft to those Quarter Matters General who., of the Tons Sixteen thousand Six hundred Twenty-two. had passed their Accounts in that Office. By an Ab-The Total Number of the Vessels was Six hundred and stract, composed from those Vouchers, we find that the N'32. Eleven, and of the Tons Forty-four thousand and Six- Sqm paid by she Public, for the Hire only of Waggons, teen. Many of them were employed fora fliortTime . Horses, and Drivers, employed under the Management only: The Number of those continued in the Service of the Quarter Matter General, from: the 25th of Defer One Year and upwards, we have extracted from. cemfcr 1776 to the 31 ftpf Mftrcji \j80, was Three £ uM3S 1 Captain Laird's Lift, and inserted in the Appendix, with hundred Thirty-eight thousand Fopr hundred Thirty- , the Number of Tons, and their Earnings during their five Pounds Eight Shillings and Six Pence Three Far.

Service; and of these, Sixty-two were left in the Service -things, exclusive of Prqviftons, Forage,; Repairs, and at the End of the Year 1780. This Lift shews, that the other contingent Expences.

Number of Vessels employed each for a Year or longer. The Rate , of the Hire of a Waggon, Driver, and during that Period, in the Department of the Quarter Four Horses, be>ing:Twelve Shillings a Day, produces Master General, w-as Sixty-two, and the Hire Ninety- to the Proprietor Two hundred and Nineteen Pounds a £* one thousand Four hundred Forty-four Pounds Nine- Year; from whence the Hire of the Driver, at the mean teen Shillings and Four Pence; in the Department of Price of One Shilling and Two Pence a Day, that is^. the Barrack Master General, the Number Twenty-five, Twenty-one Pounds Five Shillings and Ten Pence a and the Hire Thirty-four thousand Seven hundred Year, being deducted, leaves him a clear Yearly Profit. Thirty-seven Pounds Nineteen Shillings; in the Depart- of One hundred Ninety-seven Pounds Fourteen Shil- £,7> *' inent of the Commissary General, the Number Forty- lings.and T>vo Pence; the Repairs of the Waggon and four, and the Hire Fifty-five thousand Nine hundred Harness, and the Food of the Driver and Horses, being Twenty five Pounds Fourteen Shillings; the Total found by the Public. Computing the Prime Cost of:

Number One hundred Thirty-one; the Total Hire One the Waggons complete, at the highest Price, Twenty,' hundred Eighty-two thousand One hundred and Eight Pounds, and of each Horse at Fifteen Pounds, he re-;

Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four Pence. ceives back Eighty Pounds, his Purchase Money, in

We find, from the Vouchers for the Payments of less than Five Months; after which, if possessed of Fifty Hire made by the Quarter Matters General, and deli- large Waggons and Two hundred Horses (and the vered by them into the Office of the Auditors of the Waggons and Horses were in general the Property of Imprest, that the Total Expence of this Hire in that a few Officers only) he will have, as long as he can Department only, exclusive of Pilotage, and various continue them in the Service of Government, a clear t Contingencies, from the 25th of December 1776 to the Income of Nine thousand Eight hundred Eighty-five, £-»,s,5't4' 31st of March 1780, amounted to One hundred Twenty-, Pounds Eight Shillings and Four Pence a Year, secure fevert thousand Four hundred Eighty-three Pounds from all Riik.

Eighteen Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny; what ? The Commander in Chief, consulting with the prin-. the Expence of this Hire was in the other Departments, cipal Officers in the several Departments, settled the we have not had the Means of informing ourselves.: Establishro.ent, and ordered that it should be permanent In this Lift appear the Names of several Officers in and kept complete. As the Army was not always in the Departments of the Quarter Matter, Barrack Maf- Motion, the Necessity for so numerous a permanent ter, and Commissary General, as Owners of these Vef- EstabfiffuneDt was not obvious. The Reafou given for iels; but the Names of all such Officers as were Own- , retaining the same Number for the whole Year, is, the era do not appear; the Names of the Matters are in-. Difficulty of procuring them again when wanted, iu ferted in their Stead. Where the principal Officers case they had been discharged at the End of the Cam-were Proprietors, or had Shares, their. Names, are not paign; but this Reason does not appear altogether confound, either in the Contracts for the Hire, or in the cluiive; for, if they are in being, the Arm of the Corn-Receipts for the Payments. mander in Chief can reach them, wherever they are; he

A Vessel of One hundred Tons, hired at Thirteen has Power to seize, the Initant he wants it, whatever is Shillings a Month per Ton, would produce to the necessary for the Service, in his Contemplation: From 18 the

22 Geo HI.

vemh R*-rt of Com-ilioners of iolic Ac-uuU.

N"33-

N'32.

b "

19 Juniu

1071

the Enemy he seizes of Right, from a Friend he presses of Necessity, paying him the Value, or for the Use.

The Establishment was hardly ever complete, from *he conftaot Difficulty of procuring the Number of Waggons it required; as they Were therefore so scarce in that Country, and the Cattle could have been employed to more Advantage than upon the Pay of Government, it might have been advantageous to the Inhabitants to have had the Use of them for the Time the Army were in Quarters; and the Hire of them, for some Months every Year, would have been no inconsiderable Saving to the Public.

All Orders and Regulations of every Kind proceed from the Commander in Chief: His Power extends,

without Controul, over the whole Army and all its Connexions. it is limited only by his Discrelion; consequently every form of Proceeding, every Usage and Mode of Practice, mud rest either upon his Orders or his Acquiescence. That we might learn upon what Authority this Custom, for the Officers to be Contractors of this Description, was grounded, we required from-Sir William Hoice and Lord the Orders

and InllruXions issued by them in North , rela-

tive to the several Departments employed in the Expenditure of the Public Money. The Returns to these Requisitions contained the Appointment of the Super-intendant of Vessels, and the Regulation of the Payment of their Hire, in the Offices of the Departments in which they wereemployed, both above mentioned, together withother Orders made from Time to Time for different Purposes of Regulation: Rut we found at one Period only Orders relative to the Point immediately under our Consideration. These Orders were issued by Lord Cormoallis, are dated the 43d December 1780, and

contain Matter very important to the Subjex before us. Lord Cormoallis had upon several-Occasions found, that the Waggons and Horses provided for the Public Service by the Quarter Master General were in bad Condition, and neither fit nor able to perform the Services required. To remedy these Abuses, he thought ik necessary to direct, that the Quarter Master General should have no Property in either the Waggons or Horses; and to that End he issued Orders, enjoining him not to charge more for Waggons and Horses than lie had actually paid; not to charge the Hire of Waggons and Horses purchased; not to purchase them but upon Government Account; and, if he hired them, to pay the Proprietors the full Price for Hire allowed by Government. He ordered all the necessary Craft to be purchased on Government Account; and some of the Vessels to be discharged, as soon-as they came under the Direction of his Deputy Quarter Master General at Portsmokth in the Chef apeak, upon his Representation that thbywere unnecessary. He ordered likewise the Commissary General not to charge Government for the complete Ration, unless he Supplied that Ration from the Stores from England,', and to charge no more Tor frefti Provisions, Flour, or Indian Meal, than what they cost him. The Manner of conducing this last Office it is notin our Power to inquire into; the Commissaries General are dead; and their Accounts not in England.

These Orders are levelled at Abuses at that Time existing; and these Abuses all tend to the defrauding of the Public for private Emolument.

By pursuing the Rules of Computation inserted above, we are enabled to discover how much would have been saved to the Public had the Waggons and Horses been purchased at first on Account of Government. From the Lift inserted in the Appendix it appears, that the Average Number of Waggons constantly employed in the Service, from the 25th of 1776 to the

31st of March 1780, that is, Three Years and a Quarter*, was Seven hundred Thirty-nine; and the Average Number of Horses, One thousand Nine hundred Fifty-eight; and the Average Number of Drivers Seven hundred and Sixty: The Average Hire of all these Amounts 1 VOL. 38.

to One hundred and Four thousand One hundred Thirty- jr. 104,13a: two Pounds a Year; from whence deducting Sixteen thousand One hundred Eighty-one Pounds the Hire of l6>lSl-Seven hundred and Sixty Drivers, at One Shilling and Two Pence each per Day, there remains the Sum of Eighty-seven thousand Nine hundred Fifty-one Pounds. £ *7.95!. The Prime Cost of the Waggons and Horses, at the h'igheft Price, is Forty-four thousand One hundred and 44.15°. Fifty Pounds; this Sum being deduXed from Eighty- 87*51. seven thousand Nine hundred Fifty-one Pounds, leaves the clear Profit of Forty-three thousand Eight hundred £ 43.801. and One Pounds for the First Year. This being added to the Sum of One hundred Ninety seven thousand >97.88* Eight hundred Eighty-nine Pounds, Two Years and One Quarter's clear Profits, after deduXing the Hire of the Drivers, gives the Sum of Two hundred Forty-one I41'6?0* thousand Six hundred and Ninety Pounds, paid by the Public, beyond what it would have colt them had the Property of these Waggons and Horses belonged to Government: And, if the same System of Management has been continued to the present Time, the Public' have incurred a Hill further Expence of One hundred £ ,7J;9oa. Seventy-five thousand Nine hundred and Two Pounds fop Two Years more, to the 31st of March last; that is, the Public have paid Four hundred and Seventeen 7>59*. thousand Five hundred Niilety-two Pounds for the lingle Article of the Hire of Waggons and Horses; the Whole of which might have been saved, had the Mode contained in the Orders of the 23d of December 1780 been at first adopted.

From the Circumstances thus disclosed, it can hardly be doubted that this PraXice, of letting out for Hire tb Government, has been highly lucrative to the Officers engaged in it. The Officer is a Trustee for the Public; as such, he is bound to husband the Public Money committed to hisCharge with as much Frugality as if it were his own; what he saves, or what he gains, he laves and gains not for himself, but for the Public. He ought not to be permitted, by any Management or Contrivance, -to carve out for himself an Interest in the Execution of a Public Trust: If that Interest has been pro-duXive, how far fufch Profit belongs to the Public, and whether, by Bills Of Discovery filed by the proper Officer of the Crown, or by what other Means, it may be discovered, and reclaimed for the Public, are for the Wisdom of Parliament to decide.

It is of public Concern this Evil should be speedily correXed: It flows from permitting a Trull to reside,

with an Interest, in the same Person. The Remedy is, to take away the Interest, and by that Means to restore the Trull and Controul to its full Force, that it may freely operate for the Benefit of the Public, uninfluenced, by private Considerations.

But the Remedy may be extended Hill farther: It should seem as if it would be more beneficial to the Service, if the Officers were relieved entirely from the Trouble of making the Payments. When their Military Duty calls them to the Field, they mull neglex their Duty as Paymasters, and leave that Branch to be conducted entirely by their inferior Officers and Clerks.

It seems to be a Hardship upon a Quarter Master General, to be subject to account for very large Sums, no.

Part of which he paid himself, but merely because they were paid in his Name, and at his Office, whilst lie himself was absent upon other Duty.

There is no necessary Connexion between the Mili-

tary Duty of these Officers and the Expenditure of Money for Military Services: This latter belongs properly to a Civil Department, and may beexecuted by a Civil Offi- cer. Major General William Roy, who, during the last War in Germany, was in the Departments both of the Quarter Master General and Chief Engineer, informed us, that no Public Money was issued to himjn either of these Capacities: He was no Accountant; but all the Expences incurred in these Departments were defrayed by the Deputy Paymaster General of tffe Forces, pur-

12 R leant

34*

1073

190 Junii. . 178 a.

Seventh Re. ft 1 ant to the Warrauts of the Commander in Chief issued n?jflionert°m' ^or Purpose. The Quarter Mailer General and of Public Chief Engineer were considered in that Army as Checks

Account*, upon the Expenditure on Behalf of the Public: They were to see that the Articles supplied were good of the Kind, adequate to the Services they were intended for, and that there was no Waste.

We are therefore of Opinion, that the Orders of thte 23d December 1780, should be put in Force forthwith throughout the whole Army: that no Officer should be permitted to have a Property or Interest in any Article whatever, which the Duty of his Office obliges him to provide for the Service of the Army; If purchased, it should be purchased by and for the (life of Government; if hired, it should be hired of Persons unconnected witht Military Service. We are likewise of Opinion, that the Payments should be taken from the Military Officer, and thrown upon the Deputy Paymaster General of the Forces, who is the proper Cashier of the Array* to be carried on by him, in pursuance of the Warrants of the Commander in Chief.

The other Point, in which we think the Public have not been sufficiently guarded, is the Allowance of the Vouchers without Sufficient Examination: This Defect pervades every Branch of the Expenditure under our Consideration. The principal Officers in these Departments are the Persons accountable: They make up, pass, and swear to the Accounts; but, having a Variety of other material Business to transact in their several Stations, they have no Leisure to attend to the actual Payments: A Quarter Mailer General, whose Account £*0,000. ^mounted to above Six hundred thousand Pounds, wad for Five Months together upon Duty in the Field, without having been able once to attend his Office. lie is likewise obliged to pass the Account of a Sura never received by him, but issued to and expended by an Affiil-aut Deputy Quarter Mailer General, whom he neither ^*35- appointed nor knew; and the Warrant issued to this Assistant Hates, that the Sum therein directed i$ to be accounted for by the Quarter Mailer General. The Chief Engineer considers himself as liable to account for Sums, no Part of which he either receives or pays, nor are the Payments made in his Name; for, though the Sum is made payable to him by the Warrant, yet he never actually receives it; bu^he indorse* the Warrant to the Paymaster of the Works, who receives the Whole, and with it discharges Bills, either directed to him for Payment by the Chief Engineer Of the Commander in Chief, or at his own Discretion without the Intervention of either, and.takes the Receipts in his own Name.

Tltis important Business of Expenditure, that requires Attention, Circumspection, Accuracy, and Fidelity, must be entrulled to inferior Officers, Clerks, and even to Strangers. /

The Making up and Examination of the Accounts is conducted in the following Manner: — Every Quarter the Accountant collects together from his Deputies, Afirstants, and Clerks, all the Vouchers for the'Payments made by them during that Quarter: They are abstracted1, digelled under Heads, and bundled up together. The Abstract is produced to the Commander in Chief for his Inspection and Approbation, and in order to obtain a Final Warrant for the Amount of the Abstra6L The Vouchers are ready for his Inspection. if he requires it. This is the FirstCheokto which the Account is submitted. It is not to be imagined that the many important Objects, that mud continually engross the Attention of the General of an Army, will afford him either Leisure or Patience to examine voluminous Bundles of Vouchers: He may fonaetimes, upon a transient View of the Abstract, find some Article that excites his Curiosity to call for an Explanation; but lie cannot pofl#>ly enter into the Detail, or minutely examine into the Circumstances ofa complicated Receipt; and therefore, uulefsfach an Instance ocqurs for Inspee-22

lion* the Vouchers are? left unesam hied in the Hands of the Accountant, and the Commander in Chief depends upon his Honour that he has them in his Possession.

After the Final Warrant is obtained* this Abstract and the Vouchers are lent Home to be examined, that the Account may be passed in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest. It is utterly impossible the Vouchers can be sufficiently scrutinizediu this Office, for want of Evidence: The Accountant is the proper Person to give them Information; and he, very possibly, is not privy to the Payment, or to any one Cirpumftance dated in the Voucher.

Charles Harris, Esquire, One of the Deputy Auditors of the Imprest, tells us the Grounds upon which a1 Voucher, for a Payment for the Extraordinary Service Abroad, is, and of Necessity mud be, allowed in that Office: If it contains a certain Sum received, the Signature of a Person receiving, and a just Computation, and agrees with the AbstraiCT, it is deemed and admitted as a fair Voucher: For the Truth of it, they rely upon the Oath taken by the Accountant before hie BarojiS of the Exchequer, when he paflfes his Account. In Fast, in those Accounts which have been already passed in this Office, nh Inquiry seems to have been made into the Truth of the Vouchers, whitqver Questions might arise upon the Face of them. By the Form of this Oath, which We Obtained from the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest, the Acotmtant {Wears that the Account is just and true, according to the best of his Knowledge' and Belief: These latter Words mud, as we conceive, be interpreted by him so to qualify the Oath, as to enable hirrito swear with Safety to those Items of Ins Account, of tlte Iranfact ing of which he has no Other Knowledge that what the Vouchers themselves give him, aid where lie knows nothing of the Persons Who transact them, except probably their general Characters: No great Reliance, then, can be had, for the Truth of the Voucher, upon the Oath of the Accountant; because that Oath, so worded, is no additional Evidence of its Truth.

From thus tracing the Voucher, from the Pay Office of the Department in North America to the Office of its finalExamination ini England, it appears, that the Public may be defrauded in a Transaction, and yet the Voucher of that Transactk>n may pass through all its Stages of Examination unfa spefted and unimpeached, and be sworn to by the Accountant without the Violation of hiS Oath. Various are tWe Ways and Means by which the Fraud may be committed: The Agreement or Purebafe may be made by Collusion: The Subject Mattefr of the Receipt may be false in Quantity or Quality: The Service over-rated, or not performed: The Sum inserted may be more than the Suiahona^side paid: The Receipt may be obtained by Compuifion or Collusion, upon false or forged Certificates: It may have been signed hr Blank, and filled up afterwards with false Sums, or signed with a feigned Name; and yet the VoteheT may be fair'upon the Face of it; and these girofs Frauds will escape Detection.

These Suggestiorrt are not mere Snrmifes; they rest not'on bare Possibility or Imagination: They are warranted by what we have observed in the Accounts of the Quarter Masteri General, which have been passed in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest. Certain Vouchers have been there admitted as Evidence of Payments, to Persons who never did in Fact receive, nor could be supposed likely to be entrulled with the Receipt of the Sums inserted in these Vouchers: The Receipts for the Hire of the Drivers, Waggons, and Horses (no inconsiderable Sum) are not in Truth what thtey purport to be upon the Face of them; they carry the Appearance ofi and are produced as the Receipt of, a certain Sam, by the Person whose Name or Signature is set opphfite. to that Sum; the Sum is compounded of the Hire of the Driver; Waggon, and Horses, fora certain Time; but the Man receiving, or signing, or

setting

i i Geo. III.

l$t° Ju

N

Seventh Re- setting his Mark to the Receipt, is usually the Driver port of Com- only, frequently a Negro, or some Person in the Joweft Public Ac- Capacity, to whom nothing would be entrnfted: He is count*. the oftenlible Receiver of the Whole, whereas he in Truth receives a very strifling Part of it, his own Wages only; the Remainder, being the Hire of the Waggon and Horses, is paid or accounted for to the Officer to whom they belong, but whose'Receipt does not appear as a Voucher for the Accountant. The Artificers and Labourers are paid by Lifts, in like Manner with the Drivers; not individually in the Office of the Department, but by the Overseers, who receive the grbfs Amount of the Lift, and, after having paid it, bring it back to the Office, with the Names of the Persons receiving set opposite to the Sums they were to receive.

Since the Drivers (and very numerous they are) are prevailed upon or induced by Custom to sign Receipts for Sams they never receive, there may be Reasons or Inducements for the tike Practice in various other Branches of the Expenditure; and in every Instancb of this Kind the Voucher is not true.

Having been informed that some Meafares had been taken by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Purpose of controtrling. the Expenditure of this Money in North America, we issued to them our Precept for Copiesof the Commissions and Instructkms given to the Commissaries of Accounts in North America, and Extracts of their Correspondence relative thereto: In consequence of this Requisiti'on, we received the Copy 37* of a Commission, dated 15th 1779, appoint-

ing Major DuncanDrummondCovcimMSary of Accounts, to examine, audit, and certify all Accounts whatsoever of Money due for Forage, Bread, and Provisions, furnished by Contract or otherwise, and delivered for the Use of the Army and Hospitals, and for all other Extraordinary Services. The same Power had been before delegated to Daniel Chamier Esquire, by Com* million dated ill of February 1777,but does not appear to have been ever executed. We find,- by Papers transmitted to us with this Commission (some of which N* 38. we have inserted in the Appendix) that in pursuance of that Commission, and of Directions and Instructions relative thereto, transmitted from Time to Time from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to the Commanders in Chief and Commissary of Accounts, some Progress has been made in carrying the Powers of that Commission into Execution;, bdt how far it has been effectual to the Prevention or Diminution of the Evil, it has not been in our Power to discover.

Of the Ten Millions and upwards that have been issued for these Services to North America within the laftSix Years, Accounts of a few Officers only, amount* £. 1,100,000. >ng to about One Million One hundred thou'fond Pounds, have been as yet rendered in the proper Office. £. 140*00The Accounts of about One hundred and Forty

thousand Pounds more are ready: So that the Expense. 8,760,00c; diture of Eight Millions Seven hundred and Sixty thousand Pounds Hill remain to be accounted for.

By an Account of the yearly average Number of H is Majesty's Forces serving at Nezo York and its Dependencies, from the iff of January 1776 to the 3 iff of December 1780, extracted from Returns of those Forces made to us from the War Office, pursuant to our Requisition, it appears that the Number of the Forces decreased every Year from 1778; but front the Account of the Contractors for remitting, the Issue for the Extraordinary Services of the Army greatly increased during the same Period.

In the Account of the Issues to the Officers in the Eour Departments, we find that the Warrants issued to the Quarter Mailers General fmce the 16th of July 1780, and to the Barrack Mailers General since the 29th of June 1780, and tb the Commissaries General since the 25th of May 1778, have been all temporary, for Suifts 6h Account; that no final Warrant has been granted since those several Periods-: So that these Sums have been issued without even the Ceremony of a Quarterly Abstract, and the confidential Relianoe on the Officer that his Vouchers are forthcoming.

Of tliele Ten Millions there have been issued tb Canada, between the ill of June 1776 and the 23d of October last, Two Millions Two hundred Thirty-six thousand add Twenty-nine Pounds Eleven Shillings and Seven Pence; a Province, whose Military Operations fmce the Year 1777, the Public are not made acquainted with. This Issue has been increasing every Year, and no apparent Reason for it; and upon the Expenditure in this Province there exists no Check or Controul, that we know of, whatever.

These are Circumstances of Suspicion and Alarm. The ordinary Forms of Examination and Accounting are neither comprehensive nor strong enough to embrace the various Circumstances of this Expenditure: They call for a minute, accurate, and rigid Investigation; but none such can, as we apprehend, be obtained in this Kingdom; the Evidence essentially necessary for that Purpose cannot be procured here. Should it be thought proper to subject these Accounts to such a Scrutiny, we can devise or fuggeff no Method of obtaining this End, unless the Legislature should think proper to refer all of them to ah Extfhnnraiifon to North America, by Persons intelligent in the Sdbject Matter, and unconnected with the Expenditure; wfib niay inquire into every Cirbufnftstnfce of thk Trdnfaction, and have Recourse to every Perfotf concerned in if, dnd who may be authorised aftd directed tc/etfaffitoe1 into the whole Expenditure1, aW well of the antecedent' as subsequent Iflites. The Gommahdetein Chief ntWy be enjoined to give them their Chttnffehahfce, Ptfote&idit, and Support, and not to1 grant Warrants fert* the Payment of any Article of these Expibrtees Without the Testimony of their Allowance. The DtfellbwanCe the Voucher comes too late, after Payment. By a ChCfck and Controul thus established Upon the Spbt, and by an able and conscientious Execution of such' <i Trull, the Publicmight be enabledto obtain Reffitution where they have been defrauded, and Security a'gHihft Imposition and Peculation for the future.

Office of Accounts, Surrey Street, 18th June 1782.

T. Anguijfi, (L. S.) A.Piggott, [L. S.) Rich' Neave, (I.. S.) Sahi‘ Beachcrcft, (L. S.) Geo. Drummond, (Li S.)

Vojl. 38.

append

N" 10.

N* it.

' 1,134,019 11. f.

1074

ip° Junii. 1781.

Seventh port of Com*

jniltnners of

Public

Accounts*

APPENDIX,

N* u

An Account of the Sums granted by Parlfament for the Extraordinary Services of the Army, from the 31st January 1776 to the ift of February 1782.

Amount Anno 1776 Amount Anno 1777 Amount Anno 1778 Amount Anno 1779 Amount Amo 1780 Amount Anno 1781

- A

Total - £.

£ > d.

2,170,602 12 5

2,200,223 13 — 3,026,137 4 4

3,418,805 l8 II

4,343^17 19 8

4,343,981 14 4

19,502,969 2 8

N* 2.

Account of the Monies issued to Messrs. Harley and Drummond, pursuant to His Majesty's Warrants, for the Extraordinary Services of His Majesty's Forces serving in Norik America, from the ift of January 1776 to the 31st of Decembci' 1781. Prepared pursuant to a Pre-cqjt from the Commissioners of Accounts, dated the 14th of February 1782.

To sundry Issues made to Messrs.

Harley and Drummond, pursuant to His. Majesty's Warrants, for the Extraordinary Services of His Majesty's Forces serving in North America, from the ift of January 1776 to the 31st of December following -To D° made to D % pursuant to D°, for D° Services, from the 1 ft of January 1777 to the 31st of December following - - - -To D° made to D°, pursuant to D°, for D° Services, from the ift of January 1778 to the 31st of December following - - - *

To D* made to D*, pursuant toD°, for D° Services, from the ift of January 1779 to the 31st of December following - -

To D° made to D°, pursuant to D°, for D° Services, from the 1 ft of January 1780 to the 31st of December following - -

To D* made to D°,pursuant to D % for D° Services, from the 1 ft of January 1781 to the 31st of December following - -

*49>973 18 5

1,102,061 8 10

1,368,202 1 —

M5&5*6 8 7

2,588,339 17 s

2,4r9>759 8 3

for remitting Money for the Use and Service of Ftis Majesty's Forces serving in North America. When a Requisition is sent by the Commander in Chief at New York to the Agents of the Remitters, expressing the Want of a certain Sum for the Extraordinary Services of the Army, for the ensuing Quarter, that Requisition is transmittefd by them to the Remitters in England, and a Duplicate is sent, as he is informed, by the Commander in Chief, to the Treasury.

The Remitters usually receive, with the Requisition, Advice of Bills drawn upon them by their Agents in consequence thereof; upon which they apply to the Treasury by Memorial, with a List of the Bills annexed, for Money to enable them to extinguish those Bills: They then receive from the Treasury a Warrant, directed to the Paymaster General of the Forces, to pay to the Remitters the Sum therein mentioned, to satisfy the Whole or a Part of the Sum mentioned in the Memorial. The Paymaster General receives the Money from the Exchequer, and gives to the Remitters a Draft upon the Bank for that Sum; who apply the same to extinguish those Bills.

Where no Bills are drawn by the Agents, and Money is to be remitted to America, in order to support the Exchange there, Money is obtained from the Paymaster General of the Forces in the same Manner, and remitted to America according to special Directions given by the Treasury. Money thus remitted thfc Agents are directed to be very careful of, and not to make Use of, unless the Money-holders should lower the Exchange upon them.

Where the Commander in Chief makes no Requisition, the Remitters receive from their Agents Information of what Money is wanted. The Agents pay the Sums they receive for the Use of the Army to the Deputy Paymasters Abroad, upon their Application.

This Examinant further faith, That the present Agreement between the Treasury and the Contractors, for remitting is One and a Half per Cent. together with all Fees of Office, and the Expence of Transportation. The Contractors would not take upon themselves the Payment of the Fees of Office, because they knew not how to draw the Line relative to the Quantum.

Thos Neale,

T. Anguish,

Richd Neave,

Sami Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 4.

The Examination of the honourable Lieutenant General Sir William Hozoe, K. B.; taken upon Oath, 4th and 5th March, and 22d April, 1782.

£ 10,083,863 2 6

Pay Office, Ilorfe Guardi, c

26th February 1782. Chef Bembridge,

Accountant.

N* 3.

The Examination of Thomas Neale Esquire; taken upon Oath, the 26th of February and 6th of March 1782.

This Examinant faith, That he is Agent in London to Messrs. Harley and Drummond, the Contractors *7

Sir William Howe faith, That he was Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Forces within the Colonies laying on the Atlantic Ocean, from Nova Scotia to Wtfl Florida, from the 10th of October 1775 to the 23d of May 1778.

No Money placed in the Hands of the Deputy Paymaster General of the Forces, for the Extraordinary Services of the Army, can be issued without the Authority of the Commander in Chief; this Authority is sometimes delegated by him to General Officers commanding Corps, in Cafes of Necessity, where the Communication is either interrupted or too distant.

He, as Commander in Chief, exercised this Power, by granting either Temporary or Final Warrants to Of-

iicqs

4

22 Geo. III. i o° Junii. 1075

ficers at the Heads of those Departments employed in the Expenditure of the Public Money for the Army Services. The Temporary Warrant, is a Warrant for Money issued upon Account at the Requisition of the Officer. At the End of every Quarter, or as soon after as the Service would admit, lie, as Commander in Chief, required from the Heads of each Department an Account of the Sunv expended for the laftrimfettled Quarters: Pursuant to this Requisition, the Officer laid Before him the Quarterly Abllraft of the Money disbursed by him in his Department, distinguillied under particular Heads; he examined this' Abstract, and if any Charge was either new, or higher than lie expected, A>r wanted Explanation, he either called for the Voucher for that Article, or for the Officer to explain it; other-wife the Vouchers were left unexamined in the Possession of the Officer, to be produced by him in the Office -where his Accounts were to be finally passed. The Vouchers are so numerous, and the Duties of a Commander in Chief arc so various and extensive, that it is -almost impossible for him to give his Attention toa'minute Examination into Accounts; but he generally either enquired of the Officer whether he had the Vouchers for the different Articles, or depended upon his Honour that he had them all in his Possession. If no Objection appeared to this Abfiraet, he granted a Pinal Warrant, directed to the Deputy Paymaster General, for the Payment of the total Sum therein mentioned, with the Abstract annexed. The Officer, as he apprehends, carries this Final Warrant to the Deputy Pay mailer General, takes up from him, and cancels the Temporary Warrants, and receives the Balance, leaving with the Deputy Paymaster General the Warrant anil Abstract, as his Voucher.

The Officers to whom he, as Commander in Chief, issued Money, for which they were accountable, were, the Secretary and Paymaster to the Commander in Chief, the Paymaster General of the Provincial Troops, the Quarter Master General, the Commissary General, the Barrack Master General, the Chief Eugineer, the Su-perintendant of Indian Adairs, the Bridge Master, the Purveyors of the Hospitals, and the Commissary of Prisoners. When lie came to the Command of the Arm-y, he found that the Quarter Master General, the Commissary General, the Barrack Master General, «nd the Chief Engineer, were Officers enirufted with the Expenditure of Part of the Public Money; he continued to entrust them with so much Money as the Services of their respective Departments required. He does not consider it as absolutely necessary that these Officers should be entrusted with the Payment of Money; that Trust may be lodged in other Persons. All these Accountants were paid in the same Manner, upon producing Abstracts of their Expenditure, by-Final Warrants granted to them upon the Deputy Paymaster General: He found this to be the Mode in Use when he first took the Commasd of the Army, and continued it during his Time. Confidence is placed in the principal Officers, that they execute their several Trusts with Honesty and Fidelity, and they are subject to a future Account at Home. If these Accounts were not discharged, the Service could not go on. Lists of/these Warrants are sent Home every Quarter, or soon after every Settlement, to the Commissioners of the Treasury. in feme Cafes of inferior Officers, lie did not discharge the Accounts until they had been examined by some Officer to whom lie referred them. There was no Check upon the Officers employed in this Expenditure, except the Examination by the Commander in Chief above-mentioned.

The Regulations by whiqh the several Departments are governed, flow from the Commander in Chief, and no Alterations can be made in those Regulations but by his Orders. In forming the Regulations, he usually consulted the Officers at the Heads of the several De-

Yoi.. 38.

partments. He, as Commander in Chief, appointed all Seventh those additional Staff Officers which the Necessity of the Commission Service required, such as Deputy Quarter Matters, De- trs „f pubUe puty Barrack Matters, some Assistant Commissaries, and Accounts, other inferior Officers, and the superior Officers themselves, upon a Vacancy.

He settled what Number of Waggons, Horses, and Drivers should be employed for a Campaign; and the Distribution of them amongst the several Regiments,

Corps, and Departments. These were in general retained the whole Year; had they been discharged at -the End of the Campaign, it would have been hardly possible to have procured them when wanted; and all of them were at one Time in the Winter, whilst the Army was at Philadelphia, employed in bringing in Forage, and the regimental Waggons were constantly employed in the regimental Servioes.

He settled the Price of the Hire of the Waggons,

Horses, and Privers, and the Tonnage of the Small Craft employed. No Waggons or Horses were purchased for the Use of the Army; the hiring them was considered as the greatest Saving to the Public, because they could then be discharged at any Time without Loss. If they were loft in the Service, the Proprietors were to be paid for them.

Finding a Necessity for a Naval Officer who ftiouhl provide proper Vessels, and take Care that they were well equipped, and forth-coming when wanted, and not detained in the Service longer than was necessary — for these, and other Purposes mentioned in the Warrant, he appointed Captain David Laird to the Office -of Super-intendant of Vefl'ejs. This firanoh before belonged to the Department of the Quarter Master General, but his Buimefs grew too exlenfive for him to give l'uffieicnt Attention to it. *

Mr. Daniel Chamier received aCommission appointing him Commissary of Accounts attending the Army in North America; but he does not know or believe 'that he ever acted under that Authority.

T. Angui/h,

A. Piggott,

RichdNeave,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 5-

The Examination of the Right honourable Lieutenant General Earl Cornw; taken upon Oath, 27th of February, and ift of,

1782.:

Lord Cornwallis faith. That when he was left in Command in South Carolina, in June 1780, lie received Instructions from Sir Henry Clinton, the Commander in Chief, to grant Warrants upon the Deputy Paymaster General in Charles Town, for Money applicable to the Services of the Array; in consequence of these Instructions, he issued Warrants to the several Officers employed in the Expenditure of the Public Money, particularly to the Quarter Master General, Commissary General, and Persons in other inferior Departments; most of these Warrants were, as he believes. Temporary, and upon Account, and granted upon the Application of Officers, suggesting that they were in want of Monty to carry on the Services of their several Departments.

Having found, upon several Occasions, the Waggons and Horses employed in the Public Service in bad Condition, and unable to perform the Services required, he wished to apply the most effectual Remedy to this Evil; and, as it had been customary for the Quarter Master General to provide both for the Use of the ^rmy, he thought it necessary to direct that the Quarter Master General should have no Property in either the Waggons or the Horses; and this was one Object of Orders issued

12 S by-

f '

Seventh Report of Commissioners of Public Accounts.

1076

19* Junii. A. 1781.

by him, and dated the 23d December 1780: The same Orders contained Directions relative to the Craft provided by the Quarter Mailer General for the use of the Army. Another Object of these Orders was the Com* miliary General: He had observed that it had been the Custom for the regimental Quarter Mailers, when they received Provisions from the Commissary General, to give him Receipts for a complete Ration, without distinguishing whether it confilted of Provisions received from Europe, or procured in that Country; whereas the latter were often got for nothing, or at a Price inferior to that of the European Ration: To remedy this Evil, he issued those Orders relative to the Commissary General. To prevent Provisions taken from the Country, and either not paid for, or paid for at a certain Price, from being charged to the Account of the Public, either at all, or at a greater Price than they were purchased at, he appointed Commissaries of Captures, who collected Provisions from the Country, and gave Receipts for them to those Persons only who were Friends; and delivered out those Provisions to the Troops without taking Receipts for them; by which Means those Receipts only given to the Proprietors of the Provisions could be brought in Charge against the Public.

That these Receipts given by the Commissaries of Captures might be paid at New , and some Indulgences promised by him to the Troops might be allowed, he delivered to the Commander in Chief at New York a Paper containing Memorandums for that Purpose, which Paper he will lay before the Board, as it fully describes the Steps he had taken relative to his Mode of supplying the Army under his Command.

t Cornwallis.

T. Anguish,

Rich4 Neave,

Sam1 Beachcrvft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* G.

By his Excellency the honourable General Sir William Howe, General and Commander in Chief of all His Majesty's Forces within the Colonies laying on the Atlantic Ocean, from Nova Scotia to West Florida inclusive, &c. fcc. Jtc.

You are hereby directed and, required, out of such Monies as are or shall come to your Hands, for the Contingent or Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Forces under my Command, to pay, or cause to be paid to Brigadier General Sir William Quarter

Mailer (General, or his Assigns, without Deduction, the Sum of Fifty-four thousand Eight hundred and Fifty-nine Pounds Sixteen Shillings Sterling, being the Amount of Expences incurred in the Quarter Mailer General's Department, for marching Troops, Freight of Transports, and other Contingencies in said Department, from the ill April to 30th June 1777, both Days included, as per the annexed Account, the Vouchers for which are lodged with Brigadier General Sir Erskine; and for so doing, this, with the Acquittance of the said Brigadier General Sir;

or his Assigns, shall be your sufficient Warrant and Discharge.

Given under my Hand, at I lead Quarters in Philadelphia, the 31st Day of December 1777.

To Thomas Barrow, Ef-

quire, Deputy Paymaster W. Ilowe.

General of His Majesty's Forces.

By his Excellency's Command.

Robert Mackenzie.

K* 7.' '

The Examination of Brigadier General William Dalrymple, Quarter Matter General in North America-, taken upon Oath, the 4th and 8th of.il/tfy1781.

This Examinant faith, That he was appointed Quarter Mailer General to the Army under the Command of Sir Henrx) Clinton, in North America, in

1779, and succeeded Sir William Erskine in that Office: he went from England in March following, arrived at Neio York about the End of April, and immediately failed for Charles Town-,from thence he. returned to New York in June. During his Absence, in the Months of April, May, and June, the Business of the Quarter Mailer General at New York was executed by Lord Cathcart (who was pro tempore Quarter Master General) and by the Deputies in that Department. The Mode of obtaining. Money by the Quarter Mailer General is, by a Memorial to the Commander in Chief, praying a Sum may be issued to him upon Account, by Warrant upon the Deputy Paymaster; upon producing this Warrant to him, he gives an Order upon the Agents of the Remitters for the Sum.

The tirll and only Account for which he obtained a definitive Warrant from the Commander in Chief, was for the Expenditure of the Money in his Department at New York, for the Months of April, May, and June

1780. He collected from the several Deputy Quarter Mailers General, and procured from his own Office, the Vouchers for the Transactions during that Period, of which he made an Abfiraft, and carried that Abllracl, with a Final Warrant annexed, to the Commander in Chief, and left them with him for his Inspection, and informed him he had the Vouchers ready for his Examination.

He believes the usual Method is for the Secretary to examine the Abstract with the Warrant, and to make his Report to the Commander in Chief, who signs the Warrant for the Sum Total mentioned in the Abstrafr, and the Secretary countersigns it. He believes it is not usual, and hardly possible, for the Commander in Chief, or his Secretary, to examine the Vouchers, they are generally so very voluminous, and must be transmitted to the Office of theAuditors of thelmpreft to be definitively examined, and allowed of by them, previous to the Quarter Mailer General's passing his Accounts.

Inevery Service Superintendants are appointed, who fee, arid certify to the Quarter Master General, that the Service is actually performed. No Person is paid for any Service without producing proper Certificates, signed by those Superintendants, of the Serv ice being performed. Every Person who receives Money at the Office, signs Three or Four Receipts for the Sum.

The Price for the Hire of Vessels, Horses, Waggon?, Drivers, Conductors, Artizans, and Day Labourers, has not increased since the Time either Sir William. Howe or General Gage commanded the Army in America, and settled the several Prices. I

The Horses used by the Army for drawing the foreign Artillery, Regimental and other Waggons for Stores and Provisions (of which the Distribution is settled by the Commander in Chief) are hired by the Quarter Mailer General for an unlimited Time, each at near One Shilling and Nine Pence a Day Sterling, and to be supplied with a Ration a Day (according to a stipulated Weight) of Hay and Grain, which frequently cannot bfe complied with for want of Forage. The Establishment is permanent, because was it broke in upon, it could not be re-established, for the Proprietors can employ their Cattle to much more Advantage than upon the present Pay of Government. The Waggons are hired at the same Price.

The Drivers necessary for the Waggons are hired e^h at near One Shilling and Nine Pence Sterling a Dry,

and

a a Geo. III. iq° JuriiL *077

and a Ration of Provisions; these are kept in pay daring the whole Year, because, were they discharged, they could be employed more to their own Advantage, and it would be difficult to replace them. Demands for these Articles are paid every Three Months, upon the Certificates of the proper Officer of each Corps, specifying the Names, the Time of Employment, and Sums due to each Person for each Article.

All Demands are paid either in Cash, or in Bills drawn by the Agents of the Remitters upon their Principals in London, which Bills are ifi'ued at the Market Price.

Great Part of the Carriage necessary for the Business of the Barrack Master General, and for the Chief Engineer, is performed by the Department of the Quarter

Master General.

Guy Carle ton, T. Anguish, W. Dalry?nple. <r

]lichd Neave, Sam1 Beaciicroft, Geo. Drummond. N* 8.

The Examination of Peter Paumier, Esquire, one of the Deputy Commissaries to the Army in North America; taken upon Oath, the ill, 7th, and 3 th of May 1781.

This Examinant faith, That he is now, and hath been for Five Years, Deputy Commissary to the Forces in North America; first, to Mr. Chamier, and afterwards to Mr, JVicr, the present Commissary. lie is appointed by the King's Warrant, countersigned by the Lords of the Treasury. He is subject to the Controul of, and receives his Instructions from, the Commissary General. His Business is to superintend the Provisions of the Army, and their Distribution atnongfl the Troops; to procure Provisions when wanted; and to vidtual the Transports. The Provisions lent from Europe are generally consigned to the Commander in Chief, and delivered to the Commissary General in America, or to his Deputies or Assistants. When salt or dry Provisions are wanted, the Commissary General himself, where he is resident, otherwise his Deputy, makes an Agreement, commonly in Writing, with the Per 1'ons from whom lie purchases them: The Terms of this Agreement, are, he believes, always communicated to, and approved of by, the Commander in Chief; who seldom, if ever, has any Communication with the Persons who fell the Pro-'visions.

After Provisions are contracted for, the Commissary General gives his verbal Directions to oneoflffis Assistant Commissaries, to receive into His Majesty's Stores the Provisions lie has agreed for, if found and good; whiqh Assistant gives the Seller a Certificate of what he has delivered, and reports in Writing to the Commissary General the Quantity received. There is an Officer called an Inspector, appointed by the Commissary General, whose foie Business is to examine into the Quality and State of all Prov ifions at the Time of their Delivery into Store, and who reports to the Assistant Commissary, upon every Receipt of Provisions, their Quality and Quantity. The Value is left to the Judgment of the Commissary General, and the Quality to the Judgment of the Inspector. The Seller, after he has obtained his Certificate from the Assistant Commissary, makes out Bills of Parcels to, and is paid by, the Commissary General; to whom lie gives a Receipt for the Money. It is not usual to have a Witness either to the Payment of the Money or the Signing of the Receipt. Agreements for these Provisions are usually made in Sterling, and are paid for either in Cash, or Bills upon the Remitters, as fnoft convenient.

Vol. 38.

When Forage is wanted, the Commander in Chief, Seventh Re-Commandant of the Town, and Commissary General, hold a Meeting with the principal Landholders of the put>i,c Country, in order to fix the Price of the different Articles Accounts. of Forage, and of the Carriage. When the Price is let-tied, a Proclamation is ifi'ued by the Commander in Chief, ordering the Inhabitants oQhe Country to bring their Forage to Places mentioned in an Act vert ifoment by the Commissary General, at the Prices therein specified.

One of the Deputy Commissaries has the Charge of the Forage, and is called the Forage Officer; he appoints Assistants, with the Consent of the Commissary General, to attend the Depots for Forage. These Assistants give Receipts to the Persons who bring it, specifying the particular Quantity and Species. These Receipts, being produced at the Forage Office at New York, are paid by the Forage Officer, according to the settled Price, and the Assistant is charged with the Quantity of Forage mentioned in the Receipt.

When Rum is wanted, the Commissary General advertises publicly for Persons to deliver in to him Propo-fals, sealed up, for supplying the Army with the Quantity wanted, according to certain Conditions to be seen at his Office. He communicates the Proposals he receives to the Commander in Chief, and contrails with such Persons as he approves of Upon the Delivery, an Officer called The King's Gauger, appointed by the Commissary General, together with aGuager appointed by the Contractor, gauges and proves the Rum; and upon a Report made by the King's Gauger of the Quantity and Proof, the Assistant Commissary gives the Contractor a Certificate of the Quantity so delivered, and he is paid by the Commiflaiy General according to such Certificate.

When Small Craft, for transporting Provisions and Forage from one Place to another, are wanted, the Cogi-miflary General presents a Memorial to the Commander in Chief, signifying that he is in wapt of a Supply of such Vessels; the Commander in Chidf then orders an Officer, called The Agent to the Army Victuallers (who is appointed by him) to consult with the Commissary General, and to settle the Number and Sort.of Vessels requisite; theyarethen hired by this Officer, from Month to Month, at Thirteen Shillings Sterling per Ton, which has been the settled Price during all the Time he has been in the Department of Deputy Commissary. This Officer, every Quarter, as he believes, gives the Owners Certificates of the Tonnage, and the Time such Vessels have been employed; who are paid by the Commissary General, in pursuarice of those Certificates.

When the Commissary General is in Want of Money, he applies by Memorial to the Commander in Chief;

who gives him a W arrant upon the Deputy Pay master for the Sum required; which Sum is imprested to him accordingly.

When a Deputy Commissary is detached, he has written Instructions from the Commissary General how to act, pursues exa&Iy the like Form of Proceedings, and afterwards settles his Accounts with him.

When the Army moves, or a Corps is detached, the Commander in Chief orders the Commissary to furnish him, with a certain Quantity of Provisions and Rum, either to go with the Army or Detachment, or to be feut to any particular Place. In pufuance of this Order, the Commissary fends One or more of his Assistants or Clerks with these Provisions, to take charge of the Ifi'ue of them: They are conveyed to the Army either by Land in Waggons, or by Water in Boats, or Small Craft, as most convenient; if by Water, the Boats or Small Craft are hired and procured by the Commissary* in the Manner before-mentioned. These Provisions are generally ifi'ued about Twice a Week, by some of the Assistants, to the Quarter Master of each Regiment; who demands and receives from them a certain Quantity

ao of

,ii„Cooqjte

'‘Sevcrith Report of Com nnflioncf* of tuhkjc Account*.

IO78

19* Junii. A. 1782.

ofProvisions, for a certain Number of Men, Women, and Children, fora certain Number of Days;. for which he gives a Receipt. These Issues are entered in the Commissary's Book. The Commifliiry does not examine whether there is really existing the Number of Persons for which the Quarter Matter makesaDemand for Provisions, unless he has Cause for Suspiciou; in which same he applies to the Commander in Chief, who refers him to the Adjutant General, to examine the Returns of that Regiment, and to compare them with the Demand of the Quarter Matter.

In Georgia, fresh Provittons were procured by the Commissary, either by Purchase at the Market Price, or by Valuation, or from the Cattle Hunters at the settled Price of a Dollar a Head; and were distributed, according to the Orders of the Commander in Chief, in the place'of Salt Provittons, amongst the Troops; who receive also at the same Time their Proportion of Bread or Flour, and the small Species of the Ration, consisting of Peas, Oatmeal, and Butter. The:Quarter Matter gives his Receipts for complete Rations; but an Entry is made in the Commissary's Books of the Days when fresh Provittons are delivered; which Books are examined and checked by the Commissary General; whose Accounts are subject to no Check or Controul in,

that he knows of.

Where Provittons are damaged or spoiled, the Commissary who superintends them applies to the Commis-fary General, desiring the y may be surveyed; he directs the Inspector, the Agent of the Army Victuallers, with some Merchants, not less than Three, to survey them; they all certify to him the State and Condition of the Provittons: Those that are reported to be worth some--thing, are fold poblidy, by Order of the Commissary General, and the Money paid to him or his Deputy.; those reported good for nothing, are destroyed, generally in the Presence of the Persons who surveyed them.

Peter

Guy Carletou,

T. Anguijhy A. Piggott,

Sam1 Beacher oft.

Geo. Drummond.

n-9.

The Examination of Mr. Ahijah Willard; taken upon Oath, the 9th of May 1781.

This Examinant faith, That he was first employed, in July 1775, by General Gage, to procure fresh Provittons for the Army, and has continued ever since in that Department.

When the Array is in Winter Quarters, and in want of fresh Provittons, he applies, by Direction of the Commissary General, to the Commander in Chief; who gives him Orders to procure a certain Quantity of Cattle. In consequence of these Orders, he fends out Persons he employs for that Purpose, to get them from the Inhabitants of the Country, and agrees with those Persons to giee them a certain Price by the Pound for the Cattle they bring to him.

In the Year 1776, when the Army landed at Staten Island, the Hated Price, by Order of the General, was Three Pence Halfpenny a Pound Sterling for Beef and

Mutton, and the Price Was tl»e same when the Army got to Long Island. In the Winter of that Year, while the Array was in the Jerseys, the Price was only One Penny Three Farthings, until the Capture at;

after which, in Spring 1777, the Price increased to Five Pence Farthing, and continued so until about 1778, when it rofeto Seven Pence, and Eight Pence Three Farthings; since which it has not been less than Eight. Pence Three Farthings, and fometiiaes he has given Ten Pence Halfpenny.

The Persons he fends out to procure the Cattle, get them either by Purchase, or by the belt Means they can, and deliver them to him at the Price agreed upon; for which he either gives them an Order for Payment on the Commissary General, or pays them in Cash or Bills at his own Office.

Sometimes he goes himself into the Country, and purchases Cattle from the Owners, upon the best Termsdie can make, and gives them Drafts upon the Commissary General; sometimes he purchases from the Corps of Refugees, who bring the Cattle within the Lines for that Purpose: He pays them in the same Manner.

Duringan Expedition, live Cattleare procured, either by Parties sent out by the General for that Purpose, or by the People of the Country bringing in their Cattlefor Sale. Where the Parties collect and bring in the Cattle, they are delivered to him or his Deputies. Sometimes the Owners come and claim to be paid for them; which is done, if the General, upon Examination, finds they belong to the Loyalists, and thinks proper to order them to be paid; otherwise nothing is paid for them. Where the Country People bring in their own Cattle, he purchases them at the best Price he can get them at.

He delivers out these Provittons in pursuance of Orders in Writing, either from the Commander in Chiefj the Commanding Officer, or from the Department of the Commissary General, specifying the Quantity, and Person to whom they are to be delivered; for which he always takes Receipts. Where there are any Purchasfers, he fells the Hides and Tallow, and accounts with the Commissary General for the Sum they are fold for. The Heads, Tongues, and Hearts, are delivered out as fresh Meat.

To enable him to make his Payments, he receives Money from the Commissary General, by Drafts upon the Deputy Pay matter.

He enters in his Bocks an Account of all the Cattle he receives, their Number, and Weights; the Time he receives them, the Persons he receives them of, and the Sum he pays for them; the Time he issues them out, by whose Order, to whom, and the Quantity.

He makes a Return every Week, to the Commissary General, of the State of his Stock in Hand; and every Month he makes up a complete Account of all his Receipts, Issues, and Remains during that Month, and delivers it to the Commissary General; who every Two Months examines and finally settles his Accounts.

Abijah Willard.

Guy Carleton,

T. Angui/h,

Sam! Beachcroft, Geo. Drummond.

N* M.

22 Geo. III. ip" Jumi.

i°79

Seventh Report of Com-

N' io. miIhoners of

Public Ac-

Am ACCOUNT of the Sums issued to Officers in the Departments of the Quarter Mafier General, Barrack Mailer General, Comtniflary General, and Chief Engineer, to His Majesty's Forces at New York and its Dependencies, from the id of January 1776 to the 31st of December 1781. Extracted from the Quarterly Lists of Warrants transmitted by the Commanders in Chief to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury.

The QUARTER-MASTER GENERAL.

s. d.

I-

s.

s. d.

To Lieut. Colonel William Shirreff.

1776. May 6th

June 3d

6th 30th October 10th -December 18th 26th 27th

31(1

1^77. April 10th

18th

May 12th June 9th 30th

1778. April 9th

10 th

Total issued to Lieut. Colonel Shirreff

16,29115 — 1,053 *5 —

i5>3So *3 5 22,751 6 4

806 10 8

3,897 —

5,48s 15 — 6,32715 —

510 17 6

4,178 12 6

45,68719 2 1,190 7 6

7,462 1 —

671 4 2

3,7Z3 *3 5

10.000 ——

189 15 —

I,008 I5 --

370 16 6

10,511 18 6]

23,889 18 10 38,841 5 10

19,902 12 11

6.000 -

246,137 8 3f

To Sir William Erskine.

.1777. March 31st

May 26th 27th June 30th December 31st

1778. January 14th -

17th -April 14th -15th 20th

29th -

May 14th 27th 28th September 15th

24th

25th

26th - *-

30th

Vol. 38.

28,412 15 —

11,337 10

5°3 i5 —

1,085 ——

_ . 31,846 12 6

1,188 19 4 11,472 11 — 54,859 16 — 18,558 5 2 32,574 18 9

3,565 ——

552 15 —

28,488 17 1

- - 471 !5

20,000 — — 246 17 6

573 r5 —

5,151 8 10

1,098 15 —

5,871 5 —

- 3^,437 J5 10

35,600 17 3

26,930 15 — 23,044 10 —

- 14,858 17 — i

- i3>37i 2 6

1,321 12 I

5,957 5 I0i

12 T

November

Seventh Re-

of Corrw roiffiootrs of Public Ac-CCMinU.

1080

19° Junii.

1778. 21 ft

1779. February 9U1 -

May 24th

25th 28th 29 th yune 30th

Total issued to Sir William Erjlcine

£ s. d.

- - - 54>99° — —

- - 4 0,000 — —

- - - 5°>9°9 13 8

- - - 3»772 10 10

- - - 1,051 — 10

- - 24,762 7 6

- - - 48,955 13 4

_ - -

To Lord Cathcart.

1779* July 7th

28th September 22(1 October 18th -November 4th -December 8th -1780. March 16th -

April 30th May 20th 23d July 20th August 29th

Total issued to Lord Cathcart

1780.

1781,

To Brigadier General Dal/ymple.

May 23d 27th June 26th July 15th 16th August 14th October 31 ft -December 2 2d February 5th -April 6th May

June 12 th August 6th

16th -September :8th

October 13th -November 13 th December 13 th 29th -

Total issued to Brigadier General Dalrymple -

To Captain Henry.

1780. August 18th -

1781. June 2d....

Total issued to Captain Henry Savage -

Tola! issued to Officers in the Department of the Quarter Mailer General ——

BARRACK MASTER GENERAL.

To Major General James Robertson. 1776. May 30th / -

7"wtf3°th -

Total issued to Major General James Robertson

30.000 ——

20.000 — —

30.000 — — 6,010 15 —

40.000 — —

30.000 — —

1.000 ——

20.000 ——

20.000 ——

4.000 ——

27,928 18 5

5.000 ——

6,000 ——

19.000 ——

40.000 ----- .

8,321 11 5

40.000 ——

40.000 — - —

40.000 —

40.000 — — -

40.000 — —

40.000 — —

30.000 ——

2 2' 000 — —

15.000 ——

40.000 ——

15.000 ——

40.000 — —

20.000 ——

14.000 — —

11.000 ——

51»1556 9 3 600 ——

£. s. d.

635,824 12 io|

233*939 J3 5

520,321 11 5

52,156 9 3

A. 1782.

i- *' *

10 920 1 8^.

1,688,379 15 3 i

To

22 Geo. III.

To Lieut. Colonel George Clerk.

1777* s March 29th

June 6th

1778. May 10th

14 th

15 th

*779* October 16th February 8th March 8th

9th Max) 26th

June i ft

July 29th

December 2d

21ft

1780. February id

A/>ril 18th June 27th 29th

Total issued to Lieut. Colonel George Clerk

1 p# Junii.

I £ d* £ d.

108 X

To Major U'iliia.n 1780. July 18th

/September8th -October 19th December 20II1 178X. February tli March 26th May 28 th

August 4th September 11 th October 12 th November 30th December 31st

Total issued to Major William Crosbie

Total Issued to the Barrack Matters General

COMMISSARY GENERAL.

11,040 — 10J 10,047 6 io|

40, 06 1 6 7

16,060 6 —

1.855 — 6 18,025 — 7

2 i,959 8 5 37,260 2 53.

37.000 ——

12,421 8

33.000 ——

32.000 ——

20.000 — — .

26.000 ——

25.000 — —

25.000 ——

2»5g9 5 9i

37.000 ——

c

x. d.

Seventh Rej>o t of Com uflion* er« of Public Ate Mint*.

10,000 ——

20,000 ——

20,000 — -

25,000 ——

30,000 — -

33,000 ——

25,000 ——

25.000 ——

12.000 -

20,000 ——

15,000 ——

10,200 ——

406,298 18 9.

245,200 ——

662,419 — 5!

To Daniel Chamier,

1776. 4th

1777. March 29th

30th

1778. May 12 th

Total issued to Daniel , Esquire

To Daniel,

1778. April 25th May 5th

25th June 21st July 22d 29th August 25th September 3d -October 1 ith December 30th

1779. February 14th April 10th

May 6th 1 r

Vol. 38.

10,317 12 3I 2>54I 15 9

69,222 7 9

85.943 17 8i

168,025 13

6

50,805 9 6

9,245 6 8

20,000 -- —

3,000 ---

20,000 -

20,000 -

40,000 —

10,000 — ---

40,000 — ---

30,000 -

40,000 -

40,000 -- —

40,000 -

iuKC

Seventh Report of Com-nuflioners of Public Accounts.

108a

1779-

IQ

Junii.

1780.

1781.

June 3ot h -August 4th -September 7th October 15th November 22d December 13th February 12th March 20th April 25th -fc.May 24 th -26th -June 171I1 -24th -July6th -

August 5 th -September 21st October 30th November 13th December nth February 14th March 26th April »7th -August 13th 06lober 22c!

Total issued to Daniel Esquire

1781.

To Mr. Paumier.

November 20th -December 25th -

Total issued to Mr. Paumier

Total issued to Officers in the Department of the Commissary General -

CHIEF ENGINEER.

t776.

1777* 1778.

To Captain John Montrefor.

May 2 2d August 5th -January iff December 31st May 12 th -14 th -16th -September 14 th -21st 30th -

Total issued to Captain Montrefor

To Captain William Spry.

1776- June 5th

1778. May 15th

1779* March 10 th

Total issued to Captain William Spry

To Major Mathew Dixon.

1776.

*777-

December 31st May 16th -

'*Total issued to Major Mathew Dixon

£. s. d.

40,000 -

40,000 ——

40,000 ——

40,000 -

40,000 ——

40,000 ——

40,000 -

40,000 ——

40,000 ——

40,000 ——

10.000 -

40.000 ——

40.000 — —

40.000 — —

40.000 ——

40.000 — —

40.000 ——

40.000 — —

40.000 ——

40.000 ——

40.000 ——

40.000 — —

40.000 ——

40.000 — —

20,000

40,000

- - 14,093 15 7

- - 5»532 15 6£

- M77 1 9i

- - 27>°37 8 9 i

- - 1 ,877 1 3i

19,244 *7 7

- - 2»455 2 4

" - 11,889 19 51

— - ".403 7 2i

" " 15.935 9 lo|

10

829

3>l23 6,738 a,8oo ——

*7

7*

3

10,263 1

12,538 1

5*

11

£. s. d.

A. 1782

£ * d-

1,293,050 16 2

60,000

1,521,076 9 8

120,646 19 si

13,491 12 8

22,801 2 4

T»

"by

2 x Geo. III.

To Major General 1777. May27th

*719'

To Captain Alexander Mercer.

March gth 10th

July28 th August 5th November 26th 29th

April 13th

August 10 th 12th November 9th -10th-March 28th

29th -July 19th 20th September 12th 13th

November 28th December 7 th -

Total issued to Captain Alexander Mercer

*780.

1781.

To Captain D'Aubant. *779* November 25th

« r ' 11 ——

To Captain John Campbell.

1779. December 17th-

7780. 26th

28th

Total issued to Captain John Campbell

1780.

To Major Moncrief. May 19th

19° Junii.

£. s. d.

Total issued to Officers in the Department of the Chief Engineer-

("Quarter Matter Generali } Total issued to Officers in,) Barrack Matter General, f the Departments of the j Commissary General, f

(Chief Engineer, 3

£. s. d.

5,97* 19 n

7,808 17 7$

3.000 — — io»742 2 9l

5.000 — —

12,309 3 IO£j

10.000 — —

17.000 ——

12,358 5 8

10.000 ——

454 17 5!

10.000 — — 763 10 io£

8.000 ——

2,176 14 8}

8.000 ——

1,521 ~ 5

10.000 — —

8,328 9 4.

500 ——

1083

£. s. d.

i37>963 2

3,200 ——

13,233 11 11

5,oooo ——

322,308 10 jf

4,194,183 15 7

VoL 38.

tz u

Seventh Report of Commissioners of Public Accounts.

A. 178-2

1084 1 90 Junii.

Sect nth Report of CoA)- ndfli outre ftf

Public Ac- N# 11

count*. t i

An ACCOUNT of the Sums issued by the Commanders in Chief of His Majesty's Forces in Canada* for the Extraordinary Services of the Army, from the ill of June 17.76 to the 23d of October 1781. tx-trafted from the| Lists of Warrants transmitted by the Commanders in Chief to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury. .

1776.

"*777*

1778.

779*

1780.

1781.

Between the ill June and 31st August * - -

Between the 1 ft September and 30th. November Between the ill December and 31st December

Between the ill January and gift March Between the ill April and 30th June -Between the ill July and 30th September Between the ill October and 3.1st December

Between the ill January and 31st Between the ill April and goth June Between the ill July and 30th BetWeen the ill Odoberand jift

Between the ill January and 31st March Between the 1 ft April and 30th June -Between the ill July and 30th Becfween the ill October and 3.1st -

Between the ill January and 31st March Between the ill April and 30th June Between the ill July and 30th September Between the ill October and 31st December -

Between the ill January and 31st March Between the ill April and 30th June -Between the ill July and 30th September Between the ift October and 23d D* -

£ s. d. I- d.

- - 105*1 54 '9 — '

- - 41 75 1 7$ *

- - 10,8,<50 6 2 157*80 9*

u

- - - 121,634 18 7

- - 119,685 T3 8i;

- - 149,014 *5 4

- - 52>3'5i 11 .3 h 442,686 18 11

77,375 *9 9h

--- - 114,254 *5 6i

- 41,401 r3 9*i

" - 13,240 13 3 346,273 i

2 , 1 4*

- - 53-43 7 5?

- 147,806 16 i°i

- - 76,114 !3 lOf

m - 170,178 14 7 447,533 T O 9*

1 L

- - w 66,410 8 io|

- - 47,335 15 1

- 124,907 9

- - 2 *7,373 4 - 9i 456,026 l8 3*

85,472 *9 5

- - 115,160 ia ‘ 2.4

- - 153,766 1 74

- m 131,228 >9 2 485,628 12 51

C 2,236,029 I I 7

1

4

0

2 2 CjEO. HI.

19° Junii.

1085

N* 12.

An A C C O C? N T of Sums issued to Officers in the Department of the Commissary General at New~cven,!l

York, an«l its Dependencies, from the 28th of December 1776 to the 31st of A itgujl 1780. Extracted from Commission-

the Lift of Warrants granted by the Commanders in Chief Abroad ^received from the Office of the Paymaster ers of Public General of the Forces. " Account*.

1776. To John Morrison, Esquire, Deputy Commissary. C s. d.

December 28 th. Cadi, by Sir Henry Clinton's Warrant - - - 3,000

l177‘ , -

January 20th. Ditto, by Earl Percy's Ditto - - - 2,000

April2 2d. Ditto, by Ditto 1 Ditto - - T - 3,000

Augvjt 2 2d. Ditto, by Major General Pigot's Ditto - - - 2,000 — —

October 7th. Ditto, by Ditto Ditto - - - 2,000

November 13th. Ditto, by Ditto Ditto *- - - 1,000 —

December 29th. Ditto, by Ditto Ditto - - 1,000

1778.

March ift. Ditto, by Ditto Ditto - - 3,000

June 4th. Ditto, by Ditto Ditto - - 1,000 —

August ift, Ditto, by Ditto Ditto - - - ' 2,000

October ,5th. Ditto, by Ditto Ditto - - - 3,000

November 28th. Ditto, by Major GeneraiPrefeott's Ditto - - m 2,000

1779*

February 5th. Ditto by Ditto Ditto - - - 3,000

April 8th. Ditto by Ditto Ditto - , - 2,000

May 2d. Ditto, by Ditto Ditto - - - 2,000

June 12th. Ditto, by Ditto Ditto - - - 5,000

1777.

September 16th.

2 2d.

October 1 ith.

November 3d. December 8th.

1778. January 3d.

23d.

February 10th. March 20th. April 13th.

29th. May 16th. June 15th. 30th.

1780.

May 26th. July 13th.' Jhtgujl

To Peter Paumier, Esquire, Deputy Commissary

Cash, by Sir Henry Clinton's Warrant Ditto* by ~ "

Ditto, by Ditto, by Ditto, by

Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, 9

by

by

by

by

by

by

by

by

£. s

Ditto Ditto - - - - 6,000 — —

Ditto Ditto - - - 8,000

Ditto Ditto - - - - . 8,000

Ditto Ditto - - - 8,doo — —

Ditto Ditto - io, doo — — 1

Ditto Ditto - - 4,000 — —

Ditto Ditto - - - 6,000 — — 1

Ditto Ditto - - - m 8,000 — — 1

Ditto Ditto - - - - 8,0oo — <

Ditto Ditto - - - - 15,000 — —

General Jones's Ditto - - m 12,000

Ditto Ditto - - - - 12,600 <

Ditto Ditto - - - - 15,000 *

To G. Towri/hend, Esquire, Assistant Commissary.

Cash by Sir Henry Clinton's Warrant -Ditto, by Earl Cotnwallis's Ditto -Ditto, by Colonel Baifour'sDitto -

37,000 -

6,000 —

10.000

10.000 to,000

126,000 —

30,000 — —

193,000 ——

by

g

eg'

N

CD

CL

cr

> 2. o o

Q ~ rn c*

£ = o o :*

E a; - -r> g.

f I! CJ 73

3 ?

N* 13.

LI ST of Quarter Masters General, Barrack Mailers General, Chief Engineers, and Commissaries General, employed in North America, who have passed or delivered in their Accounts to the Office of Lord Viscount Mountjluart, One of the Auditors of the Imprefts, since 1 it'January 1776; and of all other Persons who have been employed in the Expenditure of Public Money for Army Services in Norik America, and who have palfed or delivered their Accounts within said Time.

o

00

On

Title of Accountant.

Deputy Quarter Mailer General North America -Quarter Mailer General North America

Deputy Quarter Mailer General South and North,) Carolina.....J

Engineer, and Chief Engineer.

Commissary General in West Indies

Commissary General in North America Commander in Chief in North America -Commander in Chief in Saint Vincent Secretary and Paymaster to Lieut. General Sir Win JIoive ——

Governor of Grenada -

Governor of New Hampjkire - -

Governor of Virginia -

Governor of Tobago -

Governor of Saint Vincent -

Contrazors for remitting Money to North America

Contractors for Provisions - *

Contractor for Provisions Contraflors for Provisions

Contractors for Carriages

Governor of Grenada

Director of Regimental Infirmaries -

Name of Accountant, and particular Service.

Lieutenant Colonel William Shirreff -

Major General Sir William Erskine

William Lord Cathcart ——

Ditto, further Account ——

Major Richard England, for Forces under Lieut. General 7 Earl Cornwallis - j

Colonel Harry Gordon, in North America -

C James Christie, Esquire, for Forces under Command of) \ Major General Grant - - - j

Daniel Wier, some Vouchers relating to his Account -General Sir William Howe, K. B. -

Major General William Dalrymple - -

Robert Mackenzie, Esquire -

Ufyftes Fitzmaurice, Esquire, for contingent Expences -

John Wentworth, Esquire, contingent Expences

Earl of Dun mo re ——

William Young, Esquire, contingent Expences Valentine Morris, Esquire, for contingent Expences Thomas Harley and Henry Drummond, Esquires - -

{Messrs. Ilenmker and others, lor Provisions for 12,000,) Men in North America, for 365 Days - - -}

Ditto and others, for like Service -

Ditto and others, for like Service -

Ditto and others, for like Service -

Ditto and others, for like Service -

Anthony Bacdn Esquire, for Forces in Tobago, Sec. -Witter Cuming, and Render Mason, Forces in Florida -Render Mason and Arthur Jones, for Forces in East Florida Jacob Jordan, for Forces under General Bnrgoyne -William Leybourne Leybourne, Esquire, contingent Expences Robert Adair, Esquire -

Time of Account.

When delivered to Auditor.

f From ill June 1773 to 24th December 1776; ? I and from lft July 1777 to 31st March 1778,) From 25th December 1776 to 30th June 1779 From ill July 1779 to 31st March 1780 -- ----- to Ditto -

From lft January to 31st December 1781 -

r From 18th August 1756 to 26th November 1761 n J and from 16th September 176410 25th JVorewi-5 L ber 1767 - - - - .

From 28th October 1778 to 27th October 1779 -

From 25th May 1777 to 31st December 1778 -

----- -- - 30th June 1778 -

1772 and 1773....

From lft October 1775 to 30th June 1778

f From 25th October 1768 to 5th April 1770; and, ) ( from 17th July to lft November 1771 - - 3

From i3tn June 1775 to 25th March 1777 From 1H November 1775 to 2d May 1777 From 16th April 1775 to id May 1776 -

From 1776 to 1779, and tft August 1781 -From 20th December 177010 Midsummer 1778 -

From 18th April to 17th October 1776

25th February 1777 to 18th March 1778 14th May 1778 to 23d January 1779 16th December 1778 to 7th August 1779 -31st January 1780 to 4*h October 1781 lft September 1764 to 30th September 1770 24th December 176410 14th March 1776 25th June 1776 to 23d February 1778 25th June 1777 to 1777

lft November 1771 to 16th April 1775 29th September 1764 to 24th December 1778

From i From From Trom From ] From < From t From From From *

N. B- Blanks in Column for Deliveries cannot be filled up, as the Accounts are not entered in Book of Deliveries. Blanks in Two following Columns imply that the Account has not been laid before the Treasury, nor declared.

loth December 1778

13th February 1782

5th January 1781 31st October 1780

lft June 1776

12th October 1781 February 1780

28th December 1780

31st Januaty 17S2

- - Ditto - -

- - Ditto - -

4th October 1780

Phil. Deare, Chat Harris,

}Dep.

Auditors.

When laid before the Treasury. When declared.

31st May 1779 8th July 1779

11th April 1780 9th Manh 1781 24th June 1780 28th June 1781

6th April 1778 24th December 1778

12th June 1781 28th June 1781

30th November 1780 9th June 1781 28th June 1781 28th June 1781

20th April 1779 8th July 1779

28th June 177b 5th July 1776

13th June 1780 21 ft September 1781 20th December 1780

July 1780 —

5th December 1781 22d December 1781

10th December 1781 22d December 1781

20th August 1777 9th June 1779 23d December 1777 8th July . 1779

5th August 1779 ill!

1782.

r

-j

00

r

Ad

22 Geo. III.

19* jfunii. 1087

Seveiith K.<*a port of Coni* missioners of Public Accounto.

N* 14.

LIST of Quarter Matters General, Barrack Matters. General, Chief Engineers, and Commissaries General, employed in North America, who have patted or delivered in their Accounts into Lord Office, One of the Auditors of the Imprefts, since the ill of January 1776; and of all other Persons who have been employed in the Expenditure of Public Money for Army Services in North America, and who have patted or delivered their Accounts within the said Time.

Title of Accountant. i Name of Accountant. ! 1 . Time of Account. When delivered to the Auditor When laid before the Treasury. »Whca declared.

Contractors for re-A mitting Money ( to North A me- f rica - - -' r Right honoura- j ble Thomas 1 , Harley and > Henry Dru 1 viond - - -j f From the 15th of V j March 1769 tofi \ the 20th of r-f (. cember 1770 - -»: 2 2d December 1781,

Agent for East Flo- > rida - - - -3 William Knox- -! C From the 24th off 1 ju?ie 1163to the f j 24 th <Sf JuneC L 1769 " - -) - , - m - 23d December 1774.

Ditto - - Ditto - - - ffrom the 24th of Y,) Jane 1769 to the f V 24th of f C 177b- - - -) - a8th June 1781,

Captain General-» and Governor in Chief of the . Province oiNew York - - -J William Tijjon, 1 Esquire - - ] CBetween the 19th"} 1 of January 1775 f j and the 22d off L March 1780 -j 6th July 1781 - —

Auditors Office, Lincoln's Inn,

6th of March 1782. John Lloyd, Deputy to the

Right honourable Lewis Lord Sondes, Auditor

' N815.

The Examination of Robert Mackenzie, Esquire, Secretary to Sir William Howe, late Commander in Chief in North America; taken upon Oath, the 12th, 13th, and 17th of 1781.

This Examinant faith. That he was Secretary to Sir William House as Commander in Chief in North Amenta, from October 1775 to May 1778. As Secretary, he paid during that Time the incidental Expepces of the Secretary's Office, and those of the Adjutant General, Judge Advocate, and some other letter Offices, and small incidental Expences, to the Amount together of about Three thousand Seven hundred Pounds; which Sum he received from the Deputy Paymaster General* by Warrants granted by the Commander in Chief, with the Accounts annexed; which Accounts he has patted before the Auditors of the Imprest. He was also, during the same Period, Paymaster to the Commander in Chief; and as such, it was his Business to pay the Bills drawn upon the Commander in Chief, by the Su-perintendants of Indian Affairs, by the Officers of the Vot.. 38.

frontier Potts, and certain incidental Services which did not fall within the Provinces of the Comroiffariate, Quarter Mailer General, Barrack Matter General, and Commanding Engineer. These Bills were generally first presented to the Commander in Chief, and by him referred to his Paymaster for Examination; after which, if there was no Objection, he paid them. Generally every Quarter he made up an Account of these Bills, and applied to the Commander in Chief for a Warrant for Payment of them: This Warrant was drawn upon the Deputy Paymaster General, carried to him for Payment, with the Account annexed to it, and left with him as his Voucher. Of all these Payments, to the Amount of about Forty-nine thousand Pounds, including the Sum of Three thousand Seven hundred Pounds above mentioned, he has patted an Account in the Office of the late Mr. Aijlabie, one the Auditors of the Imprest, and has his Quietus.

During the same Period, by Order of the Commander in Chief, lfe paid the Provincial Troops. When the First Corps were formed, a general Account was made up of the Expences of each Corps, comprehending the Levy Money, the Subsistence, and the Contingencies: This Account was laid before the Commander in Chief, who gave a Warrant upon the Deputy Pay-

12 X matter

Seventh Re-p«»rt of Commissioners of Public. A c-j' count?.

108,8

.l^Junu.

.1.

A. 1782.

master General, for the Payment of the Sum <1 erein mentioned to him, as Agent. This Sum lie id to the Commanding Officers or Paymasters of the Corps, and took their Receipts as his Vouchers. — In 1776

he received a Commission from Sir William Howe, as Commander in Chief, with the Approbation of fhd Lords of the Treasury, appointing him I'ftymnlter General of'(lie PWivinciil TroopfiV'After'this Appointment lie continued to pay the Protdndai 'rVobps in the same Mahner* urittl Aprili 77 7-, when the Attrfy \iras ex-'

' pefted shortly ;ttt move from A's lVdwasto

attend the Commander in Chief, it became necessary for him to appoint Agents to pay the ProvincialTroops; which- they cofttrinued-to do as long as heeonfctnued Paymaster. All the Warrants, granted by the Comtnander in Chief for the Payjmeot'of the Provincial Forces, were U]>on the r>b]5fity Paymaster General, and1 payable to hiip as Paymaster, before he appointed Agents, and Afterwards to the Agents themselves, out of Moisey remitted to pay the Extraordinaries of the Army.

"Where Rills for Materials were paid by him ap,.Pay-r. matter, he kept the Bills themselves!, with the Recseijjts^ a# liis-V^uchferF, and delivered them-into-the Ojffiee of the Auditor of the; Imprest, when he passed his Accounts. A general Account of Riefe Bills, with the"1 total Amount, is annexed to the "iVarrant grarited by the Commander in Chief for the Payment of that Amount. - . -: -

The Accounts of the Charges of the Provincial C6rpS and Regiments were made up by tlje proper Officers of each Corps or Regiment, and checkjed by the Inspector of those Forces as often as he had an Opportunity of doing it, and:by t lie-Mlifter Malter. This Account was lent from the Regiment to the Paymaster General. An Abstra<5fc of One or more Accounts is annexed to the Warrant granted for the Payment of them; the Accounts themselves are kept by the Paymaster General, as his Vouchers belbre the Auditor- After the Agents were appointed, and Demands upon therii became due, they applied to him to obtain either a Temporary or a Final Warrant for the' Payment of those Demands: In consequence of which Application such Warrant was granted; if a Temporary one, on Account; if a Final one, with an Account annexed.

The principal Persons who receive Money upon Account, by Warrants from the Commander in Chief, are, the Quarter Master General, Barrack Master General, Chief Engineer, Commissary General, the Superintend-ant of Indian Affairs, and some others of less Consideration. When these Officers apply to the Commander in Chief for Final Warrants, they produce to him an Ab-straft of the Payments made by them in their several Departments, distinguished under Heads, with the Sum Total: They do not, that he knows of, produce the Vouchers, but they remain in the Possession of the Accountant, as is expressed in the Warrant granted to them for the Payment of the Sum inserted in the Ab-straft; but in Cafes either new, or where it was practicable, the Commander in Chief generally did not grant the Warrant until he had procured such Information as he wanted relative to that Account. Various Regulations and Checks were made by the Commander in Chief, from Time to Time, to guard against the Misapplication of Public Money, in all the Departments employed in the Expenditure.

Robert Mackenzie.

Guy Carleton,

T. Anguish,

A. Piggolt,

Geo. Drummond,

N* 16.

The Examination of Major General Sir William Erskine, late Quarter Mailer General to lbs Majesty's Forces in North America; taken upon

.^Oath, the 7th, ,iqtb, and

"This Examinant faith', Tljat he was appointed Quartet Master General to His Majesty's Forces in North America in October i 77 i5; he continued in that Department until the End of June 1779. His Accounts as Quarter-Master General commenced on the 25th of December 17n6, and ended the 30th of June 1779. During this Period^ he was principally employed ii> the FleM/arid left to fiis' Df puties, Colonel Shirreff' ami Major Bruen,\the Care of the Pay meets, they fending to him -from-THne to- Ttme-the Quarterly Ab('tracts for his Examination,;and as a Ground for his Application to . the Commander-in Chief for his Final Warrants, lie very (eldom made any .'official Payments jpimself;. they were'made by his. inferiw. Officers and Clerks, His Duty iii ‘the Tifeld;.'.where.he*-was;aF One 1 fine for Five Months together, and the Variety,' Multiplicity, and Importance of his Military Bitfinels us Quarter Master General, and the many Detachments he was dent *>ht with, rendered it hardly prffible for hiu» to at tend to the Accounts, and to the Manner of conducting the Money Transactions; and therefore he does not know, much further than from what appears upon the Face of the V ouchers, iu what Manner the Payments v.e<e made and tliie Receipts given.

The Fornf of a Quarterly Receipt for the Hire of Waggons, Horses, and Drivers, Which he found upon his coming into the Office, was, for a Person, uftially the Driver, to sign his Name, or make his Mark, against a Sum, containing the Total of the Hire of himself and of One or more Waggons and Horses, for a Number of Days therein mentioned.: The Receipts' for the Hire of all the Waggons, Horses, and Drivers, employed during a Quarter, were uftially contained in One Lilt. Many of the Waggons and Horses were the Property of Officers iu different Departments and lie believes the Driver received at J;he Office his own Hire only, and not that of the Waggons and Horses; which Was paid to the Proprietors themselves, or their Agents, unless the Driver was also (he Proprietor of the Waggons and Horses, in which same he received the Whole. Sometimes the Proprietors in the Country deputed One Person to receive the Hire due to several of them, and then that Person signed the Names of all those he received for. Some of the Drivers were Proprietors, others were Negroes, and iu low Stations; sometimes, in Cafes of Necessity, they were taken from the Ranks; and sometimes the Drivers of Waggons attached to Regiments could not attend for Payment; then the Regimental Quarter Mailers, or the Quarter Master Serjeant, or the Conductors, received the Pay of those Drivers, and signed the Name of each Driver, inserted in the First Column of the Lift of Receipts.

A Distribution, contains an Account of all the Waggons, Horses, and Drivers, at that Time employed iu

the Service of the Army, under the Direction of the

Quarter Master General, and in what Manner employed. The Fil'd Return made to the Commander in Chief of a regular Distribution, was from the ifi of April to the 30th of June 1777; the succeeding Return wasjuft before the Expedition up the iu that

Return the Number was much reduced, for many of them had been discharged for want of Transports to carry them: He afterwards constantly made, every Quarter, Returns of the Distribution to the Commander in Chief, who made such Alterations in it as he thought proper; and during all the Time he continued in tin's Department, he paid the Hire of all contained in those

Returns,

d2rGm. IIL

ioSJ)

Returns, but lie did not paythofeprocured hybrid etn-ployed in other Departments. No<Waggons, or Waggon Horses, were purchased in America by Government, , exdept to rdpiace those that wereloft in the-Service.

- Some Waggons and Horses were takeri from the Ene--my, and became the'Property of the Cnptopswho

- eit her fold or kept them, 'as they chose; the}1; were sometimes purchased by Government, to replace those lhat wereloft. All the Waggon^ were kept'hi Repair

at the Expence of the Public: ' . ' > \y

What Materials or Stores ware)neceflaiiyyt^be purchased in his Department, lie:loft-to be ‘ traOfected by his Deputies, being himself..ft> much dm ployed''id' the Military Line, that he coulxl aok attend to ihdna. He usually bad under him Four Deputy "&Yid-atf&it fiight Assistant- Deputy Quarter Mailers General-; alli of whom were appointed by the Commander in‘Chief.

Sirice his Arrival in Eiigle.id'hc litis :pa‘lfed: Itts Aic-Cohnts in theOffiee of the Auditors -of iheirrrpreft; tWe :total Charge; upon him in that Account-WashSix HuH-,dml thousand Six hundred Nihety-eigfcf TcffindS'Nitlre ^Shillings and Eleven Penca Tifeee'Farthings f.'bntl life iDischarge; FiveTmnch ed Ninety-dune thoiiferid Eight hundred Ninety-seven.Po.und/Nine Shillings and Three Pence Farthing. Some of the Vouchers lor the'Piiyj-ments in the First Part of the Account Wefe; taken bh the Name of Lieutenant Colonel Shirreff, at that Timfe Deputy Quarter. Matter General.

The Charge upon him in that Account‘does not contain; the whole Sum infeited in the Treasury Lift of Warrants now produced to him, and statedto be ilfned -to hih> by the Warrants of t he Commander in Chief; in.September 1778, Four Sums, amounting to Thirty*-five thousand Five hundred and Eight Pouffife Seven*-.teen "Shillings and-Five Pehee Halfpenny /-though there Hated to be paid to him by Warrants, Weri not'deceived by him, but by Captain Hand field, his Assistant at Halifax, and Captain Savage, his Deputy at Rhode Island.

These Officers (One of whom, Captain Handheld, he is not acquainted with, and does not know by Sight) expended, as he believes, all the Sums they received; they transmitted to him the Vouchers, which he delivered into the Office of the Auditor of the Imprest; but the Officers there objected to his passing the Accounts of these Sums, because the Warrants of the Commander in Chief, charging him with the Receipt of them, were not sent Home from America.

The Establishment of the Waggons,- Horses, and Drivers, was, by Order of the Commander in Chief, constantly kept up to its full Number, as far as it was possible to procure them; but this was always a Matter of Difficulty.

Will. Erjkinc.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich*Neave,

Sam! Beachcroft,<

Geo. Drummond.

N* 17.

The Examination of the Right honourable Lord Cathcart, late Acting Quarter Mailer General in North America; taken upon Oath, 23d and 24th April 1782.

Lord Cathcart fays, That he was appointed by Sir Henry Clinton to act as Quarter Mailer General to His Majesty's Forces in North America, during the Interval between the Resignation of Sir William and the

Arrival of Brigadier General

His Accounts as Ailing Quarter Mailer General commenced the ift of July 1779, and ended the 31st of March 1780; the total Charge upon him in these Ac-Vol. 38.

' counts; was Tw6 hnndred Twenty-eight thousand Nice hifodrtfd -Forty-eight Pounds Four Shillings and Five "Pence. ' 1} ;: KiJ

As soon as he was appointed, he required, and re-ceivedfrdrn the Deputy Quarter Mailers Gejnpral in every District, Returns of the Vessels, Waggons; Carts, Horses, Drivers, Seamen, Labourers, and Artificers, at that Time employed in the Service,- with an Inventory of the Stores; he immediately inspectedthe Subjects of these Returns; he found them complete and made his Report accordingly to the Commander in Chief. He desired to receive his Orders with regard to the keeping up, augmenting, or diminishing, the Establishment reported: The'Order* h£‘ receivedwere/keep- tip the Establiftubent a* he ftrtittd it, particularly with regard toithe'Waggdris.1 The'Nttniber of these employed in this Department appear in tlfe Vouchersfc/r each Quarter delivered in by him to the Office of the Aqditoxs of Ithei.Ireipreft: Upon Enquiry, die -found that the Wau-gons and Horses ‘Wore in ge^eras the' ‘Property'of# ‘few Officers; that either were then or had bbeii in tins ;Departftient; and' were let by them to 'Goverrimertl 'fii the folk)wing , statedPrfceS *A finalIWhggbn/ 'Wi'th One Driver tuad Two 'Horses, Seven Sellings; afarg& -WaggOu, with One DiiVeV and Four Horses; TfiferW Shillings; >a 'fingfe - Hotfe/'One Shilling and N^'rje Pencff;ithii Driver;'if hired alone, from Sev^hT^ence tQ One ShrrlliAg and Nine Peniee D&y StWfing. The Price:ofi-Itahoar was' ftbrit‘Sevdo''Pence to TVoShlR lings and Four Pence a Dav. -The Material ibV tlfO Repairs were found' by- the'fh'oprtetor^,'the Work-inanship-'by:G6#ernment:"Th^ Driver.was paid Proprietor* but had ;tt-:Ration a 'Day froth, and the LJories foraged by. Government. r- - -v He-fbtwid alithe-Vessels Were placed under the'Chre of an Officer called'TlfeSujferihteiidarit of Vessels. Fid gave.Orders to -that'Ottieer to keep up the Number at that Time^tnployed; and frOhi Time to Time1 paid at his Office the Hire5 of the Vessels and Seamen, purfoant to the Tickets of that Officer/Or of his Deputies, in the" Terms.'of his Commisllon. -

- - TheiDeputy Quarter Matters General ih every Dif-

trichmaele Weekly Returns - to the Quarter Maftec General of the Daily Distrihntion of the Waggons^ Horses,c Drivers, -AftlficeVsy Lnboiirfers, and of every Article under their Care;1 in thelrvrespective Districts; these Returns were>; entered iri Rooks kept for'that Purpose, and- fifed- in the Offidfe. The Deputy Quarter Mailers General) received 'their Information from the Conductors, Waggon -Mailers, and other fubor-dinate Officers under1 itfiem, and for whom they were answerabld.1 "

Payments both for ;H ire and Service were made athis' Office, pursuant to those Weekly Returns; and in.ge-neralnb Payment was-made but in consequence of the Certificate of foYne Commissioned Officer in the King's Service. The Coin in- Which the letter Payments were made was, in most Cafes, Dollars at Four Shillings and Eight Pence each, Sterling. 1

It was the Custom for the Driver to give the Receipt for the Hire of the Waggon and Horses, as well as for his own Wages; which latter were always paid to him, and were deducted from the Sum due for the Hire to the Owner, for1 which the Quarter Mailer General accounted to the Owner.

- Stores and Materials wbre purchased either by himself or his Deputies. After the Delivery, the Seller received an Order from him or his Deputy for Payment at the Office. Upon Production of the-Order, he was paid; and signed Two Receipts, specifying the Sum, as received of the Quarter Mailer General, and the Subject Matter. During his Time no Alteration was made in the Establishment; nor were any Vessels (a few Boats excepted) Waggons, or Horses, purchased in this Department, for the Use of Government.

Since his Return to England, he has patted his Accounts

Seventh 1^. port of Copi-niil7ioners of Public Account*?."

Seventh Report of Commissionert c Public Accounts.

1090 l$9 Jw

counts in the Office of the Auditor* of the Imprest; ' very few Objections were made to them, and those '* chiefly small Errors in the Calculations.

Cathcart.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich*Neave,

Geo. Drummond.

N- 18.

The Examination of Lieutenant Colonel William Shir ref, late Deputy Quarter Mailer General in North America; taken upon Oath, 8th, nth, and 12th March 1782.

This Examinant faith, That he executed the Office of Deputy Quarter Mailer General in North America, from the Year 1768 to September 1778; there being no Quarter Matter General, he was at the Head of this Department until December 177$, and passed his Accounts to that Time. Sir Will was appoint-

ed Quarter Master General in October 1776, but did not take Charge of the Accounts until December 1776. After Sir William Erskine's Appointment, he received his Orders from him until September 1778, when he quitted New York and came to England, and resigned the Office in June 1780;

It has been usual ever fmee he served in America (which is Thirty-two Years) for the Quarter Master General to be concerned in the Expenditure of such Part of the Public Money as the Commander in Chief' thought proper to direct into his Hands. The Duty of the Quarter Master General is to provide Quarters for, and attend every Movement of the Army; to reconnoitre the Ground, and fix upon proper Positions; to see the Army properly supplied with every Thing necessary for its Movements, and when encamped; to superintend the Embarkation and Debarkation of the Troops; to fee at all Times that they are properly supplied with Provisions. In America he was ordered by the Commander in Chief to procure all the Vessels and Small Craft that were wanted for the Use of the Army, over and above those sent from Home, or hired by Orders from the Navy Board; and likewise all Carriages, Horses, Drivers, Artificers, and Labourers, necessary for the Service; and to pay various contingent Expences. At Boston in the Year 1776, he had under him Two Assistant Deputy Quarter Mailers General, appointed by the Commander in Chief, One of which constantly attended the Office: this Number was afterwards increased to Five.

When the Army was to quit Boston, there not being Transports enough, it became necessary to hire Vessels to carry off the Troops,'and whatever was to be taken from thence: He agreed with the Proprietors of the Vessels of above a Hundred Tons for the Hire of them, at the same Price per Ton per Month as was paid in England, for so long Time as they should be wanted, always paying them One Month in Advance; for Vessels under a Hundred Tons a less Price was paid. These Vessels and Small Craft were for the most Part hired of the Merchants and Traders in the Country; he believes that Shares in some of these* Vessels did belong to Persons employed in the Department of the Quarter Matter General. These Vessels, and several more hired afterwards at Halifax and New York, continued in the Service as long as he remained in America. In order to support the Troops, both at Boston and Halifax, it was necessary to procure and fit out Vessels for fishing, and supplying them with Provisions and Forage No Vessel could be hired without the express Order of the Commander in Chief s Very frequent Re-M

turns were made to him of the Number of Vessels, their Tonnage, and Number of Men, and specifying the Service they were employed in.

Upon the Landing of the Troops upon Staten Ifirnd, in July 1776, the Commander in Chief gave him Orders to procure for the Use.-of the Army a certain Number of Waggons, Horses, and Drivers, distinguishing the Number f»r each Battalion and each particularService: This Number could not be completed until Sir William Erskine was appointed; about Two Hundred Waggons were procured at first, and the Number continued increasing; they were all taken from the Inhabitants, who were paid Seven Shillings a Day Sterlingfor a Waggon, Two Horses, and a Driver, computing the Dollar at Four Shillings and Eight Pence; a Price settled by the Commander in Chief, after consulting the principal Persons in the Country; and they were allowed a Ration of Provisions a Day for the Driver, and a Ration of Forage for each Horse. The Waggon and Horses were valued by the Waggon Master, a Justice of the Peace, and a Third Person, chose by them; and the Proprietor was promised, in case of Loss in the Service, to be paid for them at that Value. The medium Value of a Waggon was, as he believes, about Twelve Pounds Sterling, and of the Horses about Fifteen Pounds each. The Waggons were kept in Repair at the Expence of Government.

The Waggon Master (an; Officer appointed by the Commander in Chief for the-Purpose of superintending the Waggons) entered in his Book the Name of the Proprietor, and the Day the Waggon and Horses were taken into the Service: The Proprietor was paid upon Application to the Office of the Quarter Matte. General at New York; the Time of being in the Service was taken from the Waggon Matter's Book, and no Person was paid but according to that Book. In Marches into the Country, if Waggons were taken from the Inhabitants, and the Waggon Matter not present, the Officer who took them gave Certificates to the Proprietor, specifying the Day upon which he took them $ the Person producing this Certificate at the Quarter Matter General's Office was paid there: But, upon discovering Abuses in granting these Certificates, they were forbid, after the Number of Waggons necessary for the Use of the Army was obtained. Whoever produced an Order from the Proprietor, to receive the Money due to him, was paid that Sum, upon his signing the Name of the Proprietor, in an Account kept open for that Purpose. There were no Waggons nor Horses purchased, they were ail hired, except some few Horses which were taken from the Enemy by the light Troops, and for which, by Order, he paid to those Troops a small Sum as a Reward for their Behaviour. He does not know of any other Horses, or of any Waggons at all, that were taken from the Rebels whilst he w as with the Army; all the Waggons that were in use belonged to the Inhabitants of the Country: But after the Year 1776, he believes several Persons in the Department of the Quarter Matter General were Proprietors of some of the Waggons, and let them to Government at the stated Price. Upon every new Movement of the Army he reported to the Commander in Chief the Number of Waggons and Horses then in the Service, of which he made the necessary Distribution.

It was usual for the Commander in Chief to cohfult the Quarter Matter General, what Number of Vessels, Waggons, and Horses would be wanted for the Use of the Army; and no additional Number wras ever made without his Orders. All Sums of Money expended in his Department were paid by his inferior Officers at his Office, and Receipts were given for Sums, as received of him; he relied upon the Fidelity and Honesty of his inferior Officers for the Truth and Fairness of the Receipts. When he intended to apply for a Final Warrant, he collected together all his Vouchers, and

made

2*2 Geo. III. 190 Junii. 1091

made a general Abstract of the Whole, for the Inspection and Examination of the Commander in Chief; he did not produce the Vouchers to him unless they were called for. After his Return to England, he lent all his Vouchers, with a general State of his Account, to ^he Office of the Auditors of the Imprest. There were some small Errors in the Calculations, which the Officers in that Office applied to him to rectify; and in one Cafe, where the Voucher was defective, they obliged him to procure a proper one. This was the only Examination he underwent in that Office. The Pay of a Quarter Mailer General is Twenty Shillings a Day* of the Deputy, Ten Shillings; and of the Assistant, Tive Shillings. , The Quarter Mailer General has no additional Pay for being employed in any Part of the Expenditure of the Money issued to him for the Army Services.

T.

Rich'1 Neave,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 19.

The further Examination of Lieutenant Colonel William Shirreff; taken upon Oath, the 6th and 7th May 1782.

This Examinant faith, That during the Time he served in North America, no Contract was ever made by him, or by any l'erson under him, for furnishing the Army with any Vessels, Waggons, Horses, Stores, or Materials whatever, in his, Department; they were airways hired of the Proprietors or their Agents.

The Receipts given for the Hire of the Waggons, Horses, and Drivers, were signed either by the Proprietors, or Persons appointed by them, or by the Drivers: Where the Driver, being neither Proprietor nor his Agent, signed the Receipt, he received his own Wages only; the Remainder of the Sum set opposite to his Name, being the Hire of the Waggons and Horses, was paid to the Proprietor afterwards.

W hen Artificers or Labourers were wanted in any Branch, he directed the Overseers of that Branch to procure them; and when the Time for Payment was come, the Overseers brought to the Office a List of the Artificers and Labourers, with the Number of Days they had been employed, and the Wages due to them; the Overseer received the Sum of the Wages Dated in the Lift; and after he had paid them, brought to the Office the Pay Roll, with the Name of each Person set opposite to the Sum, as his Receipt. The Roll was called every Day, to see that every Person was present.

Where the Seamen were paid by Government, their Wages were paid to the Captain of the Vesselj who brought back afterwards to the Office a List, similar to that of the Artificers, containing their Receipts.

The Waggons and Horses taken from the Enemy were considered as the Property of the Captors, and purchased of them.

When he left the Country, he disposed of all his Property in the Vessels, Waggons, and Horses, that belonged to him.

At first the Quarter Master General procured all the Vessels employed in the Service of the Army (except those in the Department of the Engineers) and the Hire of them was paid in his Office; afterwards a Superintendent of Vessels was appointed, who then procured and became responsible for the Whole; but they ft ill continued to be paid in the Office of the Quarter

Vol. 38.

Master General, by Tickets from the Superintendent. All the Waggons, Horses, and Drivers, supplied by the Quarter Master General, in whatever Department employed, were paid by him.

Will" Shirreff.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 20.

The Examination of Major Richard England taken upon Oath, the 13th of March 1782.

This Examinant faith. That he was appointed by Lord Cornwallis, in August 1780, to act as Deputy Quarter Master General in that Part of the Army under his Command in South Carolina, and succeeded Major Frafer in that Department.

T he first Vessels that were hired, and in the Service of Government, and that came under his Direction, were some small Vessels, about Eight in Number, in August 17 81, at Portsmouth in the Chejapeak; a Return of them was made to him by Captain Vallancey, Assistant Quarter Master General to the Army at Portsmouth-, the Sums due for the Hire of these Vessels, and the Value of those taken by the Enemy, he paid to Captain Val-lencey, or by his Orders, upon his producing Receipts, for the Credit of which he relied upon Captain Vallancey, who had the Vessels in Charge. Some of these Vessels were immediately discharged from the Service by Order of Lord Cornwallis, upon his Representation that they were unnecessary.

In August 1780, he found at Camden several Waggons

and Horses in the Service of Government, which had been under the Direction of Major Frafer, and were, in the Opinion of Lord Cornwallis, unable to perform all the Services he wanted from them; he allb found Twenty-nine Waggons, with Four Horses each, hired by Order of Lord Cornwallis of the People of the Coun try; a Waggon, Four Horses, and a Driver, some at Twelve Shillings and some at Thirteen Shillings a Day, Sterling. In September, Captain Deputy

Quarter Master General in Charles Town, sent up about Twenty-five Waggons, each with Four Horses and a Driver, to the Army at Camden-, he never paid fof the Hire of those Waggons and Horses which he received either from Major Frafer or from Captain APKinnon. Some Horses were purchased for the Use of the Waggons and -Train, about the Average Price of Nine Pounds Sterling.

During Lord Cornwallis's March, finding the Number of Waggons an Incumbrance to him, he ordered them all to be destroyed, at Mills, near the

Catawba, in North Carolina, except about Tea or Twelve, reserved to carry Salt, Medicines, and other Necessaries for the Army: Afterwards it became necessary to increase their Number, in order to carry the Wounded; some of these were taken from the Dif-affected of the Country, and some from the Enemy; these were never charged to Government: Two were purchased, and a few hired at the stated Price; the Proprietors of these last were afterwards, by the Order of Lord Cornwallis, paid the Value of their Waggons and Horses, as they were not able to take them back to their Habitations.

After he came to Nezo York, in December 1781, be sent to the Office of Major Drummond, the Commissary of Accounts, an Account of his Receipts and Disbursements for the Year 1781, with the Vouchers: This Account he afterwards received back from the Office, signed and certified by Major Drummond to be just and sufficient; and has, since he came to England, delivered 12 Y it.

Seventh Report nf Commissioners of Public Account*.

109a

90 Jlinii.

Jl. 1782.

4«T«nth Report of Cum-mifsioners of Public Accounts

it, with the Vouchers, into the Office of the Auditor of the Imprest.

lld England.

T. Angnish,

RichdWeave,

A am Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond.

N*

21.

Barrack Matter who issued it, and the Quarter Matter or other Officer of the Regiment receiving it: The rest was issued to the General Officers and Staff; to the Hospitals; and, by Order of the Commander in Chief, to the Admiral, and to some of the Officers of the Navy who resided on Shore; to Priforters; and sometimes to particular Inhabitants: And all these Issues were charged by him to Government The Quantity to each was regulated by the Commander in Chief, and the Wood measured by the Barrack Matters and the Persons feat When issued, he charged it to Govern-

to receive it.

The Examination of Lieutenant Colonel George ment at an Average Price; which Average was formed Clerk, late Barrack Matter General in Worth from the different Prices at which the W ood was purchased, so as not to exceed the Sum actually paid by him for the Purchase of the Wood. His Vouchers for these Issues were, either the Returns of the different Corps, signed by the Commanding Officer, and indorsed by the Regimental Quarter Matter; or the Receipt of the Person to whom the Wood was delivered, given to the Barrack Matter. All Receipts for Sums paid at the Office of the Barrack Matter General, are given in America; taken upon Oath, the 25th and 26th March 1782.

This Examinant faith. That he was Barrack Matter General to the Army under Sir William Howe, and afterwards under Sir Henry Clinton, in Worth America, from June 1776 to June 1780: He received his Commission from Sir William Howe.

His Business was to fit up and repair all the Barracks; his Name, and collected together every Quarter, in to supply them with Bedding, Forms, and Tables, Fuel order to form the Abstract for the Commander in and Candles, to supply the General Officers with Va- Chief.

riety of Furniture, and the whole Army, whilst they It was necessary to employ Vessels to convey the Fuel were in Quarters, with Fuel; which, when they took from Long Islandand other Places to Wezv York; these the Field, was supplied them by the Quarter Matter Vessels were generally hired by him, and amounted, General: He likewise paid the Rents for the Houses upon an Average, to about Twenty-five: There were occupied by the Officers and Troops. none pprehafed for the Use of Government. Some

He had under him several Barrack Matters and Af- Vessels were continually employed in this Department, -ttstants, both at Wew York and at other Garrisons and from the Beginning of the Year 1777 to June 1780. Outposts; he supplied these Barrack Matters with He believes several of these Vessels belonged to Persons Money, who rendered to him an Account in what Man- employed in his Department, and some to the Inhabi-ner they expended it, and took Receipts in their own tants of the Town: They were hired at the stated Price, Name; which Receipts they sent to him, to be his and paid for at his Office.

Vouchers in patting his Accounts: He relied entirely upon the Fidelity and Integrity of these Assistants and Barrack Matters for the Truth of these Vouchers.

He sometimes received from the Commander in Chief

Waggons, Carts, and Horses were likewise necessary for carrying on the Business of the Barrack Matter General; these he hired at the settled Price of Twelve Shillings a Day Currency for a Waggon, Two Horses,

Orders to provide for a certain Number of Men; but it and a Driver; and Ten Shillings a Day for a Cart, One was left to his Discretion by what Means, and at what Horse, and a Driver; who had a Ration a Day, and,

Price, he was to provide the Necessaries wanted.

At Wew York he appointed Persons to buy up Wood for the Use of the Army, at his own Discretion; it was principally purchased at Long Island and Staten Island; in general, it was cut by Persons appointed by him, and was brought to Wew York in Vessels, and lodged in different Yards, called The Wood Yards: The Quantity was always ascertained on the Spot where it was cut, by the Cord; and an Account was sent by the Per-

the latter Part of the Time, a Ration a Day for each Horse. None of these were purchased for the Use of Government. He believes some of them were the Property of Persons employed in the Office of the Barrack Matter General.

The Barrack Matter of the Town took Charge of all these Carriages, and paid for their Hire; and the Receipts he took are Vouchers for the Barrack Mailer General. The Barrack Matter hired Labourers as he

fons employed by him, by every Vessel, of the Quan- wanted them, and paid them at the usual Price of La-tity sent on Board of such Vessel, and paid for to the bour.

Proprietor by the Person employed to purchase it: He None of his Accounts are as yet come to England: settled the Accounts of this Person generally every They were on board the Robujt Man of War; which, Quarter, taking from him an Account of the Sums he on her Passage Home, was forced to go to the West

had paid. Thi9 Wood was delivered to the Barrack Matter at Wew York, and by him issued to the Garrison according to the established Allowance; which was different at different Periods: It was purchased and paid for by the Cord. He has been informed that there is a Difference between the Quantity of the Cord by the New York and by the Country Measure; but what that Difference is he does not know: The Wew York Cord measured Eight Feet long, Four Feet broad, and Four Feet High. The Price paid for it per Cord was different at different Times: In 1776 it was Twenty-eight Shillings and Four Pence, New York Currency; and during a short Time, in the Winter of 1779, he gave so high as about Six Pounds for a small Quantity. It was delivered out by the Cord, according to the stated Town Measure, which never varied. The Quantity issued was regulated by the Returns of the Commanding Officer

Indies,

T. Anguish, A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond.

George Clerk.

N*

22.

The Examination of John Esquire,

taken upon Oath, the 17th, 19th, and 2id April 1782.

This Examinant faith, That upon the Death of Captain Thomas Sewers, in March 1774, he succeeded to the Office of Commanding Engineer under the Com-

of each Regiment of the Number of Effectives; and niander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces in Worth Ame-the Quarter Matter signed a Receipt for such Quantity rica; he was afterwards appointed, by a special Com-of Wood as the Regiment was entitled to; and that mission from the King, dated the 18th of December Quantity, when actually issued, was measured by the 1775, Chief Engineer in America; as such, he wasfub-

je&

22 Geo. III. ig° Junii. ioo

ject to all Orders issued to him by the Commander in Chief. His Business, as Chief Engineer, was to con-Rruct Fortifications, l)oth permanent and temporary, and to purchase all Materials necessary for the fame; to provide whatever was necessary, either for Attack or Defence; to repair and fit up the Barracks and Quarters for the Army; to provide all the Vessels, Waggons, Carts, and Horses, Artificers and Labourers, necessary for the Service of this Department, except Waggons and Horses upon a March, or on pressing Occasions; to make Roads, and to keep them in Repair. He al ways made the Agreements himself, when it was in his Power (sometimesin Writing and sometimes by Word only) for the Purchase of all the Materials, and for the Workmanship.and for the Hire of whatever was wanted in this Department. At the ditlant Polls these Agreements were made by the Engineers and Alfillants under him. When Fortifications were to be construded, he formed a Design and Estimate, which he laid before the Commander in Chief; whose Approbation was an Authority to him to procure all the necessary Materials, and to carry it into Execution, within the Compass of the Sum in the Estimate. There were constantly employed in this Department Four Vessels, together about Three hundred and Fifty Tons Burthen; and Eight Waggons, each with Two Horses; and Six Waggons more upon a March. He purchased Three of the Vessels, and the Eight Waggons and Horses, upon his own Account, from Colonel Dixon, who had executed the same Office; and let them to Government at the Rated Prices of Thirteen Shillings a Ton Month for the Vessels, and Five Shillings and Ten Peuce a Day Sterling for a Waggon and Two Horses; for which he paid the Drivers, and kept the Waggons in Repair; The Public supplied the Driver with a Ration a Day. The Waggons and Horses, upon a March, were supplied by the Quarter Mailer General. Another Vessel of One hundred and Seventy-six Tons was for some Time employed in this Department, during the Expedition to the Head of Elk. The Person who had either fold him Materials, or performed any Service, generally applied to him for a Certificate of the Agreement being performed, and of the Price of the Purchase or Hire; upon which he gave an Order upon the Paymaster of the Works to pay to the Person the Sum therein specified. He had under him Alfifiant Engineers, a Clerk of the Cheque, Mailers and Foremen of all the Works; who frequently made Reports and Returns to him what Services were performed, and of the Number of Men, and Time they were employed: From these Reports and Returns the Claims of the several Persons were made out in the Office; he directed the Payment of them from the Confideucehe had in the Truth of those Reports and Returns. The Money issued for the Expences of this Department was by the Warrants, either Temporary or Final, of the Commander in Chief upon the Deputy PaymaRer General of the Forces, payable to him as Chief Engineer; but lie never received the Money himself. He endorsed the Warrants, and transmitted them to the PaymaRer of the Works, who received the Sums of the Deputy PaymaRer General. With this Money the PaymaRer of the Works paid the Bills sent to him by the Chief Engineer; and sometimes, by Order of the Commander in Chief, he was directed to pay Bills without their having been firR examined by the Chief Engineer. Sometimes he paid Bills at his own Discretion. The Receipts given for these Payments were all made as Sums received of the PaymaRer of the Works. He was always directed to take Two Receipts for every Payment; One of which he transmitted to the Chief Engineer. Previous to the making up the Quarterly AbRraft of the Expenditure, to be annexed to the Final Warrant, he took from the Office of the PaymaRer of the Works the Duplicate for every Payment made by him during that Quarter, and carried them, with the AbRrull, t« the Commander in Chief,

Vol. 38.

for his Inspectioti, and to obtain a Final Warrant. He does not know that either any Chief Engineer or PaymaRer of the Works was ever called upon, in any Office, to pass his Accounts of Money expended'by him, or by his Order, for the Extraordinaries of the -Army; or that any Account was ever passed, except by Colonel Henry Gordon; who, as he has been informed and believes, himself applied to the Office of the Auditor of the ImpreR, and procured his Accounts to be.passed there. He considers himself as accountable only, for the Orders for Payment issued by him, to the PaymaRer of the Works.

He further faith, That he arrived in England on or about the 19th of December 1778; and on the 10th of April 1780 signified by Letter to John Bray, Esquire; One of the Deputy Auditors of the ImpreR, that he bad in his Possession Accounts of several Years Randuig, confiding principally of Abfira&s and Vouchers for carrying on His Majesty's Service in the Engineer's Department under his immediate Command in North America, to a considerable Amount, and which had been paid out of the Contingencies of the Army, from Time to Time, by Warrants from different Commanders in Chief; and requeRed the said John Bray to inform him when it would be moR agreeable to him to bave them transmitted to the Auditors Office for Examination. To which Letter he. Three Days afterwards, received a Verbal Answer to the following Effect — That his Accounts could not be received at the ImpreR Office for the present, as they were fi> full of Business: but whenever they were more at Leisure he should be acquainted with it. That he has never since heard from Mr. Bray, or any other Person in the -Auditors Office, upon that Subject.

The total Sum contained in the Warrants issued to him by the Commanders in Chief, from the 9th of March 1774 to the 30th of September 1778, was One hundred Ninety-one thousand and Fifty-six Pounds and Seven Pence Farthing.

From the Month of Septembe 1777 to June 1778 he

was employed in conflrufting Fortifications in and about Philadelphia. He cannot tell the Amount of the Expences of these Fortifications; they are blended together with various other Expences in his Department.

John Montrefor.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich*Neave,

Geo. Drummond.

N* 23.

The Examination of Captain David; taken upon Oath, the 18th and 19th March, and 12 th April, 1782.

This Examinant faith, That he was appointed by Sir William Howe, Commander in Chief in North Americtr, Agent for Victuallers, Store Ships, and Small Craft, by Warrant dated ift January 1777: He was at that Time Agent to the Artillery, to over-look the Embarkation and Debarkation of the Artillery and their Stores* A Person was wanted to superintend the Unloading and Delivery of the Stores and Provisions to the several Departments, and the Dispatch of the Vessels back again to Europe, and to hire and inspedl the small Vessels for the Service of the Army: For these Purposes he received his Commission from Sir William Howe. He continued in this Department under him until May 1778, and afterwards under Sir Henry Clinton until December 1780. Orders were issued from the Commander in Chief, for Returns to be made to him of all the Small Craft at that Tirae employed in each Department: These Returns, signed by the Heads of each Department, were delivered to him with his Commiifiou. At that Time

Seventh Report of Com -mifsioners of .'oblic Account*.

iop4

19* Junii.

A. 1782.

Seventh Report of Commi Hi oners of Public Accounts.

Sir William Erskine was Quarter Matter General, Colonel George Clerk Barrack Master General, Mr. Daniel Chamier Commissary General, and Major Mathew Dixon Chief Engineer. All the Small Craft employed at this Time in these several Departments were paid by thfe Quarter Master General. He made Returns to IheCoift-mander in Chief, as often as the Service wofctkl permit, of the Number of Small Craft employed in the Departments of the Quarter Master General, Barrack Matter General, and Commissary General: The Engineer hired those which were constantly employed in his Branch. This Return contained the Number, the Names* the Sort of Vessel, the Mailer's Name, the Tonnage, iiis Remarks, and generally the Service they were employed in It was Part of his Business to hire all Vessels and Small Craft wanted for the Service of the Army: If it was a Vessel above the Size required for Inland Navigation, he hhd first the particular Orders of the Commander in Chief-, if. smaller Vessels were wanted, he procured them upon the Requisition of the Heads of the several Departments, aitd {elected for each Department tflqfe Vessels that were best constructed for the Service of egch; and they were not discharged until he received Orders for (that Purpose from the Heads of the several Departments. If the Vessels exceeded Thirty or Thirty-five Tons, he hired them always by Charter1; if under, by a Memorandum given to the Owner. These Vessels were measured, and valued, in general, by the Wardens of the Port at New York; which Officers are named by the Chamber of Commerce, and approved of by the Commandant of the Town. The Price of the Hire of Vessels under Thirty Tons was Six Pence New York Currency (Three Pence Halfpenny Sterling) per Ton per Day, and Haifa Dollar, at Four Shillings and -Eight Pence Sterling, per Man per Day some carrying Two, feme Three, and a few Four Men; and each Man was allowed a Soldier's Ration, including Ona Sixth of a Quart of Rum: This Price never varied. For Vessels of Thirty Tons a©4 upwards the Hire was Ten Shillings Sterling per Ton per Month; the Proprietor was to find Six Men to the Hundred Tons, a^d victual them: And a few of these Vessels, called Petty* Augers, were hired by the Day, at Teo Shillings and Six Pence and Eleven Shillings and Eight Pence Sterling. In May 1777 several Vessels were wanted for the Expedition to the Southward, for carrying Horses and some Waggons. The Proprietors of the Vessels complained to him of the small Price paid for the Hire. At that Time the Rate of Wages, and the Price of Provisions and Naval Stores, was increased, and therefore he was of Opinion that the Price of the Tonnage was too little, and recommended to them to apply by Memorial to the Quarter Master General. This Memorial was referred to him,'by the Commander inChief: He reported, that he thought Thirteen Shillings a Ton Sterling per Month was a reasonable Price; and in consequence of his Report it tvas increased to that Sum.

It was his Duty to see that the Vessels were fitted out and manned in a Manner sufficient for the Service required of them; he wasa Check and Controuliupon the Owners and Matters: Where he was present, he hired . them all himself, of those Persons who tendered them to him; in his Absence they were hired by his Deputy, but in his Name. Pie never bought any himself; nor does he know of any being bought for the Service of the Army, except Three by Order of Sir Henry'Clinton, and Threebought at Rhode Islandby the Deputy Commissary. The Commander in Chief never interfered in the Contract for hiring these Vessels, but left it entirely to him. He was not employed in the Expenditure of any Part of the Public Money: Atrfirft the Hire of all the Vessels Was paid by the Quarter Master General; afterwards the Commander in Chief ordered each Depant-. ment to pay the Hire of the Vessels they employed.

Every Quarter he made up an Account of what was: due for the Hire of every Vessel employed in the Ser-

vice during that Quarter* and made out Tickets or Certificates, signed by himself, and directed to the Heads of different Departments, speeify ing the Narneof the Vessel, the Tonnage, the Department in which it was employed, the Time of Service, and the Price per Ton: This Ticket he delivered to the Owner, Master, er his Agent, who carried it to the Office of that Department, where he was paid, and left the Ticket. An Account is made up in that Office of all the Sums paid in pursuance of these Tickets, and font to him, with the Tickets: He checked this Account by his Tickets and Check Book, signed the Account, and returned it to the Office, If the Vessel was in a distant Service, he did not deliver the Ticket without a Certificate that (lie was in actual Service during that Period. Where the Vessel was either taken, funk, burnt, or destroyed, he did not pay for her without an Affidavit of the Fa6t by the Matter and Crew, and the Certificate of an Officer of that Department in which the was employed. He pursued the like Method of making out and delivering Tickets to the Seamen employed on board the Vessels in the Departments of the Quarter Master General, Barrack Master General, and Commissary General, and of examining the Account sent to him from those Offices with his Tickets and Check Book, and of signing the Accounts if he found them to agree with his Tickets. He was not concerned, nor had any thing to do with the Payment of any of them.

the Quarter Master General, the Barrack Master General, and several of the inferior Officers in those Departments, and in the Commissariate, and he himself, were Proprietors or had Shares in several of these Vessels; the Agreement for them was made by, and the Hire paid to, either these Officers themselves or their Agents: The Names of the principal Officers do not appear either in the Agreements for the Hire, or in the Receipts for the Pay. The Average Wages of a Seaman was about Three Pounds Fifteen Shillings Sterling peu Month* and the Victualling about Two Shillings Sterling a Day. It is hardly possible to compute the Average of the yearly Repairs of a Vessel.

David Laird.

T. Anguish,

Richd Neavc,

Sam1 headier ofty Geo. Drummond.

N* 24.

The Examination of Mr. William Butler; taken upon Oath, the 22d and 27th March 1782,.

This Examinant faith. That he held the Office of In-spetfor of Stores and Provisions in North Amei'ica, from the Year 1759 to November 1776; at which Time he was appointed, by the Treasury, A ffistant Commissary to the Army commanded by Sir William Howe at New York t in which Department he is now, and has been ever since.

It is his Business to receive from the Victuallers into the Stores, and to del i ver in Bulk, accord i ng to the Orders of the Commissary General, all Stores and Provisions for the Use of the Army. He reported every Day to the Commissary General what Provisions he had received andde-Bvered out during that Day; and Once a Week he made to him a general Return of all the Provisions received ^nd delivered out, with what remained on Hand. Where Provisions were purchased in the Country by the Commissary General, or Persons employed by him, they were referred to the Inspector to be examined; if he approved of them, he gave a Certificate to the Seller, l'pecifying the Quantity, Weight, and Kind of Provisions; which Certificate entitled him to Payment at the Commissary General's Office, according to his Agreement. He paid every Month all the Clerks and Labourers employed in his Department, and took separate Receipts from each, in the'Name of the Commissary General; He paid the Labourers from Three Shillings

to

22 Geo. Ill*

19 Junii.

to9$

to about One Shilling and Nine Pends a Day Sterling, and every Three Months took up the Monthly Receipts, and exchanged them for a Receipt for Three Months. Me had generally from Seventy to Eighty Labourers, and each was allowed a Ration a Day over and above his Pay, He never was employed to purchase either Stores or Provisions. When Rum was ptircbafed, Two Persons, called Proof Matters, were ordered by the Commander in Chi^f to take the Proof of it; they marked upon the Calk, if above the Standard Proof, the Quantity of Water to be added to reduce it to the Standard, and reported to the Com mi HU ry General the Quantity as if reduced; it was then received into the Stores, and the Person appointed to take Care of the Rum reduced it according to the Directions of the Proof Mailers, and the Assistant Commifl'ary stood charged with the reduced Quantity. He, and several others in the Commissariate, had Shares in several Vessels employed in this and other Departments under Government; these Vessels were all paid as other Vessels were, as the dated Price settled by the Commander in Chief: They were employed in transporting Stores and Provisions to Places where there were different Detachments, and to supply the Out-polls; and were paid at the Oflice of the Commissary General.

Whenever any Provisions, either landed from the Victuallers, or in Store, or returned from the Out-Polls, were damaged, he reported them to the Commifl'ary General; upon his Representation to the Commander in Chief iflueda Warrant, directed to Four, or Six Persons, to hold a Survey, at which the Inspector generally attended: After Examination, they dueled such Part as was unfit for LTfe to be destroyed, and saw it thrown into the Sea: and directed what Part should be saved to feed Cattle, and what ParMhoisld be fold: That Part which was saved lor Cattle, was generally delivered to the Commissary of Cattle; and the Part to be sold continued in Store until feid at Public Vendue, by the Vendue Matter, who received the Money, ami paid it into the Oflice of the Commissary General. A Report of this Survey was made by th; Surveyors and Inspector to the Commissary General, fur the Information of the Commander in Chief.

The Vessels that were emploj'ed in his Department, and were private Property, were for the moll Part Prizes bought at Public Vendue, and were paid, victualled, and kept in Repair by the Owners. No Repairs could be done in the King's Yard that was under the Direction of the Quarter Matter General without his Order; nor in the Naval Yard, without the Order of the commanding Sea Officer for the Time being. Some of the Carts and Horses employed belonged to the Officers of this Department. The Price of a Horse and Cart was about Thirty Pounds Currency; and a Sledge, uled in Winter, about Fourteen Pounds Currency: These were kept in Pay the whole Year, and repaired toy the Owners. The Hire of a Horse and Cart, or Sledge, was Twelve Shillings a Day Currency, paid by Government.

At first his Clerks and Labourers received their Pay and Provisions without any Deduction; but on the 25th of June 1780, he received Directions from the Commissary General to flop from their Pay Two Pence Halfpenny Sterling for each Ration: The Amount of these Stoppages, for the first Half Year, 'was Three hundred and Seventy Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Seven Pence Currency (about Two hundred and Sixteen Pounds Sterling); for the next Quarter, One hundred Eighty-five Pounds Four Shiiiingsand Four Pence Currency (about One hundred and Eight Pounds Sterling): Which Sums he paid to the Commissary Gene-neral.

T. Anguish, JP* Butler.

A. Figgot.

Geo. Drummond Yol. 38.

'25.

Report of Commissioners of Public

By his Excellency the honourable William Howe* Accounts. General and Commander in Chief of all His (L. S,) Majesty s Forces within the Colonies laying on the AIIan tic Ocean, from Nova Scotia to West Florida inclusive, &c. &c. &c.

To Captain David Laird.

Whereas a Number of armed and other Ships have, been chartered by Orders from the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Purpose of supply ing the Army under my Command with Provisions and Stores from Europe; which Ships, from a want of a proper Person to superintend the Discharge of their Cargoes, and their Dispatch from hence, incur unnectflary Expence to Government, and make Delays, to the great Prejudice of His Majesty's Service: And whereas there are a Number of smaller Vessels chartered or hired for public Services, in the different Departments under my Command, which require the most strict Inspection to prevent Abuses: therefore, reposing'especialConfidencein your Vigilance and Activity, do hereby conftjtute and appoint you to be foie Agent for all the Ships and Vessels which shall come freighted by Government and consigned to me, and all such as are or may be chartered or hired by my Order. You are therefore to examine the Cargoes of all such Ships and Vessels on their Arrival at this Port, making known to me if any Fraud or Imposition has been offered to Government, by bringing out Goods not specified in the Bills of Lading; and you are hereby required to direct the Unloading and Dispatch of those Ships and Vessels, from Time to Time, as they may arrive, delivering to me a Weekly State of the Proceedings of all those Who happen to be in this Harbour, or Places contiguous to it, remarking the Causes of Delay, or other Impediments that may occur to your Observation; and when Four, Five, or more arc ready for Sea, you are to report the same to me* that the necessary Orders may be given for them to proceed to England, Ireland, or other Places, agreeable to the Charter Parties under which they respectively serve.

You are also required to take under your Care all smaller Vessels, that have been chartered or hired by my Order; to see that they are properly manned, equipped, and justly rated as to their Tonnage, reporting such as you think superfluous or unfit for Service, that they maybe discharged: And when it is necessary for the Service to charter or hire more Vessels for inland Navigation, you are hereby authorized to do the fame* upon the most reasonable Terms; conducing yourself in the Execution of this Charge, as nearly as possible, according to the Rules and Instructions given and practised by the honourable Board of Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy in the Hire of Vessels for the Service of Government. And, as it may be found advisable to appropriate a certain Number to each of the public Departments; viz, of the Commissary General,

Quarter Mailer General, and Barrack Mailer General, you will in that same feleCl those best conllructed for the several Services, appointing an active and trusty Man to each, with Directions to make frequent Reports to you of their Proceedings, In like Manner you are to deliver to me, every Week, a Return of the small Vessels, and how employed, with your occasional Observations. The Rates and Periods of Payment being ascertained, as may be judged most convenient, you are to give Tickets of Pay, due from Time to Time to the several Masters or Skippers, keeping a regular Book to check the fame, and direct thefeTickets to be carried to the Quarter Mailer General's Office, w here they will be discharged; and upon a Settlement of the whole Ex-12 Z pence

1096

190 Junii. A. 178 2.

Seventh Re- pence, at the End of every Quarter, you will take up port of C°m tj)e faj,j Tickets, and give One general Voucher for PubUcAc-0 full Sum expended within that Time. All Maf-eoiin s. ters, Skippers, and others concerned, are hereby commanded to obey you, as foie Agent, and those in Appointment under you; and you are to observe and follow such Orders and Directions, from Time to Time, as youshall receive from me, or the Commander in Chief for the Time being, and to comply, not waiting for particular Instructions, with such Requisitions as may be made for the Prosecution of the Service, by the Principals in the Departments before mentioned, in pursuance of the Trust hereby reposed in you; for which you

will be entitled to receive Twenty Shillings Sterling J>er Day, to commence from the Date of this Warrant. Given under my Hand and Seal, at Head Quarters in New York, the First Day of January One thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-seven, in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth.

W. Howe.

By his Excellency's Command,

Robert Mackenzie.

This is a true Copy.

David. Laird) 19th March 1782.

N* a6.

We whose Names are underwritten do hereby acknowledge to have received from Brigadier GenerabSir William Erjkiney Quarter Matter General, the following Sums set opposite to each of our Names, in full for Hire of our Horses, Waggons, and Drivers, employed in His Majesty's Service in the Jerjeys, between the ift January and 31st March ijfp

Men's Names. Number of Waggons. Number of Horses. Number of Drivers. Number of Days. At per Day. New York Currency. Alignments.

James Mance - _ . I 2 1 52 12/. 31 4 — James Mance.

John Vanderhoven - - - 1 2 1 67 12/. 40 4 — John Vanderhoven.

John Vanwinckel - - - 1 2 I 7° 12/. 42 John Vamvinckel.

John Mackfall - - - - I 2 I 75 12/. 45 — his John x Mackfall. Mark L*

Charles Brown - - - I 2 1 63 12/. 37 16 — nis Cha! X Brown. Mark

Abraham Lane - - - - I 2 I 51 1 2/. 30 12 — Abraham Lane.

Isaac Cortolyon - - - I 2 I 81 12/. 48 12 — Cha! Curtis, for Isaac Cortolyon.

Ben. Field - - - I 2 I g9 12/. 41 8 — ill 9 Ben. x Field.

Robert Broum - - I 2 I 75 12/. r _ Mark. Robert Brown.

William Ashford - - - I 2 1 70 1 2/. 42 William Ashford.

William Patten - - - 1 2 I 87 12/. 52 4 — William Patten.

William Kelly - - - 1 2 I 84 12/. 50 8 — William Kelly.

Andrew Harvey - - - I 2 1 89 1 2/. 53 8 ~ Andrew Harvey.

James Jones - - - I 2 1 54 12/. 32 8 — James Jones.

Moses Black - - - I 2 I 66 12/. 39 12 - his Moses x Black. Mark.

Isaac Raynor - - - - 1 0 I 81 12/. 48 12 — Isaac Raynor.

Oliver Board - - - - I 2 I 88 1 2/. 52 16 — Oliver Board.

John Grigg - - - 1 I n 1 68 12/. 12/. 12/. 40 16 — John Grigg.

William Butler - - - 1 2 I 75 4 5 William Butler.

Christian Dedreaer - - 1 2 1 88 5216 — Christian Dedreaer.

Jim Black - - - I 2 1 37 12/. 52 4 — his Jim x Black.

Adolph Buffing - - - - 1 2 1 68 12/. 40 16 — M$»r k. Adolph Buffing.

Noah FAdridge - - - - I 2 1 69 12/. 41 8 — Noah Eldridge.

John Willis Black - - - 1 2 I 70 12/. 42 John X Willis Black. Mark.

Richard Graham - - - 1 2 I 80 12/ 1 48 Richard Graham.

Michael Ilandlen - - - I 2 I 88 12/. 52 16 — his Michael X Ilandlen. Mark.

John Good - - I 2 I 37 12/. 52 4 — his John X Good. Mark.

John Cannon - - - I 0 I 85 1 2/. f - — John Cannon.

James Forty - - - 1 2 I 7° 76 12/. 12/. 42 45 12 — James Forty.

Peter Vandebeck - - - I 2 I Peter Vandebeck.

Tobias Me lie a - - - - 1 2 1 67 12/. 40 4 — his Tobias X Melica. iMurk.

a 2 Geo. III.

19° Junii.

1097

c c to £ >

Men's Name. % n £ 5 P "c rs Vm c 5^ Assignments.

u nj >_ u -D i> u u P Currency.

E P c 1

z A £ £ <

John Smith Thomas Gibson - I I 2 2 1 I 57 73 12/. 12/. 34 4 — 4616 — John Smith. Thomas Gibson, his

George Smith - I 2 I 59 12/. 35 8 — George x Smith. Mark.

Thomas Jaclcfon Joseph Thorne -Joseph Woodard Patrick Dtniston - 1 r 1 1 2 2 2 2 I 1 1 1 68 85 9° 64 12/. 12 A 12/. 12/. 40 16 — 51 54 38 8 — Thomas Jaclcfon. Joseph Thorne. Joseph Woodard. Patrick Denijton. his

Robert Blanker - - 1 2 I 58 12 A 34 16 — Robert X Blanker Mark.

John Mills Robert Pulvertap John Pancoajl - - 1 1 1 2 2 0 I 1 I 57 59 81 12/. 12/. 12/. 34 4 — 35 8 — 48 12 — John Mills. Robert Pulvertap. John Pancoajl. his

Henry Rogert - - 1 2 I 87 12/. 52 4 — Ilcnry X Rogert. Mark.

Henry Tedford-Samuel Stockton - 1 1 2 2 I 1 78 69 12/. 12/. 46 16 — 41 8 — Henry Tedford. Samuel Stockton. his

John Bechan - 1 2 1 So 12 A 48 — X Bechan. Mark. I.

Patrick Daly - 1 2 I 82 12/. 49 4 — 1)19 Patrick X Daly. Mark.

Jack Negle - 1 2 I 86 12/. 5I 12" his x Negle. Murk. k;u

Matheio Smith - - 1 2 I 79 12/. 47 8 " nl9 Mathew x Smith. Mark.

Robert Logan -^0/7/7 Lit tell Jonathan Barton John Par non Jeremiah DrifcaU Joshua Wright - _ 1 1 1 1 1 2 I 2 2 2 2 2 4 I I 1 1 1 2 73 77 79 85 68 58 12/. 12/-12/. 12/. 12/. 2 4 A 46 l6 46 4 47 S 49 16 — 40 16 — 69 12 — Robert Logan. John Lit tell. Jof. Gardner, Qr Mr 17th L< Dragoons. TW/?* Varnon. Jeremiah Drifcall. joJhua Wright. his

Isaac Fogg - 1 2 I 80 12/. 48 X Fflog. Mark. his

Wajhney Wit foil - 1 2 1 S9 t:/. 53 3 - Wajhney x Willson. Mark. his 70/777 X Willshire. Mark.

John JVillshire - - 1 2 I 70 12/. 42

Samuel Fitzgerald _ 1 0 I 78 12/. 46 16 — S'c/777/ Fitzgerald.

Richard I'cwnjhend - 1 n I 79 12/. 47 3 — Richard Townshend.

John Ellison - j 2 1 68 12/. 40 l6 John Ellison.

Henry Segaine - - 1 2 I 88 12/. 52 l6 Ilcnry Segaine.

Jacob Parlee - 1 2 1 89 12/. 53 8 — Jacob Par tec.

John Stag lit - 1 2 I S'* 12/. 48 John Slaght. Benjamin Seaman.

Benjamin Scqman - 1 2 1 68 12/. 40 16 —

David Lafarge - - 1 I 2 I 88 12/. 52 16 — David Laforgc.

Jacob Cede - 1 I 2 I 75 12/. 45 Jacob Cole.

Dam Vanclicf - - 1 2 1 82 12/. 49 4 — Daniel Vanclicf. ]

Mathias Dubois - 1 2 I 88 12/. rt 2 I 6 — Mathias Dubois.

Com net ins Crufer - 1 2 I 58 I2A 34 16 — Cornelius Crufer.

Anlh- Stoutenberg i ! 0 I 57 12/. 34 4 — //nlbony Stoutenberg.

Peter Degrot - 1 1 0 I 61 12/. 36 12 — Peter Degrot.

Joseph Prine - 1 1 r* I 6.5 12/. 39 Joseph Prine,

Rich ai d Christopher - - 1 0 1 7° 12/. 42 /iichord Christopher.

Samuel Borroioe i 2 I 71 12/. 42 12 — Samuel Borroue.

Roger Barnes - 1 2 I 5 2 12/. 31 4 — Roger Barnes.

Lawrence Hilliard - - 1 2 I 59 12/. 35 8 - Lawrence Hilliard.

Christopher Billop - 1 2 1 68 12/. 40 16 — Christopher Bitlop.

John Poilimit - 1 2 \ 7* 12/. 41 12 - — 70/7// Poillont.

Edward Beaty - - 1 2 I 72 12/. 43 4 — Edward Beaty.

John JereoiJy - - 1 2 I 68 12/. 40 16 — Jacob Purler, for Jereonfy. his

Henry Butler - - 1 2 1 80 12/. 48 Ilcnry X Butler. Mark.

Hairy Krouse - - 1 2 I 70 12/. 42 Ilcnry Krouse.

Seventh Report of Commissioners of Public Accounts.

Vou 38.

William

I I 11 £- O

v

1098 19° Junii. A. 1782.

Seventh Report of Coti-missionera of Public Accounts. Men's Names. Vi C O 0*' re 2 U-. 0 u £ & 0 i-: 1 1 < i u > Q I 0 1 JD ! 1 r O c V. 0 c a V fc. ! AVru IVi Cuntncy. Affimrncnu.

William Lake - I 2 1 89 ! ! I */ 53 8 — < William Lake.

Richard Seaman 1 7 1 83 12/. 5- l(> — Richard Scania a.

Jacob Mercercau - 1 2 1 72 12/. 43 4 — Jacob Mercereau.

Peter Poillon - I 2 1 75 12/. 45 Peter Poillon.

John Androvet - - I 2 i 80 12/. 48 John Androvet.

Mathias Swain - I 2 1 50 14/. 35 8 Mathias Swain.

Edward Blake I 2 1 68 !2/. 40 16 — Edward Blake.

James Randolph 1 2 1 68 12/. 40 16 — James Randolph.

Barnt Trtf on - I 2 1 59 12/. 35 S - Barent TuJ'en. tiis

Jit Johnson - - - - 1 2 1 7° I2/- 42 James X Johnson.

M:»rk.

John Merfereau 1 2 1 75 12/. 45 John Merfereau.

4,179

I \

N* 27.

We whose Names are under-written, do hereby acknowledge to have received the following Sums, affixed to each of our Names, for Labourers Work done in the Quarter-Mailer General's Stores, between the 14th and ‘24th March 1777; viz1.

a Q 0 u K A n P Sums paid. ATtov Ycri Currency. Assignmems.

mmj s s w. a.

Charles York - 7 5 A 1 *5 — hit Charles -4- For/', Mark. Witness, James Malloy.

Ccester Manavale - m *- 7 5/- 1 15 — (is Cwfar x Manavale, Mark. Witness, James Malloy.

George Brejher - 7 5/- 1 15 — his George X Bre/her, Murk. W itness, Robert

Cafer - — 7 S 5/- 1 15 — his ..... Cafer, X Mark. Witness, Robert

Ueorge Eliger - 7 5/ 1 i5 — his George X Eliger, Mark. Witness, Robert Fordham.

London - mm m 7 S 5/* 1 *5 — his ..... London, X ' Mark. Witness, ////"/1 Frafer.

Total - £ 1 0 ! N O 1-4 -

I certify the above Account to be just,

Jiobt. Dixon, Storekeeper.

N* 28.

N* 29,

o

lr»

A LI ST of the Vessels employed in the Departments of the Quarter Matter Genera?, Barrack Matter General, and Commissary General of His MajestyYForceg in North America, for

One Year and upwards, from the id of January 1777 to the End of December 1780.

g

(Q

n'

CD

Cl

CT

CD

o

0§

FT

QUARTER MASTER GENERAL. 1

\ . V<» Cr 1 — Time of being in

N* Vessel*t Name* V Matter*# Name. Owner'aName. f Toloage. ! What Sort of Vessel. Price per Ton* Service* Amount ef Hire*

- V; Years* Months.

Argule - - - — ‘ Vales m Thomas Ske 100; Schooner i^-sv Sterling per Month 7 2>79

Active-- - - Webb - W. Tyng 144 D* D* j Z 3 2,527 4 —

Alexander - - Abram Abraham - J. Hamilton - 130* Sloop D* J 9 1,870 10 —

Anney — - - R. Me Donald m T. A. Coffin - 9? D" D* I 6 ' I J 1,134 18 —

5 Adventure - R. Powdrit - Knot - 58 Schooner B® 2 1 <342 10 —

Batchelor - Robert APIntoJh - Robert Mc Intosh - 122 BH g B® 1 7 1,506 14 —

Boston - - - Jacob Webb ~ - Josh Goldt/mait *30 Schooner B* 2 5 */- T 3,435 — —

Betfey - T - John Crudeu - 141 Brig B® I 6 14 —

Britannia - - John Smith - Henry Martin 51 Sloop D* 2 6 sJ r 994 10 —

io Beaver - - Commf Van Vorfi - Commt Van Vorjt - _ Pettiauger »6>. York Currency per Day I; ff v/y i 255 5 4

Barrington - - Henderson - - H. E. Martin 69 Sloop 13s: Sterling per Menth- 2 — 1,076 g —

Brothers - N. Horton - - — Kemble 15* D® ol I t 1,2 7 IQ

Charlton - - P" Hurley - - Francis Great 114 D* B* 2 r J w7 1,852 ro —

Charlotte Edward - Moor and Neale - *34- D- D® 2 — 2,oqo 8 —

*5 Chance — - J. Smith - John M*Kenny 130 Schooner D*; r ' 8 1,690

Christopher — 1 ' Thomas Davis John Hamilton &L D* D* 1 8 1,053

Dithiitch William Tunlov - 8& Sloooo ry x , O O

Duncan . Robert Ch _ r W Vfci v4 i t w JL f James Reid - 125 Brig D* 1 2 1 2 1,062 z — 2,112 10 —

Die - - - Jet. Pecker - - F. Whit hr of - 80 Sloop TT s I 676

20 Eagle - — . J. Collvill- William Humble - 120 D° D* r 4 1^48

Eagle - Thomas Brown - Thomas Brown 3* D° D® 1 2 345 16 —

Eagle ~ - Angos M - IV illiam Humble - 45- Sloop and Schooner D* 4 — M4 — —

Ediuard — Jvlm Peeples - - William- Ta ‘39' Brig 1 6s.Sterling per Mont h r 6 2,00 r 12 —

Eagle - — — Ryan - John Hamilton 75- Sloop '13JV Sterling per Month 2 — . 1,170

*5 Friendship- — - . Magntis CroJby - James Reed - 9® Schooner D® 2 9 i>93o ,0 —

Fanny - — - Harriott - John Jones- Z2E Brig D* I 95 1,651. 13 —

Falmouth: — _ . - Robert Cranet 221 Ship 8 s.Sterling per Month £ 4 1,414 8 —

Gage - t W. Phipps - - William Harvey - Sehoouer .13;. Sterlingoer Month X 9r 1,692 12 —

h George- - - — Sc William Bfa , 100 i Sloop ' Dr I It X 845 — _

2=0

C* O —

o

W

o

vo

Sr

r

o

Vo

sregTSS*-

„ O 3

CC-g. n»- v

D

cq'

3°

35

40

45

50

55

60

The following Vessels remained in the Service on the 31st of December 1780.

Bonetta,

Betfey,

Baltimore,

Black Joke,

Britannia,

Byron,

General Ilowe - T. Hardin - - Phil. Damarafqtte - 89 Schooner t3J. Sterling per Month. I 8 M57

Gigg - - T, Smith - Thomas Pope 56 Sloop D* 4 2 1,820 — —

General Grant . William Hughes . James Reed 95 D° D* 1 8 i»235. — —

General Grey - John Palfrey - James Reed 85 D* Da 1 3 828 15 —

Greyhound - - James Camplin - William Gibson 95 D° D* 1 4 988 —

Ilannnond - Jof. P of gate - - James Reed 100 Schooner D- 1 — 780

Hercules Peter Stark - Thomas Pope I29 D* D* 1 — 1,006 4 —

Industry Martin Molony Thomas Place 88 D* D' 2 — 1,372 16 —

Kitty - Robert Dodds - James Reed 107 D* D* 1 6 r,25i 18 —

Keppel ' Thomas Jones - Winthrop H4 Sloop D* 2 5 2,148 18 —

Loyali/l m Cor. White - - N. R. Thomas. 95 D# D* 1 5 1,049 15 —

Lord Drummond _ M* J. London Mc Adam. 58 D° D* 1 7 716 6 —

Lord Howe - Chai Floon - - Henry White ». 102 Brig D* 1 6 1,193 8 —

Lady North - - ! Jacob Wright - J. Pope - - 9° Sloop D* 1 4 936

Mary and Susannah Abraham Martin - Abraham Martin «. 70 Schooner D* 2 7 1,410 10 —

Mermdid N. Horton - - William Harvey - 137 Sloop D* 2 — *>137 4 —

Molly Wright Hart s 122 Schooner D* 3 8 3.489 4 —

Matty - Charles Poaaq //. Cairns IIO Sloop D* 1 9 1,501 10 —

Nancy Hill m Samuel Hicks 9 5 D* D* 2 — 1,482

Neptune - John Palfrey -» m Thomas Pope 129 D» 16s. Sterling per Month r 9 2,167 4 —

Phoenix i J. Broom to J. Broron JI9 D 1 y. Sterling per Month 3 1 . ?.,86i 19 - —

Peggy . James Shazo W. Humble 145 Brig D* 1 7 1,790 15 —

Refugee - John Brighiman - N. Ray Thomas 144 Schooner D* 1 — - 1,123 4 —

Ranger W.Hatch 0 *» W. Hatch 15° Brig D* 1 — 1,170

Rogers - H. Riley - T. Buchanan- 123 D# r6f. Sterling per Month 1 4 1,574 8 —

Strumpet - . J: Mc Adam - 64 Sloop 1 y. Sterling per Month- 1 790 8 —

Salty Sol. Smith - S. Smith 94 D° o° 1 6 1,099 16 —

Swallozo C. Byrn- Thomas Skelton 9° Schooner D* 2 4 1,638

Sally . James Arm Andrew Dealey 1 *9 Sloop D* 1 9 1,624 7 —

Seq/lower - William Bell - A. Moore 109 D* D* 1 9 1,487 17 —

Terrible - , Robert Bland _ H. Thompson - j 108 D* D* 2 3 1,895 8 —

William »' J. Morris- M.Harvey -1 - 144 D* D* 1 — 1,123 4 —

Windsor Packet - Thomas Partridge - Francis Green - 1 1J3 Brig 1 D* 1 881 8 ——

8?3/S£

B 2?- S

F s* 5 8.

w cr

>7

*>3

O

O

'O

e

91,444 19 4

Barrington, Fanny, . Hetty, Matty, Eeggy,

Chance, Falmouth, John, Mary Ann, Rachaer,

Christopher, Gigg, Keppel, Nana/, Reprifat,

Duncan, General Lejlie's Whale- Lucy, Nymph, Rachael,

Eagle, boat, Molly, Pool, Sally,

FriendJhtp, , Hercules, Maria, Peggy, 1 Sir James Wallace,

Seafioioer,

Sally,

Sally*

<1

OO

D

(Q

r — H

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

eg.

FT

w

00

N*

10

15

20

C

o

co

t

BARRACK MASTER GENERAL,

Time of being in the Service.

Vessel's Name. Master9t Name. Owner's Name* Tonnage. Wl*at Sort of Vessel. Price per Ton, Amount of Hire.

1 / Years. ' Months.

Adventure S. Parker OB R. Boss IOI Schooner jar. Sterling per Month. 2 8 1--r 2,100 16 —

Betty - James Brozort - D. Schaw - 69 D° D® I 6 807 6 — -

Diana - J. Howland - - W. Blair - 129 D® D® 2 — - 2,012 8 —

Escape - - J. Brattle - - C. Martin - 85 D® D® I — 663 — —

Friends - J. Coffin - A. Dealey OF 65 D® D® 2 7 i,3°9 l5 —

Friendship - Henry Thomas - A.Dealey 90 Sloop D® I 8 1,170

Free Mason - - Thomas Cheap - J. Chridie - 87 Schooner D® I " 678 12 —

General Burgoyne - J. Hitchum - - A. Dealey - 102 Sloop D" 3 — 2,386 16 —

George - Bogers - m A. Dealey - - 95 Schooner D® 2 6 1,852 10 —

Greyhound -Hope - - J. mifon- - A. Dealey - 84 D® D® I — - 655 4 —

- Li Douglas - - A.. Dealey " - 100 D® , D® 2 9 2 .-i 45

Hope - - - James McGhie - J. Hamilton - " - - C7 D° D® I 6 783 18 —

Happy Couple - Thomas Tot tie m C. Martin - - 75 Sloop D® 2 — 1,170

Juno - A. Dealey - William Blair - 98 Schooner D® I 5 1,082 18 —

Lord Barrie dale . — , — Lewis - - William Blair - no Sloop D® 2 6 2,145

Lady Hence - mm 7. - - //, Ipw - - - 66: Schoouer D® 3 3 1,673 2 —

Lord. Hence - _ 7 Hetchum - - H. Lfiox: - 102, ' D® D® 3 x ‘ 2,453 2 *»*

Maty - . McGibbon Z>. Sitsclml' - - 74. D® D* 2 5 1,394 *8 —

Afary - - H. Boss - D ealey - - - 78 D® D® 1 3 760 10- —

<S7r William Erjicine J. McKenzk William, Blair - 108 Sloop D® 2 1 1 >755'

Sally - - D. Drummond 'A. Dealey - 122 Brig D® 1 7 1,506 14 1-

4$*/. Andrew - T. Wallis - - 'William 'Blair - - 97 Schoouer D® 1 6 i,i34 18 —

Two Brothers H.M*Gibbon'} William, 'Blair m 66 1 Sloop D® 2 4 1,20-1 4 —

Three Friends- George Taylor - Captain Martin - 103 Brig D® — 803 8 —

William - IV. Buckeldy- A. Dealey - - 56 Schooner D° 2 6 1,092 — —

u ,. > ,) A Carry over - -

Escape, JiriendSy. *

The following Vessels remained in the Service on the 31st of December 1780,

1

34,737 1?

126,182 18 4.

Friend/kipi Free Mafony

Hope, . ' Ilappy

Mary, MohazvJce+,

Peggy,

St.Amlrem,

Three F

Williams

H

K>

a

w

o

O-.

ss-s.3? g*

o c O o =*-

§ g.8 5:3-

0 2 ? W-

3 ?

COMMISSARY G

Nc

Vessel's Name.

D

eg'

r — +

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o

oo_

10

*5

20

25

3°

35

Ann

Adrian -Buck -Betfey and Polly Be (fey -Betfey - -»

Brooklyn Christian Cranford Chance -CVz/0 - ‘ Dorothy Deborah EJhei' - -

J&fr -Friendship -Fame -Goodtuck Granby - '

//fl/X? -

Industry Jane ‘ -Isabella Kent

Minerva ~

Forty - ' . '

Pd//jT -Peggy -Pd//?;1 -P erf ret -

Penelope Quebec -Rattray -Speedxvelt

<v« % -

Mailer's Name. Owner's Name. Tonnage. What Sort of Vessel.

James Wier - William Nixon 68 Sloop

- /. Williams - William Butler - 132 Brig

- William Hore William Collins 63 Sloop

- J. Hilton Perry - - 205 Ship

- WUtiam Harding - ff. Harding - - 42 Schooner

- Reese - P. James - 50 Sloop

- James Young - Parsons - 75 Schooner

- P. A/wzr P. Afwr - 109 Brig

- /. Stewart - P. Af/tt'r - - . 108 Sloop

- French- 7- Christic - - 85 Schooner

- John Wilson - - T. A. Cd$Fw - - 65 D°

- J/. ATz7/x - ~ - Mi Mills - 44 Sloop

- -4. jJ/c Dougald — Townfield - 64 D°

- Stewart Kibble - - - 124 Schooner

- John Wilson - - 7. Christic - 54 Sloop

- P. CW - P. James - 37 D°

- William Boyes S. Kibble - - 100 Da

- 11. Innis' - - £ Kibble - - - - 99 Schooner

- Bland - *F. Butler - 120 Sloop

- Venables ' S. Kibble - - , -; 82 D*

- P. Guignard- " P. James - _ Schooner

- Morrison A. Dealcy - 144 Brig

- G. Elvyne - - G. Elvyne - j - 44 Sloop

- Inliifler " Tbfoz Hamilton ! - 4/ D°

- - Fullerton — Nixon - I - ing Schooner

- G. Third - - - EJPWiJko - ! - 68 Sloop

- P. Pfar/ R. Hart - - 47 D°

- 2). Ezving 7. Moncur - - 120 Brig

- J. Wanton - Pomettr . -. M3 Sloop

- £/«w Davis - E. Davis - f - 88 Schooner

- tP. Pert ... - & JK/Wfe... -; .180 Brig

- — - — Brown - (7. Butter - j JiTi6 D*

- aS'. Pearce & Pearce - S - 102 D*

- William Broztm JE>. Afc Donald — Schooner

- George Wright W. Parsons - # - . 89 Sloop

" Heath - W. Parsons - ' ‘ *47 Brig.

VOL. 38.

40

Sujannah Robert Palerson S. Kibble 106 Sloop D* 1 G

Success - James Forfyth S. Kibble 64 Schoon e D° 2 1

-Srctf/j - Waterbury J. Pope- 52 Sloop D* 2 8

Thomas Stevens B. James 4.5 D* D° 2 2

Three Friends J. Wright S. Kibble 163 Brig D° x 7

Bctfey - P. Mulligan - P. Mulligan - Schooner 18.9. Sterling per Day 2 / 7

Bohctla 5^7*. Wright - ycr. Wright - — Pettiauger 0 J 20s. Sterling pvr Day 2 / 10

Hanger - - 7*. Penard B. James 61 Sloop r' I J 13s. Sterling per Month 2 5

The following Vessels remained in the Service on the 31st December 1780.

I Brampton, 1 Brooklyiiy CWo, I HoZVCy Banger,

\ Bctfey, Chester, j Deborahy 1 Perfeh, Reprisaly

Thomas.

1,240 4 —

1,040

1 ,oS 1 12 —

760 10 —

2,013 1 —

847 16 —

T>°34

11 ~

55>925 i4 —

182,108 12 4

K>

O

w

o

to

CO

VO

o

♦a

*f>

b

divert th port of Commissioners o Public Accounts.

rro4

190 Jum. A. 1782.

N* 29.

' An ACCOUNT of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of the Hire, employed in the Department of the Quarter Mailer General of His Majesty's Forces in North America, for every Quarter, from the 25th of December 1776 to the 31st of March 1780. Extracted from the Vouchers of the Quarter Mailers General, delivered by them into the Office of the Auditors of the Imprell.

Number of

PERIODS. Vessels. Amount of the Hire.

'Between 25th December 1776 and 31st March 1777 _ _ 63 £ 4.042 i. d. *5 5i

ift April and 30th June 1777 - - - - -15 2,987 2 if

£ 5 1 ft July and 30th September 1777 - - - - 46 4,110 4. 3*

is 1 ft 0Bober and 31st December 1777 - - - - 103 14,198 12 71

tsJ I .2 \ lft January and 31st March 1778 - - - - 4i 5.847 10 2.

ift April and 30th June 1778 - - - - 122 18,7 7 5 12 9i

V ift July and 30th September 1778 - - - - 72 9.924 ia 11

CO g 1 ft 0Bober and 31st December 1778 - - - - 91 11,897 14 9 {

O' ift January and 31st March 1779 - - - 60 9>429 7 "k

w ill April and 30th June 1779 -» - 68 »3.«39 4f

£ 5 f ift July and 30th September 1779 _ _ _ 70 H.575 4 7

e - vJ tj o u S \ ill October and 31st December 1779 - - - - 59 10,249 1 11

'H< ] .3 s ill January and 31st March 1780 - - - - 62 11,406 *s 91

O' £ 127,483 18 ioi

N° 30.

RETURN of Drivers, Horses, and Waggons, delivered by the Quarter Mailer General to the following General, Staff Officers, and Corps of the Army, under the Command of his Excellency Sir Ilozve, Commander in Chief, fife. fife. fife. between the ill April and 30th June 1.777, being 91 Days.

Distribution. n 0 > Q cn C O w> w *3 Horses. Commencing. Ending. N° of Days, >> Q fc ft. < Sums paid in lori Currency.

Commander in Chief 6 6 12 May 10th June 30th 52 72/ /. *. 4. 187 4 —

Lord Cornwallis - 3 3 6 April ift - - 91 36/. 163 16 —

Major General Vaughan - 3 3 6 - - - 91 3 «/ 163 16 —

Major General Grant 3 3 6 - - - 91 36/- 163 16 —

Major General Grey 2 2 4 14th - - 73 24/. 93 12 —

Brigadier General Agneiv - 2 2 4 ift - - 9i 24 /. 109 4 —

Brigadier General Mathew 2 2 4 - . - - 9« 24/. 109 4 —

Brigadier General Lejlie - 2 2 4 . - wi 24 A 109 4 —

QuarterMaster General and Family 3 3 6 - - - 9i 36/. 163 16 —

Adjutant General and Family - 2 2 4 - - - 91 24/. 109 4 —

Hospita! - 4 4 8 3d - - 39 48/. 213 12 —

Engineer's Department - 8 8 32 lft - - 91 144/. 655 4 —

Pontoon Waggons - 64 32 12S 2d - - 00 672/. 3,024 — —

Flat Boat Waggons - 44 22 132 3d - - 89 594/ 2,643 6 —

Major Holland's Corps of Pioneers and Guides - 2 2 4 ift 91 24/. 109 4 —

The 16th Regiment LightDragoons 7 7 14 4th - 88 8-iA 369 12 —

l-'ih D° Light Dragoons 7 7 14 2d _ - . 90 84/. 378

ift Battalion Light Infantry 10 10 20 ill _ _ 91 120/. .546

2d Battalion Light Infantry lo 10 20 . _ - 91 120/. 546 — —

British Rifle-men 2 2 4 2d _ 90 24/. I08

Queen's Rangers 5 5 10 3 d _ 89 60/. 267

ift Battalion Grenadiers 10 10 20 in 91 120/. 546

2d Battalion Grenadiers 10 10 20 _ 91 120/. 546

Guards, 2 Battalions - 16 16 32 2 4 _ 90 IQ2/- 864

4th Regiment - 5 5 10 cth _ . 3? 60/. 201 —

ijtli D° 5 5 10 id . 9° 60/. 270 -r —

7th D° 5 5 10 May 11 ihj . - 5i 60/. 15 3 — —

10th D* 5 5 10 I - - 1 5i i 60/. 153 The

22 Geo. III.

Tire 15 th Regiment 17th D°

23d D6

26th D* -

27th D° -

28th D*

23d D° -

3.5th D®

37th D°

38th D®

40th D® -4 2d D°, Two Battalions 44th D° -

46th D®

49th D° -

.52dD- - -

55th D* -

64th D® -

71st D®, Three Battalions

Hessian Staff.

General De Heifer General Steirne Colonel Donop

Corps;

Yagars -Grenadiers Battalions Steirne s Brigade -Loose's Battalion - -

Anfpach Yagars - -

Aiifpack Regiment, Two Battalions Waldeck Regiment Extra Waggons, Comnriiflary General, Provisions, Stores, Sick, Wounded, Sic. SCc. Sic. Horses for Hessian Artillery -pitto — Anfpach Artillery -Ditto — Waldeck ArtiHery -Extra Horses for Guides, and other Purposes -

Nezo York Currency -Amount of Horses, Waggons, Sic. at New York, per Return

ip* Junii.

5 10 April ift June 30th 91 60/. 273

5 5 10 3d 91 60/. ' 273

5 5 10 . 89 60/. 267 — —

5 5 10 May 11 th . - - 51 60/. 153

5 5 10 April 3d - . - 89 60/. 267 — —

5 5 10 lft - - - 9: 60/. 2 73

5 5 10 - - - - 91 60/. 273

5: 5 10 2d - - - 9° 60/. 2 70

5 5 IO, May nth - - 5i 60/.' *53

5 5. 10 - - - - 5i 60/. *53

5 5 10 April ift - - - 91 60/. 273

10 10 20 3d - - - 89 120/. 534

5 5. 10 2d - - - 9° 60/. 270'

5 5 10 ift - - - 91 60/. 273

5 5 10 3d ... 89 60/. 267

5 5 10 May 1 ith - 51 60/. *53

5 5 10 April 2d - 9o 60/. 270 — . —

5 5 10 ift . 91 60/. 273

16 16 32 i 91 l92l- 873 12 —

4 4 8 1 l ift 91 43/. 218 8 —

2 2 4 2d - 9° 2-4/- 108

2 2 4 ift 91 24 0 <C 1

3 3 6 3d 89 36/. 160 4 —

24 24 48 ift ... 91 288/. 1,310 8 —

18 18 36 2d - 9° 216/. 972 — —

7 7 14 4th 88 84/. 369 12 —

/ 2 2 4 2d - 9° 24 / 108 — —

14 14 28 5th - - - 87 168/. 730 16 —

7 7 M 2<l 9° 84/. 378 —

189 189 378 1 £3 ift . 91 91 2,268/. 459/* 10,310 8 — 2,088 9 —

43 ... - - - 91 129/. 506 19 —

- - 23 91 69/. 313 19 —

43 ... - - - 91 429/. 1.95119 —

... - - - - 38,29212 —

_ ... - - - - 7,605':

£ 45,897 12 —

Seventh Re* port of Com-rrrissioners of Public Accounts.

V«t. 38-

RETURN

, Coogte

Seventh Report of Cotn-rrissioners of Public Accounts.

i io 6

R ET U II N of Ilorfes and Waggons delivered (o the following Corps by Lieutenant Colonel William Shirrcjf, Deputy Quarter Mailer General, between the ift April and 30th June 1777, being 91 Days.

190 Junu. 178a.

Distribation. Drivers. ca O bO 0 ii VC £ Horses. to c 0 c <Lt 1 0 0 Ending. CO Q W-. 0 0 £ re' r. V. a. < Sums paid in Nrj York, Currency.

Commander in Chief - r - j 2 2 4 April 1 ft June 30 th 9l 24/. 109 4 —

Hessian Generals quartered in Town 6 6 12 2d - - 9° 72/- 324

British Staff quartered in Town 6 G 12 2d - 9° 72/. 324 — —

For the Gari ifon of New York 28 28 56 lft - ‘91 33 £>/ 1,528 16 —

Three Regiments, York Island 9 9 18 ift - 9* 108/. 491 8 —

57th Regiment, at Paulas Hook 3 3 6 2d - - - 9° 36/- 162

The 7th, 10th, 26th, 37th, 38th,

and 5 2d Regiments, on Staten

J/land, each 3 Waggons - 18 ' 18 . 36 lft May 10th 40 216/. 432

At King's Bridge, 3 Regiments - - - - 18 .18 36 ift June 30th 91 2161. 982 16 —

Provincial Corps. V

2 New York Companies, Delaneey,

Farming's, Brown's, Bayard's^Skin-

tier's, Morris's, and

Queen's Rangers - 42 42 84 2d - - - 9° 5°4 / 2,268

Bridge Mailer - 1 2 lft - 91 12/. 54 12 —

Extra Waggons at Fort Knyphaufen 8 8 16 lft - - - 91 9 b/. 436 16 —

Artillery Ilorfes for 3 Battalions

Ht-Jjians, 12 each - , - - 36 lft - - - 91 108/. 491 8 —

£ 7,605

RETURN of Drivers, Horses, and Waggons, furnished by the Quarter Mailer General, for the British Artillery, by Order of the Commander in Chief, between the ill April and 30th June 1777.

Distribution. Drivers. Waggons. Horses. Commencing. £> Ending. 93 -j Q 0 k At per Day. Sums paid in New York Currency.

Delivered the British Artillery 46 46 Q2 April 111 Jinie 30th 91 5 5 2/- 2,511 12 —

mm

N* 31.

RETURN of Drivers, Ilorfes, and Waggons, furnished by Colonel Lord Cathcart, Acting Quarter Mailer General to the Army in A orth America, in the Dil'trict of by Order of his Excellency the Commander in Chief, for the General and Staff Officers, and several Corps of the Army, between the and jill December 1779, inclusive, being 92 Days.

Distribution. 1 tn w. C‘ > Q 1 Horse . c te to re £ Commencing. Ending. (A >> re Q u. 0 0 2 1 At per I)av. New York Cur-icncy.

Commander in Chief, Seven large

Waggons, with Four Horses to

each Waggon - 7 28 7 oar ift Dec 31st 92 J47 / 1 CO r^.

Lieut. General Earl Cornwallis,

Three large Waggons, with Four

Horses to each Waggon 0 12 3 - - - - 63/, 289 16 —

r - 2 4 2 - 24/. 110 8 —

1 2 4 2 28 - - 6.5 - - 78 - -

Major Generals - / Mathew 2 4 2 1 - - - 92 - 110 8 —

Smith - 2 4 2 28 - - bf) - - 78

I Lcjlie - 2 4 2 1 - - . 92 - - x 10 8 —

Brigadier

2 Geo. III,

mV.

Patlcrfort Martin -Sterling -

Brigadier Generals

„ -

Adjutant General's Department -Quarter Mailer General and Deputies CommilTary General -Hospitals for the Navy and Army Provost Marllial -

Corps.

17 th Reg* Light Dragoons -D9, for their dismounted Corps of Light Infantry D9, for their mounted -Corps of Grenadiers -

1 ft Battalion of Guards

2d D° — D9 -7 th Regiment - -

17th D° -

2 2d D*

23d D* -

26th D* -

33d D« - -

37th D9

38th D9 -

42ft D9, Two Battalions

43d D9 - -

44th D* -

54th Regiment -

57 th D9 -

63d D* -

64th D* -

71st D° Detachment.

76th D9 -

80th D9 -

82c] D* -

84th D# Detachment -

Provincial Staff and Corps.

Brigadier General Delaney - *

Brigadier General Skinner -

Colonel Innisy Inspeflor General for Stores,^. Queen's Rangers mounted and dismounted -The 3d Battalion of Dels Brigade ill Battalion 1 ——

id D9 / of Skinner's Brigade

4th D° )....

New York Volunteers (One Company) -King's American Regiment Col1 Fanning's -Prince of Wales's Regiment, B. Gen1 s -

Loyal American Reg* Col1 Robert foil's -Volunteers of Ireland with their Flank Comp* British Legion, for Cavalry and Infantry Staten Island Troop, Light Dragoons -Buck's County Troop, D°

Capt". Deman's Troop of Hussars Colonel Art ell's Corps of Nassau Blues -Loyal New Englanders - - '

Govenor Wentworth!s Volunteer Troop

Guides and Pioneers - -

Stexvart's Company of Blacks -

lleffian Staff.

General Knyphaufen Staff and Suit f De Lojberg -

Major Generals < ^Huy

\_Dc Kofpoth -

Brigadier General Vol. 38.

2 4 2

2 4 2

2 4 2

2 4 2.

3 6 3.

3 6 3~

2 4 2

12 24 12

1 2 1

T *4 7

2 4 2j.

20 40 I 1

1 2, .« 1

20 40. go

5 10 5

5 IO 5

5, IO 5

2 4 2

5 IO; 5

5 IO 5-

2. 4 2

5 10 , 5

5 10 5.

5 10 5

10 20. 10

5 10 , 5

5 10 5

5 10 5

5 10 5-

5 10 5

5 10 5

2 4 2_

io 20 1°.

10 20 10

r* 0 10 5

1 2 1

I 2 ! 1

1 2 i

2 4 2

6 12 6

4 8 4

3 6 3

3 6 3

3 6 3

1 2 X

5 10 5

5 10 *, 5

3 b 3

7 M 7

9 18 9

1 2 X

1 2 1

1 2 t

1 2 1

1 2 i:

1 2 ii

3 6 3

1 2 1

t 1 i

1 24 - 1 11

2 4 2,

2* 4 2

2 4 2

2 4 2

I 2 I

0<5lr ill D e<f 31st 1 T' 92 . 'Ml-

li; r. 36/.

« - - 24/.

- - - 144/.

v rf ' 12/.

!. 1 f vJi 'll , i* ' V

- B t > 0 .84/.

r - - ij t „ , . V ' " 24/-

I - . - ‘ - w «4 0/.

! - -<A , - v«/»-

- . - ..r. > 340/.

I- :* A 60/. ' - *

1 . V:; > 24/.

8 r 65 60/.

1 - . - . 92 -

- * r> r - 24 A

- ' do/.

28 - r % 1 - >

ill* _; - 0 ' 92 1-2<J/,

28 - . ^5: 60/1

xft , f * ' M 9

- T - -1' <y. 92 Baj.

- T* . n"i -

- - - .

, ‘ >; ir.fl -

- . - '

; ' f f - if r ' *.,) 13

' f ' ' rr.'i 60/i

" , c ' . ': i '.' f - . -.*2/i ' > I«.'l V

m - ! (i

, V . t / ' ( i 1V> ! if 1

- a. ‘ . *

- - - . " , *T

TKr; — A A / > ‘ "44A . 72/i

_ A j* 48/1

, ,^/'

-: . - 60/.

28 65 1

I . 92: 36/.

t 84/.

108/.

.r. ‘12/.

28 - - - m 65 «" r ;r ;i - r.,

I 'A. ' / 92 3

f 1 »2/v.

A + — 141/.

28 - - G5 24/.

I 92 65 -

28 -

1 92 -

" - 12/.

i ioj

110 ;l 10 no 110

165

165

110 662

55

8

8

8

8

i'i

12

8

8

4

' 386 8 -i-110 8 —

M4 —

55 4 — 1,104 -r 276 — -' 276 — ----- *-

- 276 —

'a 10 ,.8'

195 t-- —

,176 "^ T — 4-

- 1 io 8. — .^76 r.J'-rt-

- 276.Wp-)---

.w. -r"

552 ~ "

*76

1 y6*. -ui

a.y

13 c

5;r,

rf"

552 —

‘ ^76

i-UC

55 4 55. 4.T--fiio '8 -^J

33 4 —

- 220 16 -i'-'-

ado-12 —:

165 II —

165 12 -

i. 55 4 r —

: 276 — —

95 — —

165 12 —

386 8 —

496 16 — 55 4 55. 4 *-i: 55 4 9-. ,55 4 ~ 39

;39 —

165 12 —

55j» 4 —

648 12 — 78--110 8 — 78 — .

no 8 — 55 4 — Artillery*

Seventh Rtfl porf of C01U- miffioriers of Public Accounts.

Seventh Report of Commissioners pt Public Accounts.

i 108

19° J

A. 1782.

Artillery, Staff, and Train of Reserve under the Command of Lieut. Colonel Eitell Ditto for Stores and Tools -Ditto for a Field Forge, Ammunition Cart, and spare Wheel Carriages - -

Hessian Hospital for Medicine Chest, Baggage* &c. - - - - '

Hessian Corps for transporting Artillery, Aitimu* nitioiij and Baggage.

Gren^BattnAi/tc-CFor Baggage ing - - -(For Cannon and Ammunition Grenr BattnZ//j-<ffor Baggage - -

gerk - - -(For Gannon and Ammunition GrenT Battn dei For Baggage - -

Schuler - -^For Cannon and Ammuniton

Cn»n'R»lt"tt^F<}r BaS§aSe *

Oren Uatt Cr rW(¥otCannon and Ammunition

Regiment du <For Baggage -

Corps - -(For Caqrnon and Ammunition Regiment£tf?erfff*>r Baggage -grave - - -/For Cannon and Ammuhition Reg* Prince //e-CFor Baggage -

reditaire - -(For Cannon and Ammunition Regiment/V/wcessor Baggage - -

Charles - -( For Cannon and Ammunition

Reg ' DitfivithCannm^and Ammunition

Reg (Donop cSra, Kl Ammu'nition Regy JLoJberg Fdr Baggage -RegKriyphaufen For Baggage - ' *

RqrMtrbach Ammunition

Rogiment fej XuunJnitiou

ffor Baggage - - - '

Reglmei

tegimenttf«Ktf^p®J finonand Ammnnitioji Iagars, mountedf For baggage -

dnd dilbaountecl/For Cannon and Ammunition

Regiments of A nfpaeh.

Ml Hogimum - IftlcSflnaAu.mmtitiop

24 Regiment - j r"cSfand Ammunitio^ Iagar Corps - For Baggage -Extra Waggons, with Four tdorfes to each, as Provision Tr^in, and forming "Magazines of Forage for the At my; besides the Transportation and colle&ipg of Stores, Fuel, 8Cc. For the Troops, and providing'Materials for the building of Barracks and Hutts for the Troops in Winter Quarters/ and for the carrying on of the Public Works, <Sfc°. 8(ca. -Extra Waggons, with Two Horles to each, for Ditto, and extra Duties of tlieArmy, &*c°. -Drivers and Horses attached to the Bridge Mailer, for transpofting of Pontoon Boats and Materials fo#|the Building of Bridges -rlorfes for the mounting of Guides and Expresses, as also for the Waggon Mailers and Conductors, and the transporting of Field Focges - - - .

Total

3 8 3 OcT iff Deer 31,(1 <r- 'll/- 12/. 207 — — >

1 2* 1 - - 55 4 —

— 13 — - - - - - 39/ 179 8 —

4 8 4 - - - 48/. 220 16 —

6 i? 6 72/. 33l 4 —

1 J7 1 . - - 57A 262 4

6 ii 6 - - 5 - - - 72/. 33* 4 —

1 13 1 - - - 4.>/- ' 207

6 12 6 . - " - - 72/. 45/- ^3* 4 —

1 13 1 - - 267 ——

6 12 6 a - - 72/- 33-1 4 —

1 13 1 - - " - - 45/* 207 — —

6 12 6 - - 72/- 331 4 —

1 *7 1 - - - 57/ . ^62 4 —

6 12 6 - - - 71/'. 331 4 —

1 r3 1 - ‘ - - 45/-' ' 72/- £V7 —

6 12 6 - - " 331 4 —

1 13 1 - - - - 45A 207 — -

,6 12 6 . - - 72/- 331 4 —

i 1 *7 1 - - 5 77- 202 4 —

: 6 12 ,6 28 th - - 65 72/. 45/ 234. —

: 1 13" 1 - " - - 146 5 —

6 12 6 ill - 95 72/. 33[ 4 —

1: l3 1 — - - ‘ - 45 A. 207 —

4 8 4 " - - - - 4SA 2 20 16 —

3 6 - - - 36/- 1A5 12 —

; 6 12 1 -; - - 72A 331 4 —

I 12 1 ' - - - 45/- 207 — —

6 6- - 1 - - 72A 331 4

6 13 1 - - - 45A 20,j — ——

12 6* 28th 65 72'/. 23.4 — —

' I - 17 J - - ! - 57A 185 5 —

1 6 12 6* - 72/- Z34 —

F i« i - - - 45/ 146 5 —

7 7 ill - 91 84/. «86 8, —

f $ 1 " - — - 39A 179 8 —

6 12 6 28 65 72/. 234 _ —

— ii — . - 3® A ll7 —

6 12 e - - - 72/. Z34 — *

— , K 2 — . - - 3^A »*7 —

2 4 2 I 92 24/. no 8 —

T79 1. cr> 00 0 170 92 3>57°A 16,422 .

100 aop 100 . - - - 1,200 /. 5*520 — — *

125 - - - - 489A 2,249 8 —

- 64 - - - 192/. 883 4 —

7 —

740 2,l64 699 /

22 Geo. III.

no$)

190 Junii.

N° 32.

Seventh Re*

Arc ACCOUNT of the Number of Waggons, Horses, and drivers, with the Amount of the Hire, employed j^noHe"* in the Department of the Quarter Matter General of His Majesty's Forces in North , for every of Public.

Quarter, from the 25th of December 1776 to the 31st of March 1780. Extracted from the Vouchers of the Account* Quarter Matters General, delivered by them into the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest.

PERIODS. I

fcr 2 &

Between 25th December 1776 and 31 ft March 1777 1 ft April and 30th June 1777 -

lft July and 30th S 1777 - -ift October and 31st December 1777 - -

\ ill January and 31st March 1778 - -

I 1 ft April and 30th June 1778 -

ift 55//;/and 30th September 1778 - -

ill October and 31st December 1778 - -

ift January and 31st March 1779 - -

lit April and 30th June 1779 - -

ift July and 30th September 1779 ift October and 31st December 1779 -ift January and 31 ft March 1780

Number of Waggons. Number of Horses. Number of Drirers. Amount of the Hire.

523 1,176 458 £- 13,666 s. d. 3 —

763 2,082 817 28,238 14 —

i»376 3>i" 1,44b 23,631 13 ~

798 1,880 798 28,785 12 —

748 1,810 75° 27,281 12 6

897 2,128 »99 3L498 2 8

7°9 1.893 793 27,821 15

040 1,809 642 24,161 12 2

5*3 1,5*5 524 21,555 19 2

604 i>7*3 607 24»532 8 6

64^ 2,014 687 27,712 7 9

% 9 2,164 740 29,729 *5 9

690 2,147 73i 29,819 12 1

' 338,435 8 6f

N* 33.

Head Quarters, Wynnejborough, 23d December 1780.

Orders by Earl Cornwallis.

As I consider myself a Steward for the Public Money expended by the Troops under my Command, I think myself bound, by the Duty I owe my Country, to re* gulate the Charges to be made by the different Departments.

The Quarter Mailer General mult absolutely be re-stricted from charging more for Waggons and Horses than he has actually paid, for which he mutt produce his Vouchers; and he is not to charge the Hire of Horses and Waggons purchased; nor is he to purchase either Horses or Waggons but upon Government Account. If the Necessity of the Service should oblige him to hire Waggons and Horses in the Country, either to attend the Army, or to carry Supplies to the different Polts, he is to pay the Proprietors the full Price allowed by Government for the Hire of such Waggons, for which the Receipts of such Proprietors will be his Vouchers.

The Commissary General is not to charge Government for the compleat Ration delivered to the Soldier, unless such Ration is supplied from the Stores lent from England. Whenever he delivers to them fresh Provisions, he mult only charge to them the real Amount of what he pays for the Cattle, lor which the Receipts of the Inhabitants will be ,his Vouchers: The same Rule must be strictly observed in the Delivery of Flour and Indian Meal.

All Craft, necessary for the Serv ice of the Public Departments, is to be purchased on Government's Account. Whenever it is necessary to hire any, the Receipts of the Proprietors will be the proper Vouchers.

Mr. Cruden, the Commissioner for the fequellered Ffiates, has Directions to l'upply the Public Departments with Negroes, for the Hire of which he will charge them.

Lieutenant Colonel Balfour is desired to make proper VoL. 38.

Regulations for the Barrack Department, and report them to me.

Transmitted to the Commissioners of Publick Accounts, pursuant to their Precept, dated ift March 1782.

Cornwallis.

H* 34-

The Examination of Major General William Royi taken Upon Oath, the 14th of May 1782.

This Examinant faith, That in the Year 1758 he went over to the Allied Army in , in the De-

partments of Engineer and Assistant Quarter Matter General, and continued in those Departments until the End of the War in 1763. No Public Money was impressed or intrusted to him in either of these Departments.

He was employed to erect Stages and Wharfs for the Disembarkation of the British Troops at he

contracted for the Materials, and the Labour; he paid such current and contingentExpences as were necessary, but not as a Public Accountant 5 he certified the Expences to the Commander in Chief, who issued his Warrant for his Reimbursement, to Peter,

Esquire, the then Deputy Paymaster General.

Hewascommissioned, together with Major General Sand ford and Lieutenant Colonel , to couduft the British Troops through Holland in their Way Homes Heafted in the Quarter Matter General's Department, The Price paid for the Quarters of the Troops, and for the necessary Carriages, was settled with the States General, by a Tariff; the Bread and Forage was Rip-plied by particular Contracts, in the usual Way* The Deputy Paymaster General fqpplied the Commanding Officers of Regiments with finall Sums to pay the Quarters, and current Expences; which were discharged every Day, and for which they took Receipts. The Accounts of alh ^he Expences of this March were collected together* and paid, as he believes, by Peter

Seventh Report of Commissioners of Public Accounts*

mo

0 «

19 J.

1782.

Taylor, Esquire, who Was Tent to Holland for that Purpose. The Number of thefeTroops was about Twenty thousand. From the Time they entered to the Time they left the Territories of the States General, was about Thirty Days; and the total Expence under Thirty thousand Pounds.

He understands and believes, that all the Expences incurred in the Departments of the Quarter Mailer General and Engineer, by the Troops, during the War in Germany, were defrayed in the fameManner, by the Warrants of the Commander in Chief upon the Deputy Paymasters General, pursuant to the Certificates of those Officers; who never, that he knows of, received any Public Money on Account, but were considered as a Check and Controul, to see that the Articles supplied were good of their Kind, adequate to the Services they were intended for, and that there was no Walie.

Will. Roy.

T. Anguish,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

N# 35-

(Copy.)

Halifax, 6th September 1777.

Sir,

Captain William Hand field, Assistant Deputy Quarter Mailer General to His Majesty's Forces in North America, having represented to me that he is in Want of Money to carry on the Business of the Deputy Quarter Mailer General's Department;

You are hereby directed and required to pay him the Sum of Four thousand Five hundred Pounds Sterling, Dollars at Four Shillings and Eight Pence; which Sum is to be hereafter accounted for by Brigadier General Sir William Erskine, Quarter Masser General, &c. when a regular Warrant will be granted for the fame, this Order taken up and cancelled: In the mean Time this, with the Acquittance of the said Captain William Handfield, or his Assign, /halt be your sufficient Warrant and Authority for so doing.

I am Sir,

Your most humble Servant, Eyre

Major General America only.

To George Turner, Esquire, deputy Paymaster General.

Received the within, by an Order on William Smiths Esquire.

Wm Handfield, Afs* D. Qr Mr Gen1.

the Commander in Chief. He charges himself with Two Kinds of Receipts: ift. With Sinus received Iron* the Deputy Paymaster General of the Forges. Abroad, by virtue of Warrants from the Commanders in Chief; which Sums are checked by a Certificate from the Office of the Paymaster General: And zdlv. With Sums that come to his Hands by other Means; this is called his Voluntary Charge.

The Vouchers are examined by the Clerks. If a Voucher contains a certain Sum received, the Signature of a Person receiving, and a just Computation; and agrees with the Abfiraft; the Voucher is deemed a fair one, and admitted.

These are the only Circumstances relative to the Vouchers that can, as he apprehends, be examined in this Office; for the Truth of the Voucher the Reliance must be upon the Oath of the Accountant. After the Vouchers are examined, and noObjection to them arises, or the Objections are answered, a State of the Account is drawn out, directed to the Lords of the Treasury; in which the Accountant craves to be allowed the Money paid by him or his Agents, lor Services specified, by virtue of Warrants of the Commanders in Chief, and also the Official Fees for passing his Accounts.

An Abstract of the State of the Account is drawn out, and sworn to by the Accountant before One of the Barons of the Exchequer; which Abllra6t remains with the Vouchers in the Office. The State is then presented by the Deputy Auditor to the Lords Coro-missioners of the Treasury, for their Approbation and Allowance; if appreved and allowed, the State is returned to the Office, with His Majesty's Warrant allowing the fame, anddirecting the Auditor to prepare, and present for Declaration, the Account conformably to the State. The Account is then ingrossed upon Parchment, and upon Paper; both are presented to the Chancellor of the Exchequer for Declaration; aresigned by him, and afterwards by Two other Lords of the Treasury: That on Paper is kept in the Office of the Auditor; that on Parchment goes through the Offices of the King's Remembrancer, and the Treasurer's Remembrancer, to the Pipe Office (from whence the Quietus issues) and where it remains.

Every Person who receives Public Money upon Account, is subject to render an Account, in the Office of the Auditor, in what Manner he has disposed of that Money; hence, where the same Sum pafi'es through the Hands of different Persons, each Person ma y be subject to give an Account of the Money he has received.

T. Anguish,

A- Piggott,

Geo. Drummond.

This is Receipt.

Pay Office, 18th May 1 j8x. a true Copy of the Original Warrant and

Cha‘ Bembridge, Accountant.

N# 36,

The Examination of Charles Harris, Esquire; taken upon Oath, the 29th April 1782.

This Examinant faith, That he is a Deputy to Lor^ Mountjluart, One of the Auditors of the Imprest.

When an Officer intends to pass his Accounts in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest, of Money expended by him for the Extraordinary Services of the Army Abroad, be either does orlhould deliver into the Office a dated Account of his Receipts and Payments, with his Vouchers, and Abstracts of his Payments, annexed to the Copies of the Final'Warrants granted by

N* 37-

GEORGE R.

George the Third, by the Grace of God, King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, and so forth. To all to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting: Whereas We were graciously pleased, by Our Commission, bearing Date the ill Day of February 1 yjy, tocouiUtuteandapf)ointDanie/Chamier, Esquire, to be a Commissary attending our Army ii» North America, and more particularly to examine, audit, and certify, all Accounts what foe ver of Money due for Forage, Bread, and Provisions, furnished by Contract, or otherwise, and delivered for the Use of the said Army, and for the Hospitals thereof, and for all other Extrordinary Services of our said Army: And whereas the said Daniel Chamieris since Dead: Now know ye, That We, confiding in the Prudence, Skill, and

Integrity

22 Geo. III.

ip° Jm

1141

Integrity of Oitftrusty and ^ell-beloved Major Drummond, have named, constituted, and appointed, and do by these Presents, name, constitute.and appoint, him, the said Duncan Drummond to be a Commissary attending Onr Army in North America, now under the Command of Our trusty and well-beloved Sir Henry Clinton, Knight of the Bath, in the room of the said Daniel Chinnier, and more particularly to examine, audit, and certify, all Accounts whatsoever of Money due for Forage, Bread, and Provisions, furnidjed by Contrail, or otherwise, and delivered for the Use of Our said Army, and for the Hospitals thereof, and for all other Extraordinary Services of Our said Army: To hold and execute the said Office unto him the said Duncan Drummond during Our Pleasure, and according to such Orders, Rules, and Directions, and subject and liable to such Limitations, Restrictions, and Controul, as shall from Time to Time be given unto him, and appointed by Us, or by or from the Commissioners of Our Treasury for the Time being; to whom We do hereby strictly charge and command the said Duncan Drummond to be obedient in all Things concerning the said Office, and the Execution thereof: And for the Encouragement of the said Duncan Drummond well, duly, and diligently, to intend, execute, and perform the said Office, and the Trull hereby reposed in him, and in Reward for his Labour, Pains, and Care therein. We do give, grant, and allow unto him the Sum of Three Pounds by the Day, to commence and be paid from the Day of the Date hereof, for and during the Time of his executing the said Office, or until Directions to the contrary shall be given by Us, or by the Commissioners of Our Treasury for the Time being. 'Given at Our Court at St. James's,the 15th Day of February 1779, in the 19th Year of Our Reign.

By His Majesty's Command,

A true Copy. . North,

John Martin Leake. C. Cornwall,

Treasury Chambers, Westcote.

Z7U1 February 1782.

N* 38.

Treasury Chambers, 17th 06lober 1781.

Treasury Chambers; 17th 1781 < Seventh

Report of

Sir, Commission-

I am commanded by the Lords Commissioners of His ers of Publk Majesty'sTreasury to transmit to you, for your Infor- Aceaun,*'‘ mat ion, the enclosed Copy of a Letter written by their Lordships Orders to Mr. Wier, Commissary to the Army in America, respecting his accounting for Cattle,

Provisions, and Moveables, taken from the Enemy} and I am to signify to you, that their Lordships desire your best Attention to this Business.

' I am,

A true Copy. John Robinson.

John Martin Leake.

Treasury Chambers,

28th February 1782.

Major Duncan Drummond.

Treasury Chambers, 17th *781.

Sir,

Sir Henry Clinton having, by his Letter of 7th July last, informed the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, that you had reported to him that considerable Quantities of Cattle have been at different Times taken from the Enemy and issued to the Troops, for which constant Credit was given to the Public in your Accounts; I am commanded by their Lordships to desire you will state particularly to this Board, to Sir Henry Clinton, and to Major Drummond, Commissary of Accounts, in what Manner the Cattle, Provisions, and Moveables taken from the Enemy have been brought to Account, and what Savings have been made by you, and all the other Comm iffaries, to the Public thereby, in the Issues of Salt Provisions to the Troops, or otherwise 3' and I am to desire that you will transmit to this Board, and layffiefore Sir Henry Clinton and Major Drummond, Copies of Tueb Accounts

with all Expedition.

I am, SCc.

A true Copy. John Robinson',

John Martin Leake.

Treasury Chambers* -a8th February 178a.

Sir,

Having laid before the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury your Letter of the 26th of July last, stating that you are using every Means in your Power to curtail all improper Charges, and prevent urmeCef-' fary Expences incurred by the Army; I am commanded by their Lordships to signify to you their Approbation of your Attention therein; and that your Examination ' of the Public Accounts is' not limited td those only subsequent to the Date of your Costuniflion,' but' extends to all; the Accounts of this War. And I am to" recommend to you to pursue this Business with great Attention, Care, and Assiduity; and in such Manner as shall appear to Sir Henry Clinton and to you to be most beneficial to the Public.

I am;

A true Copy. Jn* Robinson.

John Martin Leake.

Treasury Chambers,

281I1 February 1782. ! -; Major Dutic" Drummond.

Daniel Wier, Esquire.

N° 39.

t An Account of the Yearly Average Number of His Majesty's Forces, serving at Neio York and ills Dependencies, from the 1 ft ot January 1776

to the 31st December 1780. Extracted from J the;Returns receivedfrom the War-Office.

British, German, and provincial Troops.

Anno 1776 " 20,863

17 77 1778

- -

- - 86>654

.1

1779 - - 35>OI9

1780 - - . - 34>444;

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be , printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Account, he. of 5 per Cent. Duty on Customs.

The House being informed. That Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to* the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account and Estimate of the Net Produce of the Duties of Customs that are charged with the additional Duty of £. 5 per Cent, on the Produce of those Vox.. 38.

Duties, per Act of the 19th of His present Majesty; distinguishing the Amount of each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account and Estimate was read.

The said Account and Estimate is as followeth, viz.

13 D An

1112

190 J

A1782*

Meeting of (Jommil-fioners under certain Acts.

Stanhope Street, &c. Improvement

Am ACCOUNT and ESTIMATE of the Net Produce of the Duties of Custoras, that are charged with the additional Duty of £. 5 per Cent, on the Produce of those Duties, per Act the 19th of His present Majesty j distinguishing the Amount of each Year.

YEARS. 9 Net Produce; £ S t*r Cent.

1779 1780 - - - 1781 ----- ----- *»989»97* 1 3 2,716,709 10 — 2,748,317 99,498 It — f *35,835 9 6 *37.4*5 17 —

7*434,997 11 3 372,749 17 6f

Custom House, London,

1 8th June 1782. Jofa Powell,

for the Compt. Gen1.

Ordered, That the said Account and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Times appointed for the Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts of, this.Sessiori of Parliament: And that Mr. Ord and Mr. Strachey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ambler reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill to enable the Most Noble Henry Duke of New-, cafile, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, to open a Street from the Strand, at or near the East End of the New Church, to the South End of Stanhope Street, in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and to make a more commodious Communication between the North End of Stanhope Street aforesaid and Wylde Street, in the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Legh Hojkins Master, Clerk, on the Behalf ofliimself and of Legit Master, Esquire, his Father, now in South Carolina, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition^ and had heard the Petitioner, by his Agent, and bad. heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and thrit the'Comm'iftee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that Hie Committee had gorse through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed hint to repott to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and theri-a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, That the Street shall be set out within a limited Time.

And life-laid Clause was Twice read,'and, upon the Question put thereupon;agreed toby the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

t6 - '';

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the important Committee of the whole House, to whom it was refer- of Drug*. red to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the lessening the " Duty upon Tin and Pewter exported, and granting " an Equivalent for the fame, by a Duty upon Drugs," as relates to the Importation of Drugs from th Netherlands, or Germany, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That the Importation of Drugs, the Product of Hun-, gary or Germany, be permitted from the Aufirian Netherlands, or any Port in Germany, upon Payment of the Single Duty.

! Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Importation of Hungary or German Wines, and Organ/ined [Thrown Silk, be permitted from the Austrian . Netherlands, or any Part of Germany, into QrcqJ JSritain.

v Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the'Importation of Timber, arid other Goods, be ' permitted from any Part of Europe in Ships being the

Property of Subjects under the same Sovereign as the Country of which the Goods are the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Ord and Mr. Strachey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Hi ;bfand Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King DrsU George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more " effectual disarming the Highlands in , and

"for more effectually securing the Peace of the said " Highlands, and for restraining the Use of the I lighlandDrefs; and for further indemnifying such Per- fons as have acted in Defence of His Majesty \s Person and Government during the unnatural Rebellion;

" and

ports of cnnaif-iere of

blic

:couotk

22 Geo. III. 190 Junii.

1113

and for indemnifying the Judges and other Officers of the Court of Justiciary in , for not performing the Northern Circuit in il One thousand " Seven hundred ami Forty-six; and for obliging the " diallers and Teachers of private Schools in Scotland,

and Chaplains, Tutors, and Governors of Children or Youth, to take the Oaths to His Majesty, His " Heirs and Successors, an<l to register t he fame," as restrains the Use of the Highland Dress, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itftdf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Frederick Montagu, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Reports, which have been presented to this House in the last and this pres nt Session of Parliament, from the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That several Regulations ought to be adopted in the Manner of collecting and receiving the Duties arising from the Land 'Fax, and on Houses and Windows, and in the Payment of the said Duties into the Exchequer.

Rtjblved, That is the Opinion of this Committee, That it would be beneficial to the Public, and be attended with no Inconvenience in the Execution of the Duty of the Offices, if the several Offices, commonly called The Stamp Office, The Salt Office, The Hawkers and Pedlars Office, The Hackney Coach Office, and The Tax Office, were consolidated, and put under the Management of One, or at moll Two, Boards of Commissioners.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That there have usually been very considerable Balances of the Money belonging to the Public in the Hands of the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Land Forces; and this Committee are of Opinion, That it would be more for the Public Interest if the said Office was to be paid by a fixed and permanent Salary, in lieu of all Fees and Perquisites, and that feme Regulations ought to be adopted for the Purpose of lessening and keeping down the Balances of Money usually in the Hands of the Paymaster of the said Office.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Profits of the Office of Cashier of the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Land Forces, arising from Salary, Fees, and Gratuities, have of late been excessive; and that it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Offices of Cashier, of Accountant, Ledger Keeper, and the other Clerks in the said Office, ought to be paid by a fixed and permanent Salary, in lieu of all Fees, Gratuities, and other Perquisites whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That some Regulations ought to be adopted for the Purpose of lessening and keeping down the Balances of Public Money, which appear to have usually been in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Navy; and that it would be beneficial to the Public, if the first and other Clerks in the different Branches belonging to the said Office were paid by fixed and permanent Salaries, in lieu of all Fees, Gratuities, and other Perquisites whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That from henceforward the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces, and the Treasurer of the Navy,

Vol. 38.

for the Time being, shall not apply any Sum or Sums of Money imprefied to them, or either of them, to any Purpose of Advantage or Interest to themselves, either direfitly or indirectly.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Income and Emoluments arising from the several Offices of Auditor of the Exchequer, Clerk of the Pells, Tellers of the Exohequer, and Utlier of the Exchequer, have, from the late enormous Issues of Public Money, become unreasonable and excessive, and that the same require some Regulation in future.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Offices of Usher of the Exchequer, and of the Chamberlains, and Tally Cutter, are useless and unnecessary, and ought to be abolished after the Decease of the Person or Persons who now have a present or reversionary Interest in the said Offices.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That it is too late in the present Session of Parliament to carry into Effect a well-considered and permanent Regulation in the several Offices mentioned in the foregoingRefo-lutions; but that it will be highly necessary, for the Advantage of the Public, for the Increase of the Revenue, and for the Honour of this House, that, early in the next Session of Parliament, this House should enter upon the Consideration of these Subjects, and should adopt such Measures, in the Reduction or Regulation of thele useless or expensive Offices, as shall appear moil consistent with that Plan of Economy recommended to this House by his Majesty, in His Mef-sage of the 15th Day of April last, and which has been so graciously adopted by His Majesty in the Reform and Regulation of His Majesty's Civil Establishment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That if, during the Recess, and before the Meeting of the next Session of Parliament, any of the said Offices of Auditor of the Exchequer, Clerk of the Pells, Tellers of the Exchequer, Usher, Chamberlain, or Tally Cutter of the Exchequer, should become vacant by Death or otherwise, it will not be expedient or proper for any of His Majesty's Ministers to advise the granting of, or to grant the fame, either in Possession or Reversion, with such Fees and Perquisites as are now: annexed to the said Offices, but with a fixed and permanent Salary, and under certain Conditions, until this House shall again have had an Opportunity of taking the Reform and Regulation of the said Offices into their more serious and deliberate Consideration.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, have, so far as appears from the Reports which they have hitherto made, discharged the Duty intruded to them with great Diligence, Accuracy, and Ability; and if Parliament shall carry into Execution those Plans of Reform and Regulation which are suggested by the Mattercontained in the Reports of the said Commissioners, it cannot but be attended with the most beneficial Consequences to the future Welfare and Prosperity of this Kingdom.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of a proper Compensation to be made to the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

Lord John Cavendi/Ji, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends

to

Supply-

Ireland; repealii&g Art of

Dependency.

Supply Bill; Dufy on Bees Wax.

1114

19* Junii. . 1782.

to the Consideration of this House, the making such Compensation to the said Commissioners as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That the}' doconsider of a proper Compensation to be made to the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, as it flood on the 31st December 1781, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty'sColony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1782, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of l lis Majesty's Province of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1781 to the 24th of June 1782, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Island of Saint John in America, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the ill of January 1782 to the jft of 1783, be

referred the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Salaries of the Officers of West Florida, for the Year ending 24th June 1779, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Colony of and other

incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 17S1 to the 24th of June 1782, which was Yesterday presented to the House, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of his Majesty's Civil List Revenues, pursuant to His Majesty's Orders, to be applied and paid for the Relief and Benefit of sundry American Civil Officers, and others, who have fullered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Government, between the 29th of January 1781 and the 29th of March 1782, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they

had come to several Resolutions; which they haddirested him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the ^-obaero Twelfth Ye&ijof the Reign of King Charles the Second, grown ‘.o intituled, "An Act for prohibiting the planting, set- England, t;. " ting, or sowing of Tobacco in England or might he read.

And the same being read accordingly; ‘

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain the said A ft: And that Lord John Mr. Frederick f Montagu, Mr. Ord, and Mr. Strachey,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Tobacco ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 8^" 14 to consider of permitting the Use and Removal of Tobacco, the Growth of Scotland, into England, under certain Restrictions.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the betterpre-venting Bribery and Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament was again re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " now," in order to add at the End of the Question the Words " upon 1‘ this Day Two Months,"

And the Question being put, that the Word *« now" Hand Part of the Question j The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas. \ J* } Co.

59*

into

Te,ers for«heNoe,g};«"S„.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the First Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time;

And the House being informed, That several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill j

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Prerenring Bribery ii Elections.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign , of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the better securing the Dependency of " the Kingdom of Ireland upon the Crown of Great Britain," was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill wras accordingly read a Second Time.

And no Amendment being proposed to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill he read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Strachey presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for granting an additional Duty upon White or manufactured Bees Wax, imported into Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rtjolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

1S

A Bill to release from under the King's Locks certain F<wc % a Quantities of Foreign Wheat, Peas, and Oats, imported Cara, into the Port of London, and to enable the Proprietors thereof to enter the same for Home Consumption, upon Payment of the low Duties, was, according to Order, read a Secoqd Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committedj

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J 7.

Tellers for the Noes.J |'r ^‘jZti Halbard: } 6‘

And it appearing upon the Report of the DivisiaH^fgr* the Tellers, that Forty Members were not it being then after Four of the Clock; ,i.

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker {wsUbfipt a Question first put) till Tomorrow MoftiiwgT Ten of the Clock. . ' ni.L

22 Geo. III

Ways and Means.

Stanhope Street, &c. Improve* merit.

Norwood

inclosure*

Milton

Bryant

Inciolure.

20 Junii. 1115

Jovis, 20° die Junii;

Anno 22® Georgii III*1' Regis, 1782.

Pr AYERS.

JDESO LVE D, That this House will. Tomorrow

Morning, resolveitself into aCommitteeof the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

An ingrotted Bill to enable the Most Noble Henry Duke of Newcastle, his Heirs, Executors, or Adroiniftra-

tors, to open a Street from the , at or near the East

End of the New Church to the South End of Stanhope Street, in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster; and to make a more commodious Communication between the North End of Stanhope Street aforesaid and Wylde Street, in the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title be. An to enable the Most Noble Henry Duke of Neucastle, his Heirs, Executors, or Admin istrators, to open a Street from the Strand, at or near the Ealt End of the New Church, to the South End of Stanhope Street, in the Parish of Sain Clement Danes, within the City and Liberty of WeJb and to make a more commodious Communication between the North End of Stanhope Street aforesaid and in

the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Ambler do carry the BiH to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Elices do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill for confirming a certain Piece of Ground, Part of the Common of Nin the Parish of Batcombe, in the County of Somerset, to the Rector of the said Parish; and for vesting the lame, together with an additional Piece of Ground, other Part of the said Common, in him and his Successors, in lieu of all Right of Common and Tythes belonging to the Rectory of Batcombe, in or within the said Common of Nonooood-, and for confirming all the several other Parts of the said Common to the several Proprietors thereof, discharged of all Right of Common and Tythes belonging to the said Refilory; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Mr. St. Andrew St. John reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Milton Bryant, in the County of Bedford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th April 1774, relative to Bills of I11-closure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the BiH, to the Satis-fefition of the Committee (except Mr. William Cook, and Mrs. Ann Johnson, whose Property in the Lands to be inclosed amounts to 355 Acres, or thereabouts, and who refused to sign the Bill, on account of the Lands being left subjefit to Tythes; and also except the Reverend Mr. Maurice, whose Property confills of Acres, and who refused to sign the Bill, because he thought the Tythes would not be worth so much after the inclosure as they are at present, on account of his Tenants laying down their new Allotments to Grass; and that the whole Property in the Lands intended to

Vol. 38.

be inclosed amounts to 1,380 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) -, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had direfiled him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that there is a Doubt whether the Consent of one of the Parties to the said Bill has been properly taken;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed, for the Purpose of examining into the Manner in which such Consent was taken.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Prisoners confined for Debt in the Marshalsea Prison, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the TaUle.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, Gentlemen, Matters of Ships, Seamen, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Saint Ives, in the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, , That the Petitioners having seen a Bill, which at the Close of the last Session was brought into Parliament, and ordered to be printed, more effefilually to Supply with Seamen his Majesty's Ships of War, when Occasion shall require, and to enepurage Men, under certain Regulations and Bounties, voluntarily to engage themselves for that Service whenever they shall be duly called for, apprehend that if the same was patted into a Law, it would very much tend to improve the Commerce of the British Empire, to preserve and make happier the Lives of Seamen, and to furnish a more speedy, effefitual, and less expensive Method, of Manning His Majesty's Fleets than any other hitherto practised: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may be patted into a Law, with such Alterations and Amendmentsas to Parliament shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Times appointed for the Meetings of Commissioners or Trullees for putting in Execution certain Afits of this Session of Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for further continuing an Afit, made in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign " Wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited Time; and "for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen " employed in the Silk Manufafiture," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

ReJ'olved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Afil for inclosing and leafing a Piece of Waste Land, called The Marsh, within the Borough of under Lyme,

in the County of Stafford, and applying the Profit*

13 E thereof

Debtors.

Supplying

Seamen.

Meetings of Commissioners under certain Act*.

Importation of Foreign wrought dilk.

Newc.iftle tinder Lyme inclosure.

i^-

Attendance of Free* holders at Elections.

Importation of Drugs, Scc.

Ireland; repealing Act of Dependency.

Committee on supplying Naval Stores.

111<? 20° j

thereof in Aid of the Poor's Rates of the said Borough; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more easy and convenient Attendance of Freeholders at Elections of Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament.

Mr. Strachey presented to the House, according to Order,a Bill to permit Drugs, the Product of Hungary or Germany, to be imported from Nether-

lands, or any Port of Germany, upon Payment of the Single Duty; to allow the Importation of Hungary or German Wines, and Orgarined Thrown Silk, from the AujtrianNetherlands, or any Part of Germany, into Great Britain; and of Timber and other Goods, from any Part of Europe, in Ships the Property of Subjects under the same Sovereign as the Country of which the Goods are the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the better securing the Dependency " of the Kingdom of Ireland upon the Crown of Great Britain," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Orde do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Minchinreported from the Committee, who were

appointed so enquire in what Manner His Majesty's Navy may be more effectually supplied with Naval Stores; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had enquired accordingly; and had directed him to make a Report thereof, and also to make several Motions, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Your Committee have proceeded to get' the bell Information they could, at this late Period of the Session, of the State of His Majesty's Forests; and find, from the Examination of the Surveyor General of l lis Majesty's Woods and Parks, that for many Years past very little has been done to carry into Execution the several Acts of Parliament made for the Preservation of the Timber in His Majesty\s Forests by Inclosures; and your Committee think, that were such Inclosures properly made and kept up, as those Acts direct, there would, in a few Years, be such a regular and large Supply of Oak, Beech, and Elm Timber, as would make it unnecessary to have Recourse to the Importation of Timber of Foreign Growth, be of efl'ential Benefit to the Navy, and a great Saving to the Public.

Your Committee all'o think, that by a proper Cultivation of those Grounds within the Inclosures so to be made, which are not, from the Nature of the Soil, adapted to the G ro wth of Oak, Beech, or Elm T imber, great Quantities of those Species of Pint's which produce Tar, Pitch, and Masts, might be raised, which may be the Means to refeue this Nation from that State of Dependence in which it now is on Foreign Powers for thele Articles, so absolutely necessary for its Existence as a Naval or Commercial State; and that proper Attention and Encouragement ought to be given to the Growth and Culture of Hemp.

unit- . 1782.

And, in order to enable this House to proceed early in the next Session of Parliament to take such Steps as may be necessary for these delirable Ends, your Committee have directed the Chairman to make the following Motions:

1. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will begracionfly pleased to give Directions, that the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Parks do, with all convenient Speed, cause Surveys to be made of all the Standing Timber belonging to the Crown; specifying the Places where such Timber stands, and the Quantity now fit for immediate Use, and the several Sorts.

2. That the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Parks do, early in the next Session of Parliament, lay before this House, an Account of the Number of Acres which have been inclosed for the Preservation of Timber, since the lft Day of January 1772, together with the present State of those Inclosures; and also what Number of Acres in His Majesty's Forests may, in his Opinion, be inclosed and applied to raising Pines.

3. An,d also, That there be laid before this House, at the Beginning of the next Session of Parliament, an Account of the Quantities of Oak, Elm, Beech, and Fir Timber, the Growth of this Kingdom, delivered into His Majesty's several Dock Yards between the ill Day of January 1772 and the 111 Day of January 1782; distingnishing each Sort, and the Year, and the Value: Also, an Account of the Quantities of Oak, Elm, Beech, and Fir Timber, of Foreign Growth, imported into this Kingdom between the ill Day of January 1772 and the ill Day of January 1782; diliinguishing the Places from whence they came, the Sort, the Year, and the Value: And also, an Account of the Value of all such Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, as have been purchased for the Use of His Majesty's Navy between the ill Day of January 177a and the ill Day of January 1782, with the Prices agreed to be given for the fame.

4. And also, That there be laid before this House, at the Beginning of the next Session of Parliament, an Account of the Quantities of Hemp, Sail Cloth, Cordage, Tar, and Pitch, imported into this Kingdom between the lit Da)' of January 1772 and the 1 It Day of January 1782.

And Mr- Minchin moved the Iloufe accordingly.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will begracioutly pleased to give Directions, that the Surveyor General of 11 is Majesty's Woods and Parks do, with all convenient Speed, cause Surveys to be made of all the Standing Timber belonging to the Crown, specifying the Places where such Timber Hands, and the Quantity now fit for immediate Use, and the several Sorts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of llis Majesty's Molt honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Parks do prepare, in order that it may be laid before this House early in the next Session of Parliament, an Account of the Number of Acres which have been inclosed for the Preservation of Timber since the ill Day of January 1 772, together with the present State of those Inclosures; and also, what Number of Acres in His Majesty's Forests may, in his Opinion, be inclosed, and applied to raising Pines.

Ordered, That there he prepared, in order to be laid before this House at the Beginning of the next Session of Parliament, an Account of the Quantities of Oak, Elm, Beech, and Fir Timber, the Growth of this Kingdom, delivered into His Majesty's several Dock Yards, between the ill Day of January 1772 and the ill Day of January 1782; diflingiiifliingeach Sort, and the Year and the Value: Also, an Account of the Quantities of Oak, Elm, Beech, and Fir Timber, of Foreign Growth, imported into this Kingdom between

t

22 Geo. nr.

2O0>«//. i r 17

the id Day of January 1772 and the ill Day of January 1782 distingnifiling the Places from whence they came, the Sort, the Year, and the Value: And also, an Account of the Value of all Inch Malls, Yanis, and Bowsprits, as have been purchased for the Use of His Majesty's Navy between the 1 It Day of January 1772 and the ill Day of January 1782, with the Prices agreed to he given for the lame.

Ordered, That there he prepared, in order to be laid before this House at the Beginning of the next Session of Parliament, an Account of the Quantities of Hemp, Sail Cloth, Cordage, Tar, and Pitch, imported into this Kingdom between the lft Day of 1772 and the ill Day of January 1782.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred toconlider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Kesolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth-, viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nineteen thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to niake Compensation to t he Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and hate, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, for their Diligence, Accuracy, and Ability, in the Execution of the Trull reposed in them by Parliament.

Re/idied, That it is Hie Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceedingTvvo thousand Five hundred and Thirty-six Pounds, be granted to His Majesty,' upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Colony of and

other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 2.phDay of June 1781 to the 24th Day of 1782.

Refilved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand and Twenty-one Pounds Ten Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for maintaining and fnpporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1782.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceedingThree thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Island of Saint John in America, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the ill Day of

January, 1782 to the ift. Day 1783.

Refilved, That it is the Opinion of tins Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Nine hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Colony of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th Day of June 1781 to the 24th Day of 1782.

Refilved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Seven hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of WestFlorida, for the Year ended the 24th Day of June 1779.

Refilved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-three thousand Seven hundred and Four Pounds and Eight Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty'sOrders, between the 29th Day o(January 1781 and the 29th Day of March 1782, to be applied for the Relief and Benefit of fnndry American Civil Officers, and others, who have iiiflered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Government.

Vol. 38.

Refill ed, That it is the Opinion of this Committer,

That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Five hundred thoilfand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards paying oft" and discharging the Debt of the Navy.

The said Resolutioe- being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Highland to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more " effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland, and for " more effectually securing the Peace of the said Highlands, and for restraining the Use of the Highland " Dress j and for further indemnifying such Persons as " have acted in Defence of His Majesty's Person and " Government during the unnatural Rebellion; and for ,s indemnifying the Judges and other Officers of the " Court of Justiciary in Scotland, for not performing K the Northern Circuit in May One thousand Seven " hundred and Forty-six; and for obliging the Mailers " and Teachers of Private Schools in Scotland, and " Chaplains, Tutors, and Governors of Children or " Youth, to take the Oaths to His Majesty, His Heirs " and Successors, and to rCgifter the fame/' as restrains the Use of the Highland Dress, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly *

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert, Elliot took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.Gilbert Elliot reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Bill for granting an additional Duty UponWhite or Suptdy Bill j manufactured Bees Wax imported into Great Britain, Duty on was read a Second Time.. ®ee*

Refilved, That the Bill be committed.

Refilved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refilved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill to release from under the King's Locks certain Quantities of Foreign Wheat, Peas, and Oats, imported into the Port of London, and to enable the Proprietors thereof to enter the same for Home Consumption, upon Payment of the low Duties, be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas ^l0 rP*

1 ellers for the I eas, p George.

ry- r vr fSir Edward A/Uey, Tellers for the Noes.^ Caie of.

So it passed in the Negative.

29.

32.

Foreign

Corn.

Mr. Byng presented to the House, according to Preventing Order, a Bill more effectually to prevent the pernicious of Gaming. Practice of Gaming: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refilved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Lord John Cavendish acquainted the House, That he

had

1

I I 18 20° — 2

Messagefrom had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed the King; by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Mem-re u* bers of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, Telying on the experienced Zeal and Affection of His faithful Commons, and considering that, in this critical Conjuncture, Emergencies may arise which may be of the utraoft Importance, and be attended with the most dangerous Consequences, if proper Means' should not be immediately applied to prevent or defeat them, is desirous that this House will enable Him to defray any extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be incurred, on account of Military Services, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, and to take all such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

G. R.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty's said most gracious Message into Con-Cderation.

Tobacco Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

|rown to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, cotan . to consider of permitting the Die and Removal of Tobacco, the Growth of Scotland, into England, under certain Restrictions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

MV. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Refclution; which they had dire, fled him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Civil List Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Debt. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contracted upon His Civil List Revenues, and for preventing the same from being in Arrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil List* be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That His Majesty's most gracious Messages to this House, of the 15th Day of April, and the 2d Day of May last, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the several Sums which were due and unpaid at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Expence of His Majesty's Civil Government, on the 5th Day of April 1782, as near as the same can at present be ascertained, with the Money applicable towards discharging the fame, and the Debt remaining unprovided for, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Abstract of a Plan for relieving His Majesty's Civil List from its present Burthens, and for preventing the Increase of its Debt, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Elzves took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refnmed the Chair.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, That they

61

i° Junii. A. 1782.

had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they pay have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Exportatio* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for encouraging the Exportation of Hops of British Growth to and for Ireland, by Way of Merchandize.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

VeneriS) 21° die Junii j

Anno 220 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 17824

Prayers.

A MESS AGE by Sir Francis Ilolyneux, Gentle- Royal Alfent man Usher of the Black Rod: toaBUJ.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission for declaring His Royal Afient to an Act agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of'

Peers; where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Afient to a Public Bill therein mentioned *, and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Afient to the said Bill; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Ashburton, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Afient to the said Bill: Which Bill is as followeth; viz.

An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the better securing the Depeu-<c dency of the Kingdom of Ireland upon the Crown of (t Great Britain."

The Earl Ludlow reported to the House, That their Anfoert# Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would he gra- A<i(lrc^ ciouflypleased to give Directions that the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Parks do, with all convenient Speed, cause Surveys to be made of all the Standing Timber belonging to the Crown, specifying the Places where such Timber (lands, and the Quantity now fit for immediate Use, and the several Sorts) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Sir Herbert Mackioorth reported from the Committee, Supplying to whom the Bill more effectually to Supply with Sea- eamc, K men His Majesty's Ships of War, when Occasion shall require, and to encourage Men under certain Regulations

J

Ighland

Drcfi.

kfeeetings of ^OfCDltbOn-niuKieT cer-am Acts.

djouro-

ZDent.

Kcwcastle i»drr Lvmc Indot arc.

22 Geo. III.

210 Jukiu

\ i ip

tions and Bounties, voluntarily to engage lliemselves for that Service whenever they shall be duly called forth, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the BiH, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Heport in his Plage; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill to repeal f<r much of an Act,- made-in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his hate Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland, " and for more effectually securrng the Peace of the said " Highlands, and for retraining the Use of the Highland Dress; and for further indemnifying such Per-t foil's as have acted-m Defence of His Majesty's Person " and Government during the unnatural Rebellion; a and for indemnifying the Judges and other Officers of the Court of Judiciary in , for not performing the Northern Circuit in One thousand " Seven hundred and Forty-six; and for obliging the " Masters and Teachers of private Schools in Scotland, " and Chaplains, Tutors, and Governors of Children or " Youth, to take the Oaths to His Majesty, His Heirs " and Successors, and to regider the fame," as retrains the Use of the Highland Dress, was read tUs Thif4. Time.

Refolied, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of King George the Second, for the more effectually difafmirtg tli€f Highlands i and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, as re-stratns the Use of the Highland Dress.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Graham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Press 6. 1. 35.

1. idt.

1.

J.

1.

Prese 8.1.

After " a " leave otit " Commisfioner," and insert "Trustee." After " said " leave out " Commissioners, " and insert " Truf-. " tees."

Brels 7. I. 9. After " a " leave out " Commissioner " and Insert " Trustee." After " the " insert " Parish and." After " said " iufert" Parish and." After " said " insert " Parish and." After " exceeding " leave out " Two hundred," and insert " Twenty-one."

Leave out from " Rents" to the End of line 15, .

After "exceeding " leave out "Two " hundred," and insert " Twen-7ty^one.".

Leave out jfrqm " Law" to " provided," in Press 10. line 12. After " said" insert " Parish and." Leave out " last mentioned."

After " said " insert " Parish and." Leave out M Commissioners," and insert " Trustees."

After "said " insert "Parish and."

and

1.

*5* 3i. nd >

2.J

3f

1.

nn-

Press 9. 1. 6.

Press 10.1. qo.

1. 31. Press 11. 1. 17. Press 14. 1. 33.

" the " insert

( 'A Bill for enlarging the Times appointed for the Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rejitlved, That the Bill be committed toa Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing and leafing a Piece of Waste Land, called The Marsh, within the Borough of New-cfljllc under Lyme, in the County of , and apply-

ing the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poor's Rates of the said Borough.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Press 1. I 20. After " said'' insert " Parish and." After " Inhabitants" leave out " of,", and insert " and Owners " and Occupiers of Land in," and in line 38, after " said" insert " Parish and."

I. 12. Fill up the Blank with " ."

1. 20. After " said" insert " Parish and." Alter " said" insert " Parish and." After " said" insert " Parish and." After " said"insert " Parish and." After " said" insert " Parish and."

1.1 20,

1 37 and

38.

o.

Press

Press

1. I. 1. 1.

VOL. 38.

Press

Press

4-

6.

34-

11.

4-

7-

Press 15. I. 4

In the Title of the Bill.

1. 2. After the Second " Parish and."

- _ — -]. j. After " said " insert " Parish and."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lbrds; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Importation to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, o{ Foreign upon the Bill for further continuing an Act, made in brought the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreignwrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited Time, and " for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen " employed in the Silk Manufacture," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Preventiitg of Reading of the Bill more effectually to prevent the per- Gaming, nicious Practice of Gaming, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Lord John Cavendish presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command; .

An Account of the Money fiopt by the Honourable Account of Frederick Vane, Deputy Treasurer of the Royal Hospital Chelsea

at Chelsea, from 24th December 1773 to the 24th of De- St0PPaSes-cember 1780: And also,

A Paper, int ituled, " State of the Application of the Sum voted " Sum voted for Eighty Independent Companies, for for Indepenthe Year 1781." Coak~

And the Titles of the said Account and Paper were ^l0,es‘ read.

The said Account and Paper are as followeth; viz.

»3 F

As

I 120

2i° J

A. 1782

A* ACCOUNT of the Money stopt by the honourable Frederick Vane, Deputy Treasurer of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, from 24th December 1773 to the 24th of 1780.

Balance of the Deduction of 12 in the Pound, The 24th of December 1773 The 24th of December 1774 The 24th of December 1775 The 24th of December 1776 The 24th of December 1777 The 24th of December 1778 The 24th of December 1779 The 24th of December 1780

Pay-Office,

21 June 1782.

Edm. Burke.

£. s. d.

18 9 11J

- 4,116 12 — |

3,957 — 5i

3*393 M

3,295 14 2J

- . 3,*50 2

3,16,2 10 3J

- 2,450 18 8i

£ - *3,645 2 7

t

'I

ST ATE of the Application of the Sum voted for Eighty Independent Companies, for the Year 1781:

Charge by Estimate for 275 Days. Savings.

40 British Companies - - - - £.59,491 13 4 - - 40,881 11 10

40 IriJkV ..... $8,n6 13 4 - - 3^53 4 4

Total Charge 107,608 6 8 - - 72,734 16 2

Savings - 72,734 16 2

Applied for Independent Companies 34,873 10 6

N. B. Of the above Saving of £7^734 16 2

8,806 ,13 8 is to be applied in Aid of the Charge of Rowley's and Regiments,

into which 18 of these Companies were incorporated.

L- 63,928 2 6 Actual Savings on the 80 Companies for the Service of the Year 1781.

War-Office,

2t June 1782.

1 T. Town/haid.

Tobacco frown in Scodaod.

Ordered, That the said Account and Paper be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is re-ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of permitting the Use and Removal of Tobacco, the Growth of Scotland, into England, under certain Restrictions, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered

J7

in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Use and Removal of Tobacco, the Growth of Scotland, into England, be permitted under certain Restrictions, for a limited Time.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to explain an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reigrii

of

t

1121

22 Geo. III. 2i°

Qf Kin" Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for " prohibiting the planting, fitting, or sowing of Tobanco in England or That they do make

iVovj(iot) in the said Bill, pm'suant to the said UeftK lution.

IVays Ordered, Thai the Order of the Day, for the lionfe

Meai *. to refuive itself into a Committee of the whole Ido life, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing thp Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of such Monies as remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, subject to the Dispo-. lilion of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account and Estimate of the Net Produce of the Duties of Customs that are charged with the additional Duty of £.$ per Cent, on the produce of those Duties, pAft of the 19th of His present Majesty* distingusthing the Amount of each Vear, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account fir the Year ending (he 5th July 1781, of the Gross Amounts of the Duties charged with the per Cent. Duties by thajAfts.

of tho tqtii, Qoth, and, 21st of George the Third, dieting.iftjing fuel) as are charged with 10 pen . from those charged oiity with a Duty of §per Cent^ be, referred to the said Committee.

Then the House refoived itself into the said Committee. . - , -

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord look the Chair of the Committee.

Mr Speaker refutned the Qhair.

' Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they

bad come to several Iiefohitions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

e King'* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ®‘S5 to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

te of ' to take into Consideration His Majesty's most Gracious :dk. Message of Yesterday lie now read.

And the said Order being read, accordingly;

Ordered, That H is Majesty's said n oli Gracious Message, be referred to the said Coin mi i lee.

Then the House refoived itself into the said Cora-, mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they "had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and

Mr. Pcpys:

Mr. Speaker,

(Tapping The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Street*. for explaining and amending Two Acts, one made in the Eleventh, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of His firefent Majesty, for paving certain Streets in the Pari (lies of Saint John of and Saint George,

in the County of Middldr, and for other Purposes; and for extending the Premiums of the said Acts to other Parts of the said Parishes, and also for opening certain Communications within the said Parish of Saint George-, without any Amendment: And also,

Portman The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Square Act for the Improvement of Portman Square, within iprovement the Parish of Saint Min the County of Middlesex; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Vol. 38.

Juniu

for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and CommonublePlaces, within the Lordship or Liberty of Sandiacre, in the County of Dfrby; with, some Amendments: to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, Tljat the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Rill for granting an additional Duty upon white or manufactured Bees Wax imported into Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House refoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.' Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

1 Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

% \r., Ordreported fron.1 the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Ameud-pieats, thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the IlouCe will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill more effectually to prevent His Majesty s Enemies from beipg supplied with Ships or Vessels from Great Britain-. And that Mr. Brett, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. John

Townshend, the Lord Dunqannon, and Mr. Stephens, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

A Bill to permH Drugs, the Product of ffungarij ot Germany, la be imported from the Austrian Netherlands, or any Port of Germany, upon Payment of the Single Duty; to allow the Importation of Hungary or

German Wines, and Organzined Thrown Sjlk, from thq Austrian Netherlands, or any Part of Germany, into Great Britain-, and of Timber, and other Goods, from any Part of Europe, in Ships, the Property of Subjects under the same Sovereign as the Country of which the Goods are the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, w'as read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the faiij Bid.

The House, according to Order, refoived itself into q Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Saxobridge took the Chair of thq Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The other Order of the Day being read-

Refulved, TWdt this House will, upon this Day Month, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more epfy and convenient Attendance of Freeholders at Electiaqs of Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Sandiacre

Inclosure.

Supply Bill; Duly on Bees Wax.

Preventing Ships being supplied to Enemies.

Importation of ©rugs,&c.

Preventing Bribery in Elections.

Attendance

of Freeholders at Elections*

1122

Milton

Bryant

Incioture.

Raflcelf

Inclosure.

Preventing

Ships being supplievl to Enemies.

24* Junii. 1782.

Lun<z> 2 40 die 'Junii;

Anno 22° Georgii III11' Regis, 1782.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for' the better Regulation of the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces: And that Mr. , Colonel Barre, Lord John Mr. Attorney

General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Praveb s.

MR. St. Andrew St.John reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Milton Bryant, in the County of Bedford, was re-committed for the Purpose of examining into the Manner in which the Consent of one of the Parties to the said Bill had been taken; That the Committee had examined Mr. John Foakes and Mr. John Rotherham, by whose Evidence it appeared, that Richard Lane, (landing in the Property Lilt as foie Proprietor of log Acres and 3 Roods, was applied to for his Consent in the Presence of his Brother Robert Lane, who said. Brother Robert, I don't know which of us has the greater Interest in the Ellate, as you know we purchased it together; and then asked Robert to sign the Bill, which he (Robert) declined, saying he would advise with his Neighbours; then Richard said, Brother, you may as well sign; he answered. No, I won't.; and Richard said, Then I'll sign for you: Whereupon he did sign for himself and Brother, who was present and did not forbid him; and the Committee further examined Mr. Foakes, Who said, that he Yesterdiay made Application to Robert Lane, to know why he fullered his Brother Richard to sign for him; who replied, that he did object to it, but he knew his Brother's signing would Hand for nothing; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. David Hartley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands, within the Township of Rajkelf, in the Parish of ivold, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. John Townshend presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill more effectually to prevent His Majesty's Enemies from being supplied with Ships or Vessels from Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr.

Jlett:

Mr. Speaker, *

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act F.af>‘n- ~ for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Open and Adc1l:': Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Common Downs, in the Hamlet or Tything of Ea/lington, otherwise Northleach Foreign, in the Manoc-of Eajiington, and Parish of Northleach, in the County of Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Fowfe'i veiling the Estates late in Jointure to Dame 1

Fowler, Widow, in Trustees, to be sold, conveyed, apd settled," pursuant to a Decree of the Court of Exchequer; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this HbufeV And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Eggcn'N: naturalizing Henry Eggers; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And. then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to buing in a Bill- Privily to enable the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces, and the Secretary to the Commander in Chief (j^Tf of H is Majesty's Forces, to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Portage: And that Mr. Secretary at War and General Conway do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunder written, on Behalf of themselves and others belonging to the honourable Band of Gentlemen Pensioners, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contracted upon His Civil List Revenues, and for preventing the same from being in Arrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil List; And setting forth.

That the Petitioners are under the greatest Concern to find it proposed to be enacted by the said Bill, " That all " Commission and other Offices belonging to the Band " of Gentlemen Pensioners under the Captain of the " Band, as also the Vacancies in the Band of Gentle-.

" men Pensioners, should not be fold, but that the " Officers and Private Gentlemen of the Band of Petitioners should be filled only by Officers of the Army " or Navy upon Half Pay;" and alledging, that it has^ been customary for many Years part, to purchase the Office of a Private Gentleman of the Band of Pensioners, and to sell the same '(with the Approbation of the Captain) as Occasion offered; and, in Confidence of being permitted to fell such Office, the Petitioners have been induced to give on an Average One thousand Guineas for the fame; and that the Salary of such Oflice, after Payment of the Land Tax and other Outgoings, seldom producing more than the Net Annual Sum of Seventy-nine Pounds, and the Expence of the necessary Regimental or Uniform Dress of the Petitioners being deducted thereout, reduces the Income to about Seventy-six Pounds ])er Annum; and that many of the Petitioners being Gentlemen of small Fortunes, and having little else to depend on than this Income, and some of them being married, and having Children, will be very much distressed if they should not be permitted to fell their Offices: And therefore submitting their same to the Justice of the House, trusting, that.

On dueConsideration, they shall have such Indemnity

r and

22 Geo. III. 240 Junii.

1123

and Relief in the Premises as to the House 11ml 1 seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Eggers, was read the«First Time. llefolvedy That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates late in Jointure to Dame Sarah Fowler, Widow, in Truiiees, to be sold, conveyed, and settled, pursuant to a Decree of the Court of Exchequer, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Strachey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain an Act, made in the Twelfth England, &c. Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for prohibiting the planting, setting, or fowing of Tobacco in England or Ireland and to permit the Use and Removal of Tobacco, the Growth of Scotland, into England, for a limited Time, under certain Reliriftions: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the BiH be read a Second Time.

Vote of Mr. Orff, according to Order, reported from the Com-

Credit of mjttee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to ' take into Consideration His Majesty's moll Gracious Message of Thursday last, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Million, be granted to His Majesty, on Account, to enable His Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be incurred, on account of Military Services, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, and to take all such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require; and that such Sum be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Ord, Lord John the Lord Allhorpe, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Frederick MontaguJS.lv. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Strachey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ways Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the and Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee haddirested him to report to the House; which he read in his Place , and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty or Impost of Five Pounds per Centum be laid upon the Produce and Amount of the several Subsidies, Imposts, and other Duties, now due and payable to His Majesty, and collected under the Management of the rel'peftive Commissioners of the Culioms in Great Britain; the said additional Duty to be charged and paid upon the said Subsidies, Imposts, and other Duties (except the Impost 1779) and to be 1 repaid or drawn back under the same Rules and Regulations, and in the same Manner and Form, as the addt-Yox.. 38.

Fgre rs's Na

Jat.

Fowler's

Estates.

Tobacco grown in

tional Impost 1779 is now charged, collected, paid, and brawn back.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty or Charge of Five Pounds per Centum be laid upon the Produce and Amount of the several Duties and Revenues under the Management of tin? respective Commissioners of Excise in Britain', the said additional Duty of Five Pounds per Centum to be charged, collected, paid, and drawn back, under the same Rules and Regulations, and in the same Manner and Form, as the present Duties of Excise are now charged, collected, paid, and drawn back.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good the Supply granted, to, His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Ton thousand Two hundred Fifty-one Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eleven Pence, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, subject to the Disposition of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-three thousand Nine hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds Two Shillings and Six Pence, remaining in the Hands of the Paymaster General of the Forces out of the Monies or Savings of the Sums voted by Parliament for defraying the Charge of Eighty Independent Companies of Foot, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, incurred between the 3 iftDay of 1781 and the ill Day of February 1782, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-three thousand Six hundred and Forty-five Pounds Two Shillings and Seven Pence, remaining in the Hands of the Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, being the Amount of the Deduction of Twelve Pence in the Pound from the Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, from the 24th Day of December 1773 to the 24th Day of -ber 1780.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Tluit, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Two Millions Two hundred Eighty-four thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen Pounds Ten Shillings and Eight Pence, out of such Monies as have arisen, or tball or may arise, of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Ord, Lord John Cavendish, the Lord Althorpe, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Strachey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That the Resolution, which upon the 4th Day of March last was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be reaid.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, towards raising the Supply granted " to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Two " hundred thousand Pounds out of the Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the " joth Day of October 1781, for the Disposition of

13 G " Parliament,

Ways and Means-

it 24 'idfjunii.

Parliament, of the Surpluses, Exeefies, Overplus " Monies, and other Revenues composing the Fund " commonly called The Sinking Fund."

The House was all'o moved. That the Rdotation, which upon the 18th Day of April last was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it 'was referred to Consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and Was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by tjte House, read Accordingly; and is as followeth; tix.

a Resolved, That, towards making good the Supply

" granted to his Majesty, there he issued and applied " the Sum of Six hundred and Seventy thousand Seven " lhiudred and Sixty Pounds Eleven Shillings and'Tv^o " Pence Three Farthings, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April fdr "" the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies \Vhtch " had then arisen of the Surplusses, Ex cedes, ftverptas " Monies, fthd otlter Revenues composing the Fund " commonly called The Sinking Fund, after satisfyhrg " all the Charged and Incumbrances tlietAUpon.'* "r The Hoiifls Was also moved, That the R&blutions, which upon the 30th Day of April last were rejjorted from the Committee of the whole House, to w hom1 it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read Accordingly; and are as foil owe th; viz.

" Rejhlvcd, That a Siilm, not exceeding Nine thon-M sand Three hundred Twenty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence, remaining in the Hands *of the " Paymatler General of tire Forces, being the Respited " Pay of sundry Regiments for the Year One thousand " Seven hundred find Seventy-six, be applied 'towards " making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, " towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of " His Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, incurved bet ween the 3ift'Day of Jamal iy 1781 and the " ill Day of Fcbntary 1782, and not provided for bV " Parliament."

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-

" eight thousand Three hundred Forty-six Founds and " Five Shillings, remaining in the Hands of the Paymailer General of the Forces, being the Respited Pay " of sundry Regiments for the Year One thousand " Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, be applied towards " making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, " towards defraying the extraordiuary Expeiiees of His Majesty VLand Forces, and other Services, incurred ,f between the 31st Day of January 1781 and the ill " Day of February 1782, und notprovided for by Parliament

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventeen " thousand Four hundred and Forty-eight Pounds, remaining in the Hands of the Paymaller General of " the Forces, being the Respited Pay of sundry Regiments for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Seventy-eight, be applied towards making good the " Supply granted to his Majesty, towards defraying " the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Land " Forces, and other Services, incurred between the 31 It " Day of January 1781 and the id Day February

" 1 782, and not provided for by Parliament."

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-seven

" thousand Three hundred Pounds, remaining in the " Hands of the Pay mailer General of the Forces, being " the Respited Pay of sundry Regiments for the Year " One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, be " applied towards making good the Supply granted to " His Majesty, towards defraying the extraordinary " Expences of His Majesty \s Land Forces, and other " Services, incurred between the 31st Day of " 1781 and the ill Day of February 1782, and not provided for by Parliament."

Ordered, That it be an Instructiou to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Refutations this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do make Provision in I he laid Bill, or in one of the ‘ laid Bills, pursuant to the ltefotations now read.

Mr. Qrd, according to Order, reported from/ the Dutjo, Committee of the whole House, to, whom the Bill for granting 90 additional Duty upon white or manufactured Rees \y ax imposed into, Gre Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, mid which! they had directed biln to report to the House; and lie read the Report in big Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read througliout; and then a Second Time, One by On$; and, upon the Question teverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Ball, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Mwtwf to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enlarging the rimes appointed (ortlie Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting ia Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House re [Lived ijlelf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left t!ie Chair.

Mr. Ord tooL the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker retained the Chair.

Mr. Oraf, reported from the CommitteeThat they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Pay, for the House Imponatw to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for furthe r continuing an Act, made in the sjjpf1 Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

" An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreignwrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited Time, ami " for preventing unlawful Combinations of W orkmen " employed in the Silk Manufacture," he now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left tin' Chair. /

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker retained the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 01 upon the Bill to permit. Drugs, the Product of Hungary ov Germany, to beiniported from th ujirainNetherlands,

or any Fort of Germany, upon Payment of the Single Duty; to allow the Importation of Hungary or German Wines, and Organzintd Thrown Silk, from the an Netherlands, or any Part of GeGreat Britain; and of Timber, and other Goods, from any Part of Europe, in Ships the Property of Subjects under the same Sovereign as the Country of which the Goods ate the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, be now read.

And

Privilege of

Franking by Commanders

in Cinet.

Idminiftra-ionof Justice n Bengal,&tr.

22 Geo. III. 24 — 25" Jiinii.

1125

And the Paid Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon IFednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the Paid Committee.

Orrfrmf, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen ivbo are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to enable the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces, and (he Secretary to the Commander in Chief of His Majeliv's Forces, to fetid and receive Letters and Packets free from the D:i»v of Portage, That they do make Provision in the fairl Bill, for releasing OiTen-ders frotp the Penalties inflicted by Acts of Parliament made for establishing Lotteries, on certain Conditions.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to t^ke into fun herConsideration, the First Report, which, upoji Tuvfday lad was made from the Sdeft Committee appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal,' Ba-har, and Oriffti, and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House, with their Obferrations thereupon; and who were in dr lifted to consider ho\y the B riiish Possessions in the East Indies may be heid and governed with the greatest Security and Advayiage to this Country, and by what Means the Happiness of the Native I niiabitatits maybe belt promoted.

And the said Report was again read.

The House was moved, ijiat the 6th and 7tho/,the Refutations which, upon the Second Day of May lad, were n'ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the federal Reports which have been made from the Select Committees appointed in the lull and this present Session of Parliament, relating to the State of the Ad-sninifi ration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, har, and Orij/d, was re-committed, and which were then

agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and arc as followeth;

" Ilcfolied,'l'lmt the holding, by any Judge of the " Supreme Court at Fort William in an Office

" grauted by and tenable fit the Pleasure of, the Servants of the East India Company, is against the <c good Purposes and Policy of an Act, made in the " Thirteenth Year of His Majest/s Reign, intituled,

" An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the " better Management of the AlVairs of t he East India " Company, as well in India as in and tends

" to.create a Dependanee in the said Supreme Court " upon tljofe over whose Actions that Court was intended as a Controul."

" Resolved, That all Appointments of Offices of the

" aforesaid Description, to any Judge of the-Supreme Court, ought to be held null and void; and that the Directors of the East India Company should order " the same to be in fact annulled and vacated accordingly."

A Motion, was made, and the Qiteftion -being pro-pol'ed, That Warren Ilujiings, Esquire, Governor General, Edward Wilder, Esquire, one of the Council

General, and Sir Robert Chambers Knight, one of the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature appear to this House to have been concerned, the two first in giving, and the last in receiving, an Office, not agreeable to the true Intent and Meaning of the Act of the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations " for the better Management of the Affairs of the " East India Company, as well in India as in ;"

which unjustifiable Tran taction between them was attended with Circumstances of evil Tendency and Example;

And the previous Questlon being put. That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

Vo 1.. 38.

The Noes went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas. Ojr ?, VW { Mr. liyng:

Tellers for t|ie Noes, 5 ^r*

37-

10.

| Mr. Macdonald.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

dlefolved.That Warren Hajlings, Esquire, Governor

General, Edu ard Wilder, Esquire, one of the Council General, and Sir Robert Chambers, Knight, one of the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature in Bengal, appear to this House to have been concerned, the two first in giving, and the last in receiving, an Office, not agreeable to the-true Intent and Meaning of the Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act forestablrftiing certain Regulations for " the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as; well in India asin Europe f which unjustifiable Transaction between them was attended with Circumftaitees of evil Tendency1 and Example.

Ordered, That -the Order of the Day, for the Houseto resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon a Bill for encouraging the Exportation of flops of British Growth to and for Ireland, by way of Mer-

chhifdize, be now read.; V.

And the said Order being read accordingly; )

Be/blved, That this House will, upon this Day Two Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The- other Order of the Day being read;

The'House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contracted upon His Civil List Revenues; and for preventing the same from <being in Arrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by fitpprelfing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil List.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. took the Chair mf the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the BiH, arid 'made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon day Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, .2 50 die Jutiit;

Anno 22* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1782.

Prayxb s.

AN itigrofled Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Comipons or Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands, within the Township of in the

Parish of Eajingwold, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands, within the Township of Rajkdf, in the Parish of Eafng-toold, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. David H carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An

Exportation of Hops.

Civil List

Debt.

Ratkelf

Inclosure.

ii 26 250 Junii. 1782.

Duty on An ingrossed Bill for granting an additional Duty Bess Wi*. 11pon wh]te or manufactured Bees Wax imported into Great Britain, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting an additional Duty upon white or manufactured Bees Wax imported into Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Meetings of Mr. O/rf, according to Order, reported from the Com-Commission- mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for en-certairf Acts Times appointed for the Meetings of Coin-

missioners or Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the v Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in it the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Importation Mr. Ord' according to Order, reported from the WrouTt"" Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Silks.8 further continuing an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, <c An Act to

prohibit the Importation of Foreign-wrought Silks u and Velvets, for a limited Time, and for preventing

unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in cc the Silk Manufacture," was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Tcfoacco a Bill to explain an Act, made in the Twelfth Year England, Ike Re*&n of King Charles the Second, intituled,

*<c An Act for prohibiting the planting, letting, or fow-

" ing of Tobacco in England or Ireland and to permit the Use and Removal of Tobacco, the Growth of Scotland, into England, for a limited Time, under certain Restrictions, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Panting A Bill more effectually to prevent His Majesty's suppliedTo Enemies from being supplied with Ships or Vessels Enemies. from Great Britain, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Milton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Indofore all<^ Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Pari 111 of Milton Bryant, in the County of Bedford, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and 30

Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish o i' Milton Bryant, in the County of Beef ord.

Ordered, That Mr. St. Andrew St. John do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Strachey presented to the House, according to Supply 3111; Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under Cu*onh' the Management of the respect ive Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen Supply Bill* who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or lnftru^,on» Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon the 12th Comamtce" Day of March and the 23d Day of May iaft, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do makeProvifiou in the said Bill, or in one of the said Bills, for better securing the Duty upon Tea and other Duties of Excise, and also for appointing the Number of Commissioners of Excise who may hear Causes depending before them relative to the Duties on Male Servants,

Mr. Strachey presented to the House, according to Supply Bill; Order, a Bill for repealing the Duties payable for Beer Duties oa J

and Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel exclusive of the Beer-Duties of Excise, and not exceeding Eleven Shillings the »

Barrel exclusive of such Duties, and for granting other j

Duties in lieu thereof; for graining additional Duties 011 Coaches and other Carriages therein mentioned, and also additional Duties on Sope made in Great Britain, and upon the Produce of the said additional Duties on Coaches and on other Carriages; and for the better securing the Duty upon Tea and other Duties of Excise, and also for appointing the Number of Commissioners of Excise who may hear Causes depending before them relative to the Duties on Male Servants: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Strachey presented to the House, according to Supply Bill; Order, a Bill for enablingHis Majesty to raise the Sum for railin' of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes there;n men- >0-0,000. tioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time. j

Refolded, That the Bill be read a.Second Time.

Mr. Strachey presented to the House, according to Supply Bill; Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum sinking of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying fuiKl-certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr.

Hett,

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Flimvpcfl to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Second Year Vent, of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and K0*1, w idening the Road from Flirmcell Vent, in the County of Suffe:r, through Highgate, in the County of Kent, anil the Parishes of Sandhurjt, Newenden, and Northiam, to Rye, in the said County of Suffer, and from Highgate aforesaid to Cooper's Corner, in the said County of Suffer, and to Tubb's Lake, in the said County of Kent, as relates to the Road from Highgate to Tubb's Lake; and for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, with respect to the other Roads therein contained; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Receivers of for the more easy Discovery and effectual Punishment of Stolen

Buyers

j

22 Geo. lit 25°

i 12*7

Buyers and Receivers of Stolen Goods; without any Amendment: And also,

Compelling The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mr.winchiJ for compelling John Whit chill, Esquire, to return into 1 he Kingdom. t*1's Kingdom; and for re draining him, in case of his Return, from going out of this Kingdom for a limited Time; and for discovering his Estate and Ellefts, and preventing the transporting or alienating of the fame; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Most Noble Henry Duke of NeiCcaJUc, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, to open a Street from the Strand, at or near the East End of the New Church to the South End of Stanhope Street, in the Pa-rifli of Saint Clement Danes, within the City and Liberty of West m infer; and to make a more commodious Communication between the North End of Stanhope Street aforesaid and Wylde Street in the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex; without any . Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to &c. ren(jer vajlc| an(j effectual certain Articles of Agreement grecmeatq. between t^e ^jay0r an(j Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Posseflrons, Revenues, and Goods, of the Hospitals of Edward King of England the Sixth, of Christ, Bridezcell, and Saint Thomas the Apostle, and of the Hospitals of Henry the Eighth King of England, called The House of the Poor, in West Smithfield, near London, and of the House and Hospital called Bethelem, and the Presidents, Treasurers, and acting Governors of the said several Hospitals; to, which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew*

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Privilege of Ordered, That Mr. Minchin be added to the Gentle-

Franking by men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill Commander8 enable the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's 10 1C» c* Forces, and the Secretary to the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces, to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage.

Ditto. Mr. Minchin presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces, and the Secretary to the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces, to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage; and for releasing Offenders from the Penalties inflicted by Acts of Parliament made for establishing Lotteries, on certain Conditions: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sandiacre The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Inclosrror Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Lordship or Liberty of Sandiacre, in the County of Derby.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 23. Leave out <c both Great and Small," and insert " of Corn, Grain, Hay,

M Wool, and I-amb/'

1. 28.1 Leave out " also intitled to certain," and > and insert " the Curate of Sandi-29. 3 " acre aforesaid for t he Time being,

" is entitled to the."

1. 35. After " Tithes" insert " and.*

3^* 7 Leave out " and Dues and Pay-and \ ments."

37 J

Pr. 14. L 13. After "ever0 insert "and unto <c and for the Curate of Sandiacre tg aforesaid for the Time being

Vox.. 38.

Stanhope Street, Sc c. improvement.

Chrft's

ci for ever, respectively, in just and kt due Proportion, according to the " respective Rights of the said Pre-u bendary and his Lessee; and of " the said Curate/*

Pi1. 15. I. 13; After _u ever" insert "and unto " and for the Curate of Sandiacre " aforesaid for the Time being u for ever, respectively, in just and " due Proportion, according to the respective Rights of the said Pre-K bendary and his Lessee, and of " the said Curate."

Pr. 16. 1. 8. . Leave put from " inclospres" to " which" in 1. 16.

I. 19. After " Lessee" insert " and the said

" Curate." >

Pr. 19. 1. 36. After " being" insert " or the Curate of Sandiacre aforesaid for the " Time being." -

Pr. 20. I. 1. After " being" insert " or the Cyrate of Sandiacre aforesaid for the " Time being.*' j

Pr. 21. I. 12. Leave out from "such'* to "shall" in line 18, and insert K and to and " for the Curate ;of Sandiacre aforesaid for the Time being respectively."

J. 32.I Leave out " which Mounds and and> " Fences/* and insert " and that 33*3 tC Ibe Lands to be allotted to and

<c for the said Prebendary and his " Lessee as such, shall not be allotted in Jess than Three several Par*

" eels or Allotments, and that the " Mounds and Fences of such " Lands/';

Pr. 22. I. 4. After c* Allotments'* insert " and " that the Mounds and Fences of " the Land to be allotted to the " said Curate, shall be kept in Repair at the Expence of the said " other Proprietors and Persons interested, until the same shall, in the Judgment of the said Commissioners, be complete Fences,

" and afterwards the lame, or such " Part or Parts thereof as the said " Commissioners shall direct, shall " for e.ver be kept in Repair by the ,c Curate of Sandiacre aforesaid for €€ the Time being, or the Occupier " of such Allotment."

1. 22. After " such '* insert " and the said " Curate."

Pr. 31.I. 21. After "such" insert " and the Al-u lotment to be made to the Curate " of Sandiacre aforesaid for the " Time being."

1. 36. After " such" insert " and the said " Curate.*

Pr. 33. I. 33. After " such" insert " and the said " Curate."

And the House being informed, that the Reverend Joseph Pole, Prebendary of the Prebend of Sandiacre, gave his Consent to the Alterations made by the Lords in the said Bill;

The said Amendments were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord* flops.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the* Preventing 13 H whole of G"riu*t

1128

2S^z6° Jftnii. 1782.

whole House, upon the Bill more effectually to prevent the pernicious Practice of Gaming.

'Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Cecil Wray took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Cecil Wray reported from the Committee,-That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendment^ thereunto; whifch they had directed him to report, whe'ndhe House'wiU jjleafd to receive the same.

Ordered, That- the Report be-received Tomorrow Morning.' 1 <

' - . -(s! '"iu

Paymaster General, &c. Balances.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General have Leave to n>ake a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Four of the Clock. i

And he moved the House accordingly, i

And the Question being proposed, That there be forthwith laid before this House, an- Account of the Amount of the Balance in the ‘Hands of the Right honourable Bichard Rigby, late;Paymaster General of

His Majesty's Forees, of the Money imprested to him for the-Public Service, as it (tood on the Day he went out of the said Office;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was -made, and the Question was pro-pofedj That the Debate be1 adjourned till this Day Three Months;

Which Motion for adjourning the Debate was, with Leave of the House; withdrawn.

Then the Firift-mentioned Question being.put;

Ordered, That there be forthwith laid before this House, ad Account of the Amount of the Balance in the-Hands of-thO‘Right honourable Richard Rigby, late Paymaster GeneralOf'His Majesty's Forces, of the Money imprested to bim for the Public Service, as it stood on the Day be wleni out of the said Office.

Ordered, That there be‘forthwith laid before this House, ah Adcount of the Amount of tlpe Balance in the Hands of the Right honourable Ellis, late

Treasurlsr of His MajestyVNavy, of the Money im-prested to him for the Public Service, as it stood on the Day be went out of the said Office.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to direct the Payment into the Exchequer of therespective Balances remaining id the Hands of the1 Right honourable Richard Rigby, late Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, and of the Right honourable Ellis, late

Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, for the Use and Benefit of the Public; and for indemnifying them in respect of such Payments, and against all future Claims relating thereto;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

-r „ f ... CM r. Will 7 c

1 ellers for the \eas,> Mr Qrd fy J rib.

Tellers for the Noes.[^; "2 7-

So it. passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Right honourable Richard Rigby, late Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, do, within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, lay before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Balance of the Public Money imprested to him, as shall then remain in the Hands of the said late Paymaster General.

Ordered, That the Right honourable Welbore EUis, late Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, do, within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, lay before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Balance of the Public Money imprested to him, as shall then remain in the Hands of the said late Treasurer of the Navy.

Resolved, That it will be expedient and proper, early in the next Session of Parliament, to make Provision for the Payment into the Exchequer of the Balances which liia.ll then respectively remain in the Hands of the said

late Paymaster General and Treasurer of the Navy; and for indemnifying the said Paymaster General and Trea-l'urer of 'the Navy in rdlpeSt of such Payments.

And then the ‘House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 26 9 die*funii;

Anqo 22* Georgii III'" Regis, 1782.

1

Praters.

MR* Burke presented to the House, according to Repining ."Order, a Bill for the better Regulation of the Pavmaitr Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second lime.

A Bill fof granting to His Majesty additional Duties SuppkM; upon >the Produce af the federal Duties under the Ma- Bums of nagement of the respective Commissionars *of the Cuf- " om*1 tanas and Excise in 1 Great Britain, was rend a Second Time.

Resolved, That.-thp Bill -beicosnnjitted.

Resolved, That the Hi 11 bee® gamitiad to a Committee of the whole House.

Rafokei, That: this House will, To^mortiow Morning, refolye: itself into a Committee of the whole House, "upon-the Laid Bill.;

A Bill for repealing-the Duties payable for Beer and Supply Bill; Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel exclusive of the Dm- Duticson ties of EKOife,'<a«d not exceeding Eleven Shillings the *"*>*' Barrel exclusive of such Duties, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for granting additional Duties on Coaches and other Carriages therein mentioned, and also additional Duties on-Sope made in Great Britain, and upon the Produce of the said additional Duties on Coaches and on other Carriages; and for the better curing the Duty upon Tegand other Duties of Ex. cife, and also for appointing the Number of Commissioners of Excise who may hear causen depending before them relative to the Dufties on Male Servants, wai read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That, this House will. Tomorrow Morn, ing, resolve itself into a-Comnoittee of the whole House; upon the said Bill.

A Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of supply Bill; One Million, for the Uses and Puepofep therein men- fornifiif tioned, was read a Second Time. OnaMilw

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, To-monrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Supply Bill; Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to enable the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's

oi Geo. III. *6° Junii. 1129

Privilege of jesty's Forces, and the Secretary to the Commander in Franking by C|,{ef of His Majesty 's Forces, to send and receive Let-ai°Chief, til ters and Packets free from the Duty of Portage; and for releafuig Offenders from the Penalties inflicted by Acts of Parliament made for eft ablishing Lotteries, on certain Conditions, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, To morrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Importation The House, according to Order, resolved itself into of Drugs, &c. a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit Drugs, the Product of or to be

imported from the Atifrian Netherlands, or any Port of Germany, upon Payment of the Single Duty; to allow the Importation of Hungary or German Wines, and OrganzinedThrown Silk, from th or any Part of Germany, into Great Britain; and of Timber, and otherdoods, froor-any Part of Europe, in Ships the Property of Subjects under the same Sovereign as the Country of which the Goods are the Growth, Produce, or Manufacturek

Mr. Speaker left the Chrrir.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That? they had gqne through tire Bill, and made several Amend-, meets thereunto: which they had directed him to report, when the Hous: will pleaseto receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

robacco Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ;rown m torfefolve itself info a Committee of the whole House,

> e. Upon (.Q explain an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign offing Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for prohibiting the planting, setting, or fow- ing of Tobacco in England or Ireland," and to permit the Use and Removal of Tobacco, the Growth of Scotland, into England, (or a limited Time, under certain Restrictions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Tiie House resolved itself into the said Committee, .

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refunded the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.-

Imporution An ingrossed Bill for further continuing an Act, made For^gn ^ie ®xth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, inti-

iilks? tuled, " An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign-

" wrought Silks and Velvets for a limited Time, and " for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture," was read the Third Time.

Jiefolved, That the Bill do pafsj And that the Title be, An Act for continuing so much of an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to prohibiting the Importation of Foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Meetings of An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Times appointed -rTumlwcer- ^or ^le Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for ain Act*. putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament, was read the Third Time.

Refdlved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Vol. 38.

be, An Act for enlarging the Times appointed for the First Meetings of Commissioners, or other Persons, for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That M r. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

v

"Mr. Whitbread reported from the Committee, who Committee were appointed to examine into the Conduct of the Commissioners for Victualling His Majesty's Navy, so Navy^ far as relates to supplying the Navy with Corn, Biscuit,‘

Malt, Butter, Cheese, Wine, Beer, and other Liquors, and with Casks, and to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had examined the same accordingly; and had agreed upon a Report, w'hich they had directed him to make to the House; and the read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of she House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

A Petition o (Samuel Petrie, EsquirO, was delivered in Cnddade

at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the late ^,on‘ Election for a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of the

Honourable George Richard St. John and the Petitioner w'ere Candidates; and that the Returning Officer, daring the Course of the said Election, admitted many Persons to poll for the said George Richard St. John who were not duly qualified to vote at the said Election, either according to the Custom and Usage of the said Borough, or according to the Letter find Spirit, true Meaning and Intent, of an Act lately patted, intituled, u An Act for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption " in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for " the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of and further setting forth. That many of the Votes in Favour of the said George Richard of John were procured by divers Acts of Corruption, and of undue Influence of the said George Richard John, and of his

Agents; and that by these and by othel* unlawful Means, the said George Richard St. John has been unduly returned to serve in the present Parliament for the said Borough, although the Petitioner had, as he conceives, a great Majority of the legal and uncorrupted Votes, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the said Borough, and of the Commons of England; and that the Petitioner is informed, that the said George Richard St.John, at the Time of the said Election, was, and at this present Time is, a Minor, beingunder the Age of Twenty-one Years, and of Course was then ineligible, and is at present incapable of fitting and of voting in either House of Parliament; And therefore praying the House to take the Premisesinto Consideration, and to grant unto the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the ift Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were font to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered,

f.

ri30

2 6d — 2 70 Junii. A. 1782.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Person. % Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Preventing of Sir Cecil Wray, according to Order, reported from the

Gaming, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Rill more effectually to prevent the pernicious Practice of Gaming, was committed: the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for limiting the Duration of the Act.

And the said Clause was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; . and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 70 die Junii;

Anno 22° Georgii IIIrtl Regis, 1782.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr, Leeds and Mr. Hett:

Mr. Speaker,

Bill of Pains The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An on^s>eT^lC8 to Prov*^e that, the Proceedings on the Bill, Rumbold&c. now depending in Parliament, for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of Public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Councilors, and Members of iheSeleft Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies, shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Dissolution of the Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

Hanover The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Paving! for better paving, cleansing, and lighting Part of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, and such Part of Old Bond Street as lies within the Parish of Saint James, in the said County; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Preventing Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Enemies,*0 nPon Bilhmore effectually to prevent His Majesty s Enemies from being supplied with Ships or Vessels from Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleaseto receive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Thvil t.ift Mr. Elwes, according to Order, reported from the ®ebt* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contrafted upon His Civil List Revenues, and for preventing the same from being in Arrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by fu pp re fling or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil List, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had 22

Prayers.

A MESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Hett:

Mr. Speaker,

Tile Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lawsrelating for the amending and rendering more effectual the Laws to H"^esot in being relative to Houses of Correction; without any Cor lon' Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act MilitiaFioai. to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of Mis present Majesty, for raising and training the Militia, as relates to , Persons paying the Sum of Ten Pounds being liable to serve again in the Militia at the Expiration of Three Years; and also to oblige Substitutes to make Oath respecting their Place of Settlement; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Highland to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth D«f»* Year of King George the Second, for the more effectually disarmi ng the Highlands in Scotland, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, as rest rains the Use of the Highland Dress; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cotton to prevent the reducing of Artificers or Workmen Manufactun employed in printing Callicoes, Cottons, Muslins, and Linens, or in making or preparing Blocks, Plates, or other Implements, used in that Manufactory, to go to Parts beyond the Seas; and to prohibit the exporting to Foreign Parts of any such Blocks, Plates, or other Implements.; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill* intituled, An Act Shoreditch to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts, through passed in the Eleventh, Twenty-sixth, and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his Majesty King George the 051 s‘ Second, for repairing the Roads from Shoreditch Church through Hackney to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath over Bethnal Green to the Turnpike at MiU End, in the County of Middlesex; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Norwoc for confirming a certain Piece of Ground, Part of the Common of Norwood, in the Parish of Batcombe, in the County of Somerset, to thelleftor of the said Parish; and for veiling the fame, together with an additional Piece of Ground, other Part of the said Common, in him and hia Successors, in lieu of all Right of Common and Tithes belonging to the Rectory of Batcombe, in or within the said Common of Norzcood; and for confirming all the several other Parts of the said Common to

22 Geo. IIL ii$i

, thrr feveml Proprietors thereof, tlifcharged of all Right of Common ami Tithes belonging to the find Rcftpry; without any Amendment: Amt atlfo.

Volunteer The Louis have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cerpt. f(,r ^he Encouragement and Discipliningef such Corps or Companies or Men as shall voluntarily enroll themselves for Defence of their Towns or Coalts, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom, during the present W ar; with fonie Amendments; to which'Amendment's the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House Aptl

also, ' *. '

Appointment The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to efColoniml prevent the granting in future any Office to be exercised Offise*. in any Colony or Plantation now, or at any Time hereafter, belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, foVany longer Term than during such Time as the Granted thereof, or Person appointed thereto, shall discharge the Duty thereof, and behave well therein'; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. T And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the Rift Time. '

strjolveil, That the Bill be read a Second Time., 1

importation Mr. Orel, according to Order, reported from the Com-

of Drags &c. mitteo of the whole House, to whom the Bill to permit Drugs, the Product of Hungary or to be

imported from the Aujlri'an Netherlands, or any Port of Germany, upon Payment of the Single Duty; to allow the Importation of or Wines,

and Organzined Thrown Silk, from *

lands, or any Part of Germany, into Great Britain ;and of Tiinber, and other Goods, from any Part of Europe, in Ships the Property of Subjects under the same Sove* reign as the Country of wttich the Goods are the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by . One; and, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon,

were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the' Bill, with the Amendments, bo ing rolled.

T«b*cc* Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Com-grown in mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain England,<cc. an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Kind Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for prohibiting the planting, setling, or sowing of Tobacco in England or Ireland;" and to permit the Use and Removal of Tobacco, the Growth vof Scotland, into England, for a limited Time, under certain Restrictions, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed Tim to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time. One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrotled.

Supply Bill: The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a

Dime* of Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for grant-CuUomi. j„g His Majesty additional Ditties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Connnidioncis of the Customs and Excisein Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord, took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they Vol. 38.

had gone through thd1 Rill, and made feyftal Amendments. thereunto; which they had directed him to report, wheti tfje Irlbvlfef tvifi‘ please t6 receive tlje, fame. *

Ordered, Thai the Repoxt.be received ^pj-morrow Morning. '; ‘ ' ‘‘ 1

The House, according to Order, resplvgd itself iiyto a Supply BiO^ Committee of the whole House, upop the pjn.for r^-pealing the Duties payable for Beer and Afe above Stjt , . r c‘

Shillings the Barrel pxclusive of the Dufie^ of Excise, hnd not exceeding Pjleven Shillings the- I^rf^exclusivp of fitch Duties, ^nd for gf art ting pthey‘, T^jUes in lieu thereof;, for granting ^ditjons^-.Dutieis^on Coaches and other Carriage? therein mentioned, and also addi^jr onal Duties on Sope made in Great Britain, and upon the Produce of the said additional Duties onCoaches and on other Carriages: 'and for the better securijag the Duty upon Tea and other Duties of Excise* and also for appointing the Number of Commissionerspf Excise who may hear Causes depending before, them relative^ the Duties on Male. . , -. m

Mr. Speaker left the Chair, j.

Mr. Ord toiok the Chair of the Committee. .,

Mr. Speaker'resumed the Chair.: j/

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and mad© several Amend- .....

meats thereunto; which they. had diFefte4 hip to.rCf " ... t >

port,* when the House Will please to receive the same. -Ordered, That the Report.be received Tomorrow Morning. ' .

The House, according to Order, refoTveef itself into a supply Bill, Committee of the whole House, upon* the Bill for for raisiag enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, £.i»oooo,o o#

for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. . " r>

' Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee^ That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him report^ when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Hotife to gupply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Sinking upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Fund. Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for apply ing certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two; 1

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive 'a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the Preventing Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill more Ships being effectually to prevent His Majesty's Enemies from being Applied t* supplied with Ships or Vessels from Great Britain, was ®nena,e*-committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed hitp to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

13 I Amendments,

Fririlege of Franking by Comrotndcrt in Chief.

Preventing

of Gaming.

Importation of Drugs, lcc«

Ordnance

Debentures*

1131 17°Jmii. A. 1782.

.Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time. One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: Ordered', That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into 'a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Commander in Chief, of His Majesty's Forces, and the Secretary to the Commander jn Chief of His Majesty's Forces, to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage; and for releasing Offenders from the Penalties inflicted by Acts of Parliament made for establishing Lotteries, on certain Conditions.

: Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mt. Ord took the Chair of t|ie Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Corpmittee, That they 'had ‘gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to* report, when the House will, pleafi to receive the same.

Ordered That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossW Bill 'more effectually to prevent the pernicious Ptadfce of Gaming, was read the Third

rp» t «‘ *.' ‘

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act more effectually to prevent the pernicious

Practice of (jJaming. -.,r....

Ordered That the Lord Althorpe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defffC. their Concurrence.

A Petition of Thomas Ve Joseph and

Benjamin Roebuck, on Behalf of themi'elves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are at this Time suffering by the Stoppage of certain Drugs from on Account of

their being deemed the Produce ot Germany, which fiave been entered as Growth on Single Duties, which the Officers contend were liable to the Treble Duties, according to an Act of the Eighth and Ninth of William and Mary, and therefore seized the fame; and that a Bill to permit Drugs, the Product of Hungary and Germany, to be imported from the Netherlands, or any Port of Germany, on Payment of the Single Duty, and other Purposes, is now depending before the House: And therefore praying. That a Clause may be inserted in the said Bill, for the Relief of the Petitioners!

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of aCommittee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, Mr. Strachey, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Artificers employed by His Majesty's Board of Ordnance, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Artificers employed by the said Board, being offered to be presented to the House;

Lord John Cavendish, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have been employed by the Board of Ordnance for several Years, and there is now owing to the Petitioners, for Stores delivered, and Work performed, a very large Sum of Money, for which they have received Debentures, issued by the said

.Board; Mid that the Petitioners undertake to exeente the Business of the Board of Ordnance in Expectation of being regularly paid at the End of every Twelve, but certainly not to exceed Fifteen Mbnths; and the Petitioners are now in Possession of Debentures to a very considerable Amount, many of which far exceed that Credit, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners have frequently applied to the Board of Ordnance for Payment, and for shortening the Time of Credit, and have received for Answer, That the Board were perfectly satisfied with the Reasonable-nefe of their Application, but that it was not'in their Power to give them Relief; and that the Debentures issued by the Board of Orduance bear no Interest, and the Time of Payment having of late become very uncertain, they are not negociable, except at a most enormous Discount: And therefore praying the House to take, into Consideration the very great Hurdthips the Petitioners labour under, and that all Debentures issued by the Board of Ordnance in the PosseifioD of the Artificers,. may bear Interest from the Expiration of Twelve Months from the Date thereof, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as the House shall think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for the better Regulation of the Office of fcnluioi Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, was read a ofrayufa Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Bill, now ingrossed, for enabling I lis Majesty to Cira discharge the Debt contracted upon His Civil List Re- DAc. venues, and for preventing the same from being hi Ar-rear for the future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil List, was, according to Order, read the Third Time,

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 15. In the Oath, after the Words " Member of" to insert the Word "either."

And the Question being put. That the Word " either" be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Te..erSfor, heY} «

Tellers for IheNoes, Fre

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contracted upon his Civil List Revenues, and for preventing the same from being in Arrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil List.

Ordered, That Mr. Burke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Volun'm Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Corp. An Act for the Encouragement and Disciplining of such Corps or Companies of Men as thall voluntarily enroll themselves for Defence of their Towns or Coalis, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War.

And

Montagu

41.

n Geo. III.

270 — 2§° Junii.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as fol-loWeth viz.

Pfi 1. I. 17. Leave out from Majesty" to "and"

Vituris, 28® die Junii; :;-

in the 21st Line of the same Press.

Anno 22* Georgii IIItU Regis, ^782! '

J. 26. After " Kingdom" leave out " they," and insert " having Permission so to " do from proper Authority."

1 0 4 X antrA Atif €( *

1. 24. After "Towns" insert " or Counties."

1 A A ftflM Cf V 1 n 1 An 4 C

Praters.

I. 32. Leave out "that they.

THE House being informed that Mr. Bembridge, p

from the Office of the Paymaster General of His General's

Majesty's Forces, attended at the Door; he Was balled Balance*.

I. 33. After " above" insert or during Six in and> at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant " Months, in case such Rebellion or to their Order

" Invasion shall so long continue. ' An Account of the Balance in the Hands of the h 36* After "Troops" iufert " Provided al- Right Honourable Richard Rigby, late Paymaster Geways. That mo Officer or Soldier of neral of His Majesty's Forces, of the Money uhprelted " any Volunteer Corps shall be liable to hjm for the Public Services, as it flood on the Day to be tried or punished by any he went out of the said Office.

" Court Martial at any Time, unless And then he withdrew.

" such Court Martial be com posed . And the Title of the said Account was read.

" entirely of Officers serving in the Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Volunteer Corps, if a Efficient Table, to be perused by the Members of the House:

" Number can be obtained to con- The said Account is preserved amongst the

" stitute such Court Martial." other Papers of this Session.

The First Amendment being read a Second Time;

Aud the Question being put. That the House do An ingrossed Bill to permit Drugs, the Product of importation agree to the said Amendment made by the Lords; Hungary to be imported from the Austrian of Drugs,

It passed in the Negative. Netherlands, or any Port of Germany, upon Payment &c*

The next Amendment being read a Second Time, of the Single Duty; to allow the Importation of was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by gary or German Wines, and Organzined Thrown Silk, the House. from the Austrian Netherlands, or any Part of Germany,

The Third Amendment being read a Second Time; into Great Britain; and of Timber, and other Goods, so much of the said Amendment as proposes after from any Part of Europe, in Ships the Property of

" Kingdom" to leave out " they," was agreed to by Subjects under the same Sovereign as the Country of the House t And the Question being put, That the which the Goods are the Growth, Produce, or ManU-

House do agree with the Lords in so much of the said failure, was read the Third Time.

Amendment as proposes to insert " having Permis- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title " fion so to do from proper Authority," instead thereof; be. An Act to permit Drugs, the Product of Hungary It passed in the Negative. or Germany, to be imported from the Austrian Nether-

The next Amendment being read a Second Time, lands, or any Port of Germany, upon Payment of the

was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Single Duty; to allow the Importation of Hungary or House. _ German Wines, and Organzined Thrown Silk, from the

The Fifth Amendment being read a Second Time; Austrian or any Part of Germany, into

And the Question being put, that the House do Great Britain-, and of Timber, and other Goods, from agree to the said Amendment made by the Lords; any Part of Europe, in Ships the Property of Subjects It passed in the Negative. _ under the same Sovereign as the Country of which the

J he subsequent Amendment being read a Second Goods are the Growth, Produce, or.Manufacture.

Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

to by the House. , Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up Reasons to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, An ingrossed Bill to explain an All, made in the Tobacc? for disagreeing to such of the Amendments made by Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Se- grown in . their Lord ships as this House hath disagreed to cond, intituled, "An Act for prohibiting the planting, England, & c,

And a Committee was appointed of General Conway, ♦« setting, or sowing of Tobacco in Mr. Smith, Mr. Secretary Fox, Mr. Long, Lord John and to permit the Use and Removal of Tobacco, the pavendish, Mr. Onfloio, the Lord Althorpe, Mr. Alder- Growth of Scotland, into England, for a limited Time, man Sau bridge, Mr. Grenmlle, Mr. Secretary at War, under certain Reltriaions, was read the Third Time.

Mr. Frederic Montagu, Mr. Folhill, Mr. Dcmpfler, Mr. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Hopkins, Mr. Burke, Sir Gilbert Elliott, Mr. Attorney be. An Act to explain an Act, made in the Twelfth General, Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, inti-Jiichard Smith, Mr. Strachey, Colonel Barre, Sir Ceciltuled, " An Act for prohibiting the planting, setting, iViray, Sir Richard Hotham, Mr. Byng, Mr. Brett, Mr. *« Qr fowdng of Tobacco in England or Ireland;" and

Strahan, Mr. Elwes, Sir Herbert Mackioorth, Mr. to permit the Use and Removal of Tobacco, the Charles Robinson, Sir James Cockburne, Mr. Baker: Growth of Scotland, into for a limited Time,

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine under certain Reltriaions.

of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Supply Sill 5 Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Duties of for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Customs-Produce of the several Duties under the Management

Ordered, That Mr. Strachey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Customs.

Vol. 38.

of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

ifpeai

Grea

delivered

y

28* Jttnti.

P

delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreCd to by House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be higrossed; _ ‘

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed

A. 178a.

to the Bill, intituled; An

Duty on Bees Wax.

Supply.Sill) ' Miv Orrf, according to Order,

Duties on Committee o^the^vhole House, to

Beer, dec,

reported from the whom the Bill for repealing the Duties payable for Beer and Ale above Six Shillings the Barred, exclusive of the Duties of ijot exceeding Eleven Shillings, the Barrel exclusive of fqch Duties, and for granting other Duties in lieu* thereof; for granting additional Duties on Coaches and other Carriages therein mentioned, apd also additional Duties onSo^p made in Great Britain, and upon the Produce of the said additional Duties on

Act for granting an additional Duty upon white or manufactured Bees Wax imported into Great Britain; without any Amendment.

And then thd Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of Benjamin Latam> Proprietor of New Latam's Tm-Harbour, in the Kingdom of Bengal, was presented to povement of the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Pe-vtitioner has been an Inhabitant of Fort William, in Bengal, since the Year 1761, and has filled several Employments in the East India Company's Service, as well in the Naval as Civil Line; and having observed the Dangers, Difficulties, and Inconveniencies which attended the Navigation of the River Hooghly through the old and accustomed Channel, and the Impediments and Losses which continually occurred, as well to the

Coaches and oii other Carriages; a,nd for the better fe- East India Company, as to Individuals, Merchants, and

curing the Duty upon Tea and other Dyties of Egcife, and also for appointing the Number of Commissioners of Excise who may hear Causes depending before them relative to the Duties on Male Servants, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and jvhicl\. they had directed him to report Jo the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read.throughout; and then a Second time. One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

'were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossech

Supply Bill, Mr, Orel, according to Order, reported from the for railing Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for £.i,oooo,o©o. enab|ing ])is Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, fipr the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time. One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrofibd.

Supply Bill; Sinking Fund.

Vetting Lands for securing Dock Yards.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to veil certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores at Portsmouth and Chatham: And that Mr. Steele, Mr. Thomas Pelham, and ivlr. Kenrick, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Hell:

Mr. Leeds and Mr.

others, trading to and from Bengal, in conducing their Ships and Vessels through the said Channel, and like-wife while they remain at Anchor in the Entrance of the said River Hooghly exposed to Tetnpefts and the Violence of the Tides, the Petitioner did, in the Month of May 1770* first form a ProjeCfc of exploring a new Track, or Channel, for the safe conducting of Ships of large Burthen from Sea, and also of establishing a Place, or Harbour, for them safely to ride at Anchor in, whereby the Dangers above-mentioned might be avoided, and the usual Losses saved; and accordingly the Petitioner having, as well from his own Observation as the Report of others, found that a Brandi of the said River Hooghly, called Channel Creek, might be a Channel adapted to this Purpose, did, in the Month of June 1770, make his first; Survey thereof; but as the Plan, from the Expences attending it, and the Knowledge to be acquired of the Navigation, might take much Time before it could be carried into Execution, the Petitioner did not then think it proper to lay th& same before the Public, but in the Year 1771 he made other Surveys of the said Navigation, and the Rivers and Creeks ad-joiningto and communicating with it, and having upon these Surveys found the Project to be worthy the Attention of the Public, the Petitioner soon after presented a Copy of his Survey to John Cartier, Esquire, at that Time President and Governor of Fort William, in Bengal, who approved thereof, and gave the Petitioner Encouragement to prosecute his Surveys, and the Petitioner, therefore, continued from Time to Time to examine the new Channel, and has, by great Labour and Expence, completed tnoft exaCfc Surveys of its Navigation, whereby it fully appears that great and important Advantages would refillt to the Public by bringing the said Navigation into general Use, and establishing a Refitting Station for his Majesty's Ships at a Place called New Harbour, distant from the Sea about Twenty-six Miles; and that the Petitioner did, in the Year 1775, lay the Subject of thlsBufiness before the Governor General and Council of Bengal, confiding of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, General Sir John Clavering, the honourable Colonel Monson, Richard Barwell, and Philip Francis, Esquires, who ordered Letters to be written to the Petitioner, alluring him of their Protection and Assistance in the Prosecution and Completion of the said Harbour, and on the 28th Day of June 1776, they did unanimously execute to the Petitioner a Grant for the said Harbour, bearing Date the ift Day of June 1776; and that Reports on the Harbour and Navigation to it were made by Sir John Clarke, late Commander of his Majesty'sShip Dolphin, Captain George Farmer, of the Sea Ho/je Sloop of War, but late of His Majesty's Ship Quebec, Captain John Ritchie, Marine Surveyor 1o the Fuji India Company at Bengal, Captains Savage, Brom field, Smith, Newte, Ogilvie, Arthur, Maw, Apple-garth, and several other Commanders of East India Ships, 20 ' who

xxGe&. III.

who all agreed in Opinion tha|v4ihe'^feon! was'well = Ordered, 'that the Outer of «hetDayi»forihe;House adapted to receiveand refit botfli His Majesty'sShips'of to resolve itself into aCommitted of‘ithe Whole House, War and ‘all Merchant Ships of the Jdrgeft Burthen*; upon the Bill for the better Regultf&dn of the Office of First, because the Rife and Fall ofthfe^pringlTides are Pay mailer General of His MajestyV Fortes, be' ttoir at leaii Twenty Feet; Secon dl$'b<khn fethe>hfw^Tract reach . ' 1 ‘

furmihea a taggeri>raught of Wa!ter LoWTide than And, the said Order bekig read adcordingly\f Hi‘ the old pccoftdmed Channel 'dobin'at < High-Water; The House refoivedntself intolthe*iSidrC(«niiiitt^,i

Thirdly*, because tlmtdwing tHANoiiili EaffiiMonfoon > Mr. Speakerleft the Chair. * U,

the new^Track rdd ucos>thd Iiuh jAto the Ganges from ' The JLord Althorpe took the Chajr of fthe /;Cori> One hundred and* Fifty Miles ‘td Fottvr oriry; and mijbtee... . n r; 1 '

Foarihl/, because His Majbfly'sSip&beitigcompelled Mo. Speaker'resumed the Chain — li- J*

to leave the Coast' of Coromandel during the Change of The Lord\ Althorpe reported from the OoiTlmittee,

the Monsoon wi]lfaiJwfch>feirWind8'to New Hum)ur> That theydiad gorse through the Bill, and made'several and in November will have feir Winds to blow them Amendmqdts thereunto; which they liad directedhiiji back to their1 Statiomagain, whereas, according to the to Report, when the House Ml please to receive the

present Method of going mmd'WBdto/fet/, they are to- fame.'* ‘ , '/* p-

tally prevented ftofti returning to the Coast of Coro- Ordered, That the Report be redeiyed upon Monday

mandel till the Month of March or April following; Morning, next* 1 *

and that, notwithstanding these Reports, which promise > < , -

every Service and Convenience to His Majesty's Ships, Refoliedy Thai thiisi 'House will, at the Rrfing, of the and to the general Trade: of)/miiA,r the Petitioner has House this Day, adjourn next.:

found himself deprived of his Rights in>Afa» Harbour, ''i-tj'Jf: K<

and of the Means of realizing his ^Property therein, Who

while the Nation and the Public suffer in the Loss of all <wei^e appointed tc/drkW Up Reasons, to be offered to the Benefit from this Place during the present War: And Lords iMi d'Gbnfdre'ncej'W disagreeii^ to such of the therefore praying the House to take the same into their Amendments made by. their Lordships to the Bill, jn-Consideration. ‘ '« ' tituled, An Act for1 the Encoiiragement and Disciplining

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon: the of such Corps or Companies Of Men as shall voluntarily Table* '; > enroll themselves for Defence of their Towns or Coasts,

ri or for the' general Defence of the Kingdom, during the

Veiling Land Mr. Steele presented to the! House, according to present War, as this House hathdifagreed to; That the for securing Order, a Bill to vefl certain Messuages, Lands, Tetie- Committee had drawn up Reasons accordingly; which Dock Yards, ments, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better they h&d directed him id report to the House; and lie securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered . Portsmouth and Chatham: And the same was received; it in at the Clerk's Table i Where the same was read; and read the First Time.: and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. To the First Amendment made by your Lordships, in

Press r. Line 17. the immediate Purpose and Effect of Egger*' Nat. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act which is, to prevent Lieutenants of Counties, or others, for naturalizing Henry Eggers, was read a Second Titne. who may be specially authorized by His Majesty, from Resolved.That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes, granting Commissions to any Officers of Corps or Corn-Sir Herbert Mackworthy &c.: And they are to meet panies, so as to entitle such Corps or Coin panics to this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Army Pay on their marching against any Rebels or Chamber. Invaders of the Kingdom, the Commons disagree; ber

cause they conceive, that in veiling the Power of grant-Fowlet's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ing such Commissions in the Lieutenants of Counties, Estates. for veiling the Estates late in Jointure to Dame Sarah they have followed the Example set them by all former Fowler, Widow, in Trustees, to be sold, conveyed, and Acts of Parliament respecting the Militia, and also by settled, pursuant to aDecree of the Court of Exchequer, the late Acts of »the Legislature (which in the framing was read a Second Time. of them were well Attended to) under which the Militia

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes, and certain Volunteer Corps are at present established; Sir Herbert Mackiborth, &c.: And they are to meet and they also consider that those were the Persons who this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers by the Common Law and the Constitution have at all Chamber. Times been charged with the arraying and bringing into

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, Action the Force and Power of the Country in all Cases and proceed upon the said Bill, upon Monday Morning of Danger and Necessity. The Commons therefore next. (without entering into an Enumeration of the particular

Conveniences resulting from this ancient Practice, which

Privilege of Mr. Orrf, according to Order, reported from the will eaflly occur) do'not think themselves justified in Pranking by Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to departing from a Method which has been found to be r'nminain^r enab]e the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces, honourable for the Crown, and safe and beneficial to the ,l Cl,lc‘' and the Secretary to the Commander in Chief of His Public: And they also conceive, that this Power is ab- Majesty's Forces, to send and receive Letters and folutely requisite for carrying this Bill (at this Time so Packets free from the Duty of Postage; and for releaf- important) effectually into Execution. The Commons ing Offenders from the Penalties inflicted by Acts of do not apprehend that the Lords take any special Ob-Parliament made for establishing Lotteries, oni certain jeftion to the latter Words proposed to be omitted by Conditions, was committed; the Amendments which this Amendment respecting " other Persons" to be ap-the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had pointed by the Crown for the Purposes before men-directed him to report to the House; and he read the tioned, those Words being intended to relate only to Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, that Part of the united Kingdom where the Office of with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where Lieutenants of Counties does not exist, and where only the Amendments wereOnceread throughout; and then the Power of such Appointment will be exercised, to a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questioti the End that both Parts of the united Kingdom may Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. be put on the same Footing, and be in a Condition of Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be arming themselves for their Defence with equal Advan* Aigrossed. tage and Facility.

Vol. 38. 13 K T#

fyrgulatin£ Pay mailer General* Office.

Adjourni

ment.

Volunteer

Corps.

11^6 i9°.

To the Second Amendment made by your Lordships, in Press i. Line 24. the Commons agree.

Tti so much of the Third Amendment made by your Lordships, in Press 1. Line 26. as proposes after Kingdom" to leave out " they," the Commons agree; but to so mu'Ch of the said Amendment as proposes to insert; ". having Permission so to do from proper! Authority," instead thereof, the Commons disagree; because 4heJWords " proper Authority" are too vague and uncertain, and the Corps may be prevented from acting at all, while they are consideriUg the Propriety of the Authority.under which they are to act: But supposing the Authority to be well defined, if it is at a Difiance (which probably would be the Cafe) the Opportunity might be. loft, and this Plan defeated, one. of whole principal Excellencies is, that the Force isdiffufed every wherei and ready to act with Expedition and Effect on all, and particularly on sudden. Emergencies.

The Commons therefore think that there is no Occasion for such inconvenient Reilraints, but that the Corps may be well left to the Command of their Officers, under such Instructions and Regulations as His Majesty in HijWifdom shall think proper to give, especially when it is considered, that no such Corps will be entitled to Pay on their Marching, which may be considered as a Motive for their doing so improperly, except in the same of an actual Rebellion or Invafioti, and their Marching for the Purpose of acting against such Rebels or Invaders.

To the Fourth Amendment made by your Lordships, in Press 1. Line 32. the Commons agree.

To the Fifth Amendment made by your Lordships, in Press 1. Line 33. the Commons disagree; because it is the Plan of the Bill, that no Corps shall be subject to military Discipline, except in the same of actual voluntary Service, on the Occasions mentioned in the . Bill, and the Receipt of Pay.

These are plain Propositions, all depending on each other: nor would it be possible to extend the Power of military Discipline beyond those specific Cafes (which, as it seems, is intended to be done by this Amendment) without departing from that main Principle of the Bill, that all the Service under it must be voluntary.

To the last Amendment made by your Lordships, in Press 1. Line 36. the Commons agree.

For these Reasons the Commons hope, that your Lordships will not inlist on the Amendments proposed to be made by your Lordships to this Bill, to which the Commons have disagreed; as by that Means the passing of the Bill may be risqued, or the Effect of it may be weakened, at a Time when not only your Lordships, who have so high an Interest in providing an efficient Defence for your Country from the Perils with which it is surrounded, but every Individual in it, is called upon to Hand forward and contribute his Assistance, and when every possible Exertion is become necessary for our Preservation.

The said Reasons being severally read a SecondTime,

were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

East India ReJblved, NemineContnidicente, ThsAthis House, early Affairs. ju the next Session, will resume the Consideration of the British Concerns in the East Indies, and will enquire into the Conduct of those who have been entrusted with the Management of them, either at Home or Abroad, in order effectually to enforce the several Resolutions of this House upon those Subjects, and to pursue such other Measures as the Nature and Circumstances of the same may require.

anii. A. 178a.

Mr. John Tdwnjhertd, from the Commissioners for exe- Pap«rs re-cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great d*

Britain, pcefented to the House, pursuant to their Ad- ctapRll!ft^iu-dress to His Majesty,

Copies of all Orders and Instructions, as also of all Correspondence, relativeto the Capture, Con-fifcation,. and Disposition of, Property in the Island of Saint Euftatius, lent to or received from Sir Geotige Brydges Rodney, Baronet, Knight of the Bath, Admiral of the White, and Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Ships and Vessels at Barbadoes and the Leeward Islands; viz.

N° 1. Copy of mofl Secret Instructions from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to Sir George Brydges Rodney, Baronet, Knight of the Bath, Sic. dated the 20th December 1780: And also,

N° a. Copy of a Letter from Admiral Sir George Brydges Rodney, Baronet, Knight of the Bath, Sic. to Mr. Stcpltens, dated on Board the Sandwich, at Saint Eujlatius, the 4th February 1781; with Copies of Three Inclosures, marked A. B. C.: And allb,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated 6th February 178.1, with Copy of Onelnclosure, marked D: And also, .

>1° .4. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated 6th February 1781: And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated 1 oth February, 1781.: And also,

N° 6. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated 7th March 1781: And also,

N° 7. Extract of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated -17th March 1781: And also,

- N° 8. Extract of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated 26th March 1781: And also,

N° 9. Extract of a Letter, from Mr. Stephens to Sir George Brydges Rodney, Baronet, Knight of the Bath,

Sic. dated at the Admiralty Office, 30th March 1781:

And also,

N* to Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated .30th March 1781; with Copy of an Inclosure marked E.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.:

; Mr. Orde presented to the House, pursuant to their Ditto. Address to His Majesty,

N° 1. Copy of a Letter, moll secret, from Lord George Germain to the honourable Major General Vaughan, dated Whitehall, 20th December 1780: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter, most secret, from Lord George Germain to the Lords of the Admiralty, dated Whitehall, 20th December 1780: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from the Honourable Major General Vaughan to Lord George Germain, dated Saint Eustatia, 7th February 1781: Received 13th;

inclosing,

N° 4. Summons to the Governor of Saint Eu-Jlatias.

N° 5. Surrender of Saint Eustatia: And also,

N° 6. Extract of a Letter, marked Private, from the honourable Major General Vaughan to Lord George Germain, dat ed Saint Eustatia, 7th February 1781: Received 13 th March;inclosing,

N° 7. Copy of Articles of Agreement entered into by Sir George Brydges Rodney and the honourable Major General Vaughan: And also,

N° 8. Extract of a Letter from the honourable Major General Vaughan to Lord George Germain, dated Saint Eustatia, 5th Marchi781: Received 11th And also,

N° 9. Extract of a Letter, marked Private, from Ditto to Ditto, dated Saint Eustatia, 18 th March 1781:

Received nth April: And also,

N* to.

2 a Geo. III. 28* Junii. — 1 Julii. 1137

N* 1 o. Extra# of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Saint Eustatia, x 8th March 1781; Received 22d:

And also,

N° 11. Extra# of a Letter from Lord George Germain to the honourable Major General Vaughan, dated Whitehall, 30th March 1781; inclosing,

N° 12. Instructions for Sir George Brydges Rodney and the honourable Major General Vaughan: And also,

N° 13. Copy of a Letter from Lord George Germain to the honourable Major General Vaughan, dated Whitehall,30th March 1781: And also,

N° 14. Copy of a Letter, marked Separate, from Ditto to Ditto, dated Whitehall, 30th March 1781: And also:

N° 15. Extra# of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Whitehall, 2d May 1781: And also,

N° 16. Extra# of a Letter from the honourable Ma-

ciplining of such Corps or Companies of Men as iha.ll voluntarily enroll themfel ves for Defence of their Towns or Coasts, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War; and that their Lordships will fend an Answer by Messengers of their own.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, i° Julii;

Anno 2a# Georgii III. U Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

Preventing

Ships being supplied to Enemies.

Appointment to Colonial Offices.

Volunteer

Corps.

jor General Vaughan to Lord George Germain, dated A N ingossed Bill for granting to His Majesty addi- Supply Bill; Saint Eustatia, 16th June 1781: Received 2d August:il. tional Duties upon the Produce of the several Dutie. on And also. Duties under the Management of the respective Com- Custom.

17. Extra# of a Letter from Sir George Brydges missioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain,

Rodney and the honourable Major General Vaughan, to was read the Third Time.

Lord George Germain, dated Saint Eustatia, 25th June Resolve That the Bill do pass: And that the Title 1781: Received 2d August: And also, be. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Du-

N° 18. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated ties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Saint Eustatia, 25th June 1781: Received 2d August: Management of the respective Commissioners of the

And also, Customs and Excise in Great Britain.

N° 19. Extra# of a Letter from the honourable Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Major General Vaughan to Lord George Germain, Lords, and desire their Concurrence, dated Barbadoes, ift July 1781: Received 2d August-,

inclosing, # An ingossed Bill for enabling His Bill for

N# 20. Address of the Wardens and Elders of the the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes wising Hebrew Congregation to the honourable Major therein mentioned. Was read the Third Time. £.1,000,000.

General Vaughan: And also, Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

N* 21. Copy of a Letter, marked Private, from the be, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum honourable Major General Vaughan to Lord George of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein men-Germain, dated Saint Eustatia, ift August 1781: Re- tioned.

ceived 2 7th September. Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the

Together with a List of the said Papers. Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A# christ'* Hof-

to be perused by the Members of the House. to render valid and effectual certain Articles of Agree- pital. &c.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other ment between the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens Agreement. Papers of this Session. of the City of London, Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Hospitals of Edward King of

An ingossed Bill more effectually to prevent His England the Sixth, of Christ, Brideioell, and Saint Majesty's Enemies from being supplied with Ships or Thomas the , and of the Hospitals of Henry the Vessels from Great Britain, was read the Third Time. Eighth King of England, called The House of the Poor,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title in West Smithfield, near London, and of the House and be. An A# more effectually to prevent His Majesty's Hospital called Bethelem, and the Presidents, Trea-Enemies from being supplied with Ships or Vessels furers, and a#ing Governors of the said several Hospi-from Great Britain. tals, was read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Darker,

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Mr. Elwes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A# Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, to prevent the granting in future any Office to be exer- and proceed upon the said Bill, Tomorrow Morning, cifed in any Colony or Plantation now, or" at any Time

hereafter, belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, for Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom Fow.|er»* any longer Term than during such Time as the Grantee the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Eftare*. thereof, or Person appointed thereto, shall discharge the veiling the Estates late in Jointure to Dame Sarah Duty thereof, and behave well therein, was read a Fowler, Widow, in Trustees, to be sold, conveyed, and Second Time. settled, pursuant to a Decree of the Court of Exche-

Rej'olved, That the Bill be committed. quer, was committed; That the Committee had exa-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same of the whole House. to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfa#ion of the Corn-Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the mittee; and that the Committee had directed him to whole House, upon the said Bill. report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Secretary at War reported to the House, And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

That he had, according to Order, been with the Lords, Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

to desire a Conference upon the Subje# Matter of Ordered, That Mr. Elwes do carry the Bill to the

the Amendments made by their Lordships to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath Bill, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement and Dif- agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Vol. 38. Mr.

1138 I'Julii. 1782.

Eggers' Nat. Mr. Elives reported from the Committee, to whom Governor and President, Councilors, and Members of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act the Select 'Cortiiliittee, of the Settlement of Fort Saint for naturalizing Henry Eggers, was committed; George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Diflo-

the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the lution of the Parliament:

Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the An Act for the more easy Discovery and effectual

House, without any Amendment: And he delivered Punijshment of Buyers and Receivers of Stolen Goods: the Bill in at the Clerk's Table. An Act for bettet paving, deahfing, and lighting

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. Part of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, \ n

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. the County of Middlesex, and such Part of Old Bond

Ordered, That Mr. Elwes do carry the'* Bill to the Street as lies within the Parish of Saint James, in the Lords; and acquaint them, that t|iis House hath agreed said County; and for removing and preventing Nub to the fame, without any Amendment. fances and Annoyances therein:

: An Act for the Improvement of Portman Square\ fto lillfent A Message by Sir Francis Mtlyncux, Gentleman within the Parish of Saint Mary-le-Bone, in the County

to J Bill* Usher of the Black Rod: of Middlesex:

Mr. Speaker, An Act for explaining and amending Two Acts,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's one made in the Eleventh, and the other in the Seven-Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several teenth. Year of His present Majesty, for paving certaifr Acts agreed upon by both Houses, to desire the immo- Streets in the Parishes of Saint John of Wapping and diate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House Saint George, in the County of Middlesex, and ftrf other of Peers' to hear the Commission read. Purposes; and for extending the Provisions of the said

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to Acts to other Parts of the said P'ariilies, and also for the House of Peers. opening certain Communications within the said Parish

And being returned; of Saint George:

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the De- An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in fire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's the Second Year of the Reign of His present Ma-Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of jesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Flim-Peers; where a Commission under the Great Seal was well Vent, in the County of Sussex, through IUghgate, ia read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent the County of Kent, and the Parishes of Sandkurjt, to the several Public and Private Bills therein men- Neivenden, and Northiam, to Rye, in the said County of tioned; and also impowering the Lord' Achbishop of Sussex, and from Highgate aforesaid to Cooper's Corner, Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, in the said County of Sussex, and to Tubb's Lake, in the the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, said County of Kent, as relates to the Road from High-and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal gate to Tubb's Lake; and for enlarging the Term and Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord President of Powers of the said Act with respect to the other Road? the Council, the Earl of Mansfield, and the Lord therein contained:

Viscount Keppel, named also in the said Commission, did An Act to enable the Most Noble Henry Duke of New-accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the cajile, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, to open a said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz. Street from the Strand, at or near the East End of the

An Act for granting an additional Duty upon white New Church, to the South End of Stbnhope Street, in ormanufactured BeesWax imported into Great Britain; the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, within, the City and An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, Liberty of Westminster^xA to make a more commodious made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Communication between the North End of Stanhope Majesty, for raising and training the Militia, as relates tq Street aforesaid and Wylde Street, in the Parish of Persons paying the Sum of Ten Pounds being liable to Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex: serve again in the Militia at the Expiration of Three An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Years; and also to oblige Substitutes to make Oath re- Acts, passed in the Eleventh, Twenty-sixth, and spefting their Place of Settlement: Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his Majesty King

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Shore-Nineteenth Year of King George the Second, for the ditch Church through Hackney to Stanford Hill, and more effectually disarming the Highlands in Scotland, cross Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, as re- Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlefet: strains the Use of the Highland Dress: An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain

An Act to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Work- Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Coin-men employed in printing Callicoes, Cottons, Mullins, mon Pastures, and Common Downs, in the Hamlet or and Linens, or in making or preparing Rlocks, Plates, Tything of Eastingfon, otherwise Northleach Foreign, or other Implements used in that Manufactory, to go in the Manor of Eastington, and Parish of Northleach, to Parts beyond the Seas; and to prohibit the exporting in the County of Glqiigefter:

to Foreign Parts of any such Blocks, Plates, or other An Act for inclosing and leafing a Piece of Waste Implements: Land, called The Marsh, within the Parish and Borough

An Act for the amending, and rendering more effec- of Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and tual, the Laws in being relative to Houses of Cor- applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rates rection: of the said Parish and Borough:

An Act for compelling John JF/i//<?/«7/, Esquire, to An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the return into this Kingdom; and for restraining him, in Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Corn-case of his Return, from going out of this Kingdom for monable Places, within the Lordship or Liberty of San-a limited Time *, and for discovering his Estate and Ef- diacre, in the County of Derby: fefts, and preventing the transporting or alienating of An Act for confirming a certain Piece of Ground, the same: Part of the Common of Norwood, in the Parish of Bat-

An Act; to provide that the Proceedings on the Bill, combe, in the County of Somerset, tq the Rector of the now dependingin Parliament, for inflictingjeertainPains said Parish; and for veiling the fame, together with an and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and additional Piece of Ground, other Part of the said Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of Public Commou, in him and his Successors, in lieu of all Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed Right of Common and Tythes belonging to the Rectory by them whilst they respectively held the Offices Of cX Baicombe, in or within the said Common of Norwood-,

and

22 Geo. III. r j

fend for confirming all the federal other Part8 of the said Common to the several Proprietors thereof, discharged of all Right of Common and Tithea belonging to the said Rectory.

Supply Bill 5 An ingrossed Bill-for-repealing the Duties payable for Beer and Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive 9 of the Duties of Excise, and not exceeding Eleven Shillings the Barrel exclusive of such Duties, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; fqr, granting additional Duties onCoaches and other Carriages therein mentioned, and also additional Duties oh Sope made in Great Britain, and upon the Produce of the said additional Duties on Coaches and on other Carriages; and for the better securing the Duty upon Tea, and other Duties of Excise, and also for appointing tl^e Number of Commissioners of Excise who may hear Causes depending before them relative to the Duties on Male Servants, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossedClause wasoffered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for exempting from the Duty, Sope used in the Manufacture of Linep Thread and Yarn,

Volunteer A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ho\fard and Coi>s. Mr. Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do agree to a Conference, as desired by this House on Friday last, and do appoint it presently, in the Painted Chamber.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Committee who were appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to such of the Amendments made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement and Disciplinitig of such Corps or Companies of Men asihall voluntarily enroll themselves for Defence of their Towns and Coasts, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War, as this House hath disagreed to, do manage the Conference.

And the Names of the Managers were called over.

And they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

General Conzvay reported, That the Managers had been at the Conference; which was managed by the Earl of aSuffolk, on the Part of the Lords; and that they had delivered to the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to such of the Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Bill, as this House hath disagreed to; and had left the Bill and Amendments with their Lordships.

Supply Bill; Then the Question being put, That the ingrossed Duties on Clause, for exempting from the Duty, Sope used in the Beer, &c. Manufacture of Linen Thread and Yarn* be brought up;

It pnfled in the Negative.

Resolved, That the ingrossed Bill for repealing the Duties payable for Beer and Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel exclusive of the Duties of Excise, and not exceeding Eleven Shillings the Barrel exclusive of such Duties, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for granting additional Duties on Coaches arid other Carriages therein mentioned, and also additional Duties on Sope made in Great Britain, and upon the Produce of the said additional Duties on Coaches and on other Carriages; and for the better securing the Duty upon Tea and other Duties of Excise, and also for appointing the Number of Commissioners of Excise who may hear Causes depending before them relative to the Duties on Male Servants, do pass: And that the Title . be. An Act for repealing the Duties payable for Beer and Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel exclusive of the Duties of Excise, and not exceeding Eleven Shillings the Barrel exclusive of such Duties, and for granting x Other Duties in lieu thereof; lor granting additional Duties on Coaches and other Carriages therein mentioned, and alsex additional Duties. OJi Sope made in Girat

Ypi. 2$-

mit: J139

Britain, and upon the Produce of the said additional Duties on Coaches and on other Carriages; and for the better securing the Duty upon Tea and other Duties of Excise, and also for appointing the Number of Commissioners of Excise who may hear Causes depending before them relative to the Duties on Male Servants.

Ordered, That Mr. Strachey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty' a Supply Billj certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, an^l Smkbg for apply ing certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Fun*

Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, was read the Third Time.

fiefolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money put of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Strachey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Commander in Chief Privilege iff of His Majesty's Forces, and the Secretary to the Frankingj>y Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces, to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage; and for releasing Offenders from the Penalties inflicted by Acts of Parliament made for establishing Lotteries, on certain Conditions, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for indemnifying Persons under certain Conditions, who are under Prosecution for Offences committed against the late Lottery Office Act.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read a Second Time.

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces, and the Secretary to the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces, to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

A Bill to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenement^, Veftjnr and Hereditaments, in Trustees for the better securing or His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Por tfmouth Dock Yard*, and Chatham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refotced, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Lord AUhorpe according to Order, reported Regulating from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Paymaster Bill for the better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster q^^*1* General of His Majesty's Forces, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; ami lie read the Report in His Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That tire Bill, with J.hc Amendments, be ingrpffed.

A Petition of Herbert Jones, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Pe- ^ngtefc/

-13. L titioner,. Militia/

*i46

i' — z! Ju)ii.

WA. 1782.

titinner', being a PeHqn duly qualified according to the

Militia Laws, was promoted, in 1778, to the

Rank of Captain Commandant of the Militia,

Tvhtcli, as the efiabfiljied Militia of the said County consisted of One Company only, was the highest Commission which could legally be granted by Sir Nicholas Bay lei/, Baronet, the Lieutenant of the County; that, on the Declaration of Hostilities by France, a Law passed, authorizing the Lieutenants of the several Counties in England and Wa to augment the Militia V the Addition of Volunteer Companies, limiting the Number of Men in Proportion to the Number of the established Militia in each respective County; and tha£, on the Declaration of Hostilities by Spain the succeeding Year*,'another Law passed, authorizing the said Lieutenants to add Volunteer Companies without Limitation of "Number, but requiring that the said ‘Volunteers should be raised and commanded by Officer's qualified to serve in the Militia, prohibiting them to be raised by Beat of Drum, or to be enlisted while the Militia are out of the County, un'efs the Persons erililling shall be Natives of the County to which the Regiment belongs, and extending all the other Laws and Regulations respecting the Militia to the said Volunteer Companies; and that under Pretence of Authority derived from the said Act, Sir Nicholas Bayley, Baronet, Lieutenant of the County of ,hath

Conferred aCommission of Lieutenant Colonel on William Pcacocke, Esquire, and hath also given Commissions of Major and Captains to Gentlemen, Natives of Ireland, -poriefling no Property in the County, by whom Four Vol unteer Companies have beenraised by Beat of Drum, while their Militia were serving out of the said County, and confiding chiefly of Natives of Ireland, neither raised nor attested according to the Militia Laws, but as Regulars, and exceeding Three Times the Number of the established Militia of the County of Anglesey, and that the Petitioner beipg informed that the said Commissions, and all Acts done under the fame, Were wholly illegal and void, and finding hiraself nevertheless actually superseded in the Command of the Anglesey Militia (without any Notice given him or any Court Martial) by the illegal Appointment of Officers of superior Rank, hath made several fruitless Attempts to obtain Redress by Representations to Sir Bayley,

and by Memorials delivered to the Earl of and to Lord Amherst; and that the Petitioner hath been informed, that a Court of Inquiry was hejd at Vox Heath respecting the Commissions so granted, and, notwithstanding repeated Applications, the Report and Proceedings of the said Court have been, in a Manner unprecedented, suppressed by Persons in Office; and that the Petitioner hath lately caused Application to be made to the Court of King's Bench, for a Mandamus to Sir Nicholas Bayley, to declare the Commissions of several of the Officers of the said Volunteer Companies vacant, which Mandamus the said Court, after hearing whatever could be urged on Behalf of Sir Nicholas Bayley, granted; but such Officers still continue to act, though several Gentlemen of the County, properly qualified, offered to accept the vacant Commissions; and that the Petitioner, being informed that the Redress to be obtained in a Court of Law will be inadequate, may be long delayed, and may be finally eluded, thinks it his Duty to represent to the House the present Situation of the Militia of the County of Anglesey, commanded by Officers holding Commissions indeed granted in due Form, but void by Law, and whose Orders it may therefore be neither safe to obey nor prudent to refill, and in this Dilemma the private Men are compelled to serve (contrary to all the Provisions in the Militia Laws) under Officers neither qualified by I.aw nor known in the County, nor even understanding their Language, from whom they have experienced the moil injurious and nujuft Treatment, of which they have made many Complaints to the Com-7

mander in Chief, and others having Authority to redress their Grievances; and that the Petitioner apprehends, that the Grant of these Commissions by Sir Nicholas Bayley is not less subversive of the whole System of Militia Laws than injurious to Individuals, and conceives the Object of these Laws is to form a Constitutional' Force for the internal Defence of Great Britain, by disciplining the Inhabitants of the several Counties under' Officers who have an Interest in the Country they defend, and whose Property is a Pledge to their Fellow Citizens, that they will not concur in any Design against the Public Liberty; that this Object is loft if the Restraints if these Laws may be openly violated, by raising a Military Force contrary to all the Provisions respecting the Militia of the County, and neither Officers nor Men connected with the County for which they prbtend to serve: And that the Petitioner, sensible of this Injustice, and being well advised that the present festablishment of the Anglefetj Militia is tinconiiitutional and illegal, and a Measure calculated only for private Advantage and Emolument, to procure Rank and Pay for Officers not entitled to hold Coiri-missions (as the said Volunteer Companies are exceedingly defective in their proper Complement of Men) submits the same to the House, praying, That such Relief may be granted therein as shall be judged proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent the granting in future any Office to be exercised in any Colony or Plantation now, or at any Time hereafter, belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, for any longer Term than during such Time as the Grantee thereof, or Person appointed thereto, shall discharge the Duty thereof, and behave well therein.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Adam Ferguffdntook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Adam Ferguffon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 2* Julii;

Anno 22° Georgii IIIdt Regis, 1782, Praters.

MR. Darker reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to render valid and effectual certain Articles of Agreement between the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Hosp'ials of Edward King of England the Sixth, of Chri/l, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the Apostle, and of the Hospitals of

Henry the Eighth King of England, called The House of the Poor, in West Smith field, near London, and of th* House and Hospital called Bethelem, and the Presidents, Treasurers, and acting Governors of the said several Hospitals, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had

given

Appointment to Colonai Office*,

drift*

Hoipkii. to A&rc

ai Geo. III.

given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table. '* .

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Rtjnlved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Darker do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Trialing Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to

£Uia, irc, 11 is Majesty, That he will, be graciously pleated to give Directions for defray in'g the Expences attend ing the printing the Copies of Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been printed by Order of this House,- in this Session of Parliament; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address'be' presented to/His Majesty-by' such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy. Council.

Journal. Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the

End of tl»e last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session, with an Index to the Thirty eighth Volume, be printed.

Ordered, That One thousand Five hundred Copies of the said Journal and Index be printed, by the Appointment, and under the Direction of John Ef-

squire. Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal and Index be printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to print the lame.

Pitta. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleated to order the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds to be advanced to John HatfeU, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session, with an Index, to the Thirty-eighth Volume; and to defray such extraordinary Expences as have been or shall be incurred on Account of the printed Journals and Reports of this House; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Votes.. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleated to give Directions lor defraying the Expence of printing And delivering the Votes of this House of this Session of Parliament; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make the fame.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's Most honourable Privy Counsel.

Account! The House being informed that Mr. Dailey, from respecting the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Hoof; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented v>8* D" to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Total Numberand Tonnage of all British Ships and Vessels arrived at, and reported in, all the Ports of South Britain, with an Account of the Number of Seamen, exclusive of the Master, navigating such Ships and Vessels, distingnishing the British from the Foreign Seamen, from ill January 1780 to ill January 1782; distinguishing each Port and each Year, and, as far as can be, the Number and Tonnage of such of the said Ships and Vessels as were employed in the Service of Government: And also,

An Account of the Total Number and Tonnage of all Foreign Ships and Vessels arrived and reported in all the Ports of South Britain, with the Number of Foreign Seamen navigating such Ships and Vessels, from the ill January 1780 to the ift January 1782 j Voi» 38.

distinguishing each Port and each Year, and, as far can be, the Numberand Tonnage of such as were employed in the Service of Government.

And then he withdrew. *

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account ot Account of all the Duties of Excise on Sope drawn ^r^0b*clt* back for the Whitening of New Linen Cloih in the Piece; and in order for Sale, in England and Scotland, from the ill of January 1771 to the ill of January 1781; distinguishing each Year.

The Older of the Day being read, for taking into Committee. further Considertpion the Report which was made from on Coinage, the Committee, who were appointed consider of the State of the Coinage of Money in this Kingdom,

<and the Expences incident thereto,- and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into farther Consideration upon this Day Fortnight.

Sir Adam Fcrgujfon, according to Order, reported Appointment from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the to Colonial ihgrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to pre- Office*, vent the granting in future any Office, to be exercised in any Colony or Plantation now, or at any Time hereafter, belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, for any longer Term than during such Time as the Grantee thereof, or Person appointed thereto,* shall discharge the Duty thereof, and behave well therein, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House;- and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth;

Pr. 1. 1. 14. Leave out from "Duty" to the End of Line 22.

1. 34. After" grantable" insert " by Patent." h 37. After "thereof" insert" in Person."

In the Title of the Bill;

'1. 2. After " any" insert " Patent."

I. 8. After " thereof" insert " in Person."1

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally p,ut thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Body of the Bill, in Pr. 1. 1. 3. by leaving out the Words "America and."

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then t he said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Orde do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with forne Amendments, to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

The other Order of the Day beingread;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Verting whole House, upon the Bill to veil certain Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at PortJ'mouth and Chatham.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kenrick took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kenrkk reported from the Committee, That

they

V Julii-

Regulating Pay matter Genenl's Office.

Answer to AJdreOfci.

II43

*°-3 JA

A. 1783,

they had gone through the BiM, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Kenrick accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to thei House; and he1 read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bfe ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Burke have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill for the better Regulation of the Office of raymaster General of His Majesty's Forces* was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed io be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 8. I. 36. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " be " in Pr. 9. 1. 10.

Pr. 9. L 10. After " it " to insert " therefore," and after " that " to insert " from and " after the 10th Day of October " 1782."

1. 17. To leaveout" such "and insert "a " instead thereof.

1. IQ. To leave out " as aforesaid " and insert " if it shall be found expedient," instead thereof.

1. 23. After" Office" to insert" from Time " to Time."

1. 28. To leave out " shall."

I. 29. After " been " to insert w shall be." 1. 35. After "Service " to insert " as His Majesty shall direct and ap-« poiiit."

i. 89.)

and > To leave out "from Time to Time." 40.)

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces.

Ordered, That Mr. Burke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrow-Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 3* Julii;

Anno 22* Georgii III*" Regis, 178*. Prayers.

THE Earl Ludlotv reported to the House, That their Addresses of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expences attending the printing the Copies of Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been printed by Order of this House in this Session of Parliament; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously >7

pleased to order the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds to be advanced to John Hat/elL, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session, with an Index to the Thirty-eighth Volume, and to defray such extraordinary Expences as have been, or shall be, incurred on Account of the printed Journals and Reports of this House; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directkms for defraying the Expence of printing and delivering the Votes of this House of this Seflkmof Parliament; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as deftred by the said Addresses.

An mgrofled Bill to vest certain Messuages, Lands, VefHng Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the bands for fe* better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, v^Dock at Portsmouth and Chatham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth and Chatham;

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next. Ten of the Clock,

Veneris, 5®

Anno 22* Georgii III"* Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Ilolford and Mr. Thompfou;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the granting in future any Office to be exercised in any Colony or Plantation now, or at any Time hereafter, belonging to the Crown of Great Britain^ for any longer Term than during such Time as the Grantee thereo, or Person appointed thereto, shall discharge the Duty thereof, and behave well therein: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Ex-cife in Great Britain; without any Amendment: Aud also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties payable for Beer and Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel exclusive of the Duties of Excise, and not exceeding Eleven Shillings the

Barrel

Appointmen to Colonial Offices.

Bill for ratfii £.1,000,00

Supply Bill

Sinking Fund.

Supply I Duties Customs,

Supply 1 Duties Beer, I

2i Glso. III.

fjuhi

"4$

granted towards paying the Interest of the said Sums* and the Deficiencies thereof; and to report the same to tlVe 'House, with their Observations thereupon; and who were instructed to examine into, and date {p the , House, the Amount of the Public Debts as they ftoQcl. at the Receipt of His Majesty \s Exchequer on the Tobacco Grown England^ &c.

Barrel exclusive of such Duties, and for granting other get her with the Annual Produce of ilie several Taxes

Duties in lieu thereof; for grktiting additional Duties — 1 ----- --11 T ----- ----- h c ' - r *1 r

oh Coaches and other Carriages therein mentioned, and also additional Duties on Sope made in (treat Britain, and upon the Produce of the fitid additional Duties on Coaches and on other Carriages; and for the better securing the Duty upon Teaandtuher Duties of Excise, and nlfo for appointing the Number of Commissioners Day of January in every Year, from the Year 177,6 to of Excise who may hear Caiifes depending before them the Year 1 782, both inclusive, with the annual Inhered, relative to the Duties on Male Servants; without any or other Charges, payable thereupon; and who were^lfo Amendment: And also, ‘ ' instructed to examine into, and state to the House,f the

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Amount of the Exchequer Bills, Navy Bills, Ordnance Act to explain an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of Debentures, and other unfunded Debts; and who were the Reign of KmgChaiies the Second, intituled, u An. also instructed to enquire into, and report to the House>; " :Act for prohibiting the planting, setting, or fowing the Amount of the several Sums expeiuledjietween the *

(< ' OfTobarrn in F.ncrJnvH nr Trpfnnd *" and to ni-rmitthp

Importation ©t Fureign-wrought Silks.

Meeting* of Commissioners under certain Act*.

Preventing Ships being 'Supplied to Enemies.

Privilege of Franking by Commander in Chief kc.

of His present Majesty, as relates to Importation of Foreign-wrought Silks

6‘f Tobacco in EijLgland or Ireland *" and to permit the DfeJand Removal of Tbbaceo, the Growth of Scotland, into England, for a,limited Tipe, under certain Re-ftfiftions; h\hth6ut iny AtnendihentAnd also' ‘ A The Lords have agreed to the Bill, hitituled, An Act* for continuing so mlith of an Act of the Sixth Year

>rohiBiting the and Velvets;

without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Times appointed for the first Meeting of Commissioners, or other Persons, for putting in Execution certain Aclsof this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,.

The Lords have agreed to The Bill, intituled, An Aftmore effectually to prevent His Majesty's Enemies from being'supplied with Ships or Vessels from Great Britain > without any Amendment: And also,. j'I The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces, and the Secretary to the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces, to send and receive Letters and Rackets free from the Duty of Port age;1 without any Amendment. ' ‘

And then the Messengers withdrew. 1

5th Day of January 1776 and the 5th Day of April 1782, on the Heads of the Navy, Army, and Ordnance Services, dist what Part of the Paid Sums has been granted upon Estimates laid before this House, and what Part of the same has been incurred without the Authority of Parliament; and who were likewise in- . itrufted, together with a State of the Fasts, to report; to the House their Observations on the several Mat-, ters deferred to their Consideration; That the Com- > mittee had, enquired and examined into the same a a- f cordingly; arid had agreed upon a Report; which they, , had directed him to make to the House; and he read the Report in *hiS Place; and afterwards delivered the^ , fanie; together with an Appendix thereunto, ip at the . Cfef1c¥s Table; Where the Report was read. , iOfdetedl'lihTit such a Number of Copies of the said . Rerioiti with the AppeiidLX, be printed, as shall be sufficient f6f the Use of the Members of the House. t . The said Report is preserved amongst the other 'i? . Papers of this Session.

' Ar. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

hirer* Ba-, lance.

Account of Drawback* of So,:e Duties.

E^pences of Committee ©n Raft India AiVaiii.

Sums raised by Annui-tie*.

The House being informed that Mr. Webb, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Doorhe was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, , *#

An Account of all the Dpties of Excise on Sope drawn back for the Whitening of new Linen Cloth in the Piece, and in order for Sale, in England, from the 5U1 of July 1771 to the 5thof jfafy 1781; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Paid Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved^hnt an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Five hundred Pounds to be advanced to George White, Esquire, towards further defraying the Expences incurred by him in Business done under the Direction of the Committee of Secrecy appointed to inquire into the Causes of the War that now subsists in the Carnatic, and of the present Condition of the British Possessions in those Parts; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's Mod honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Thomas Pitt reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into, and state to the House, the Amount of the several Sums raised by Annuities towards the Supply granted to His Majesty between the 5th Day of January 1776 and the 5 th Day of April 1782, with the Annual Interest payable thereupon, to-VOL. 38.

Mr. Hopkins, from the Commissioners for*executing Account of the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pre- Navy Trca* fented to the House, pursuant td their Order, j "

Art Account shewing the Balance in the Hands of the Right.honourable Welbore Ellis, Esquire, late Treasurer of tip Navy, on the Day lie went out of Office.

And the Title of the said Account was. read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the TabH, tci oe peril fed by the Members of this House.

1 ' The fpid Account is preserved amongst the other ‘ 71‘"Papers of this Session.

A MefTage by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Royal Assent tjfher of the Black Rod: to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's His Royal Assent to several

Commission for declaring 1 Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers; where a Commission under the Great Sea! was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord Prefulent of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord President of the Council, and the Lord Ashburton, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said tills 5 which Bills are as followeth; viz.

13 M An

1144 5° — 9 0 J 1782.

1 Aflem An Act for enabling Mis Majesty to raise the Sum; of Bills. One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned;

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sinn of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament:

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain:

An Act for repealing the Duties payable for Beer and Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel exclusive of the Duties of Excise, and not exceeding Eleven Shillings the Barrel exclusive of such Duties, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for granting additional Duties on Coaches and other Carriages therein mentioned, and also additional Duties onSope made in Great Britain, and upon the Produce of the said additional Duties on Coaches and on other Carriages; and for the better securing the Duty upon Tea and other Duties of Excise, and also for appointing the Number of Commissioners of Excise who may hear Causes depending before them relative to the Duties on Male Ser-

An Act to prevent the granting in future any Patent Orfice to be exercised in any Colony or Plantation now, or at any Time hereafter, belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, for any longer Term than during such

Time as the Grantee thereof, or Person appointed thereto, shall discharge the Duty thereof in Peri'on, and behave well therein:

An Act to render valid and effectual certain Articles of Agreement between the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of , Governors of the

Possessions, Revenues, and Goods of the Hospitals of Edward King of England the Sixth, of Bride-

well, and Saint Thomas the Apostle, and of the Hospitals of Heart/ the Eighth King of England, called The Hovfe of the Poor, in West Smith field, near London, and of the House and Hospital called Bethelem, and the Presidents, Treasurers, and acting Governors of the said several Hospitals:

An Act for veiiing the Estates late in Jointure to Dame Sarah Fowler, Widow, in Trustees, to be sold,

conveyed, and settled, pursuant to a Decree of the Court of Exchequer:

An Act for naturalizing Henry Eggers.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

vants:

An Act to explain an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for prohibiting the planting, setting, or fbwing of Tobacco in England or Ireland;" and to permit the Use and Removal of Tobacco, the Growth of Scotland, into England, for a limited Time, under certain Restrictions:

An Act for continuing so much of an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to prohibiting the Importation of Foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets:

An Act for enlarging the Times appointed for the j first Meetings of Commissioners, or other Persons, for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament:

An Act more effectually to prevent His Majesty's Enemies from being supplied with Ships or Vesseisfrom Great Britain:

An Act to enable the Commander in Chief of His Majesty‘s Forces, and the Secretary to the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces, to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage:

Marti*, 90 die Julii;

*1 ' ' f

Anno i2* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Account of

front the Commissioners of Excise iu Scotland, at- tocife tended at the Door; lie was called in and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Accouitt for the Year ending the 5th of July 1781, of the Gross Amounts of the Excise Duties charged with the per Cent. Duties by the Acts of the 19th, loth, and a ill of George the Third; distinguish*-

ing such as are charged with 10 -per from those;

charged only with a Duty of 5 per Cent.

And then he withdrew'.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; vis.

1 .

22 Geo. Ill

9* — io°

*H5

xpence* of lomtnittee a Adminif. ation of ustice in teo&al, Ice.

Ifotion re-

getting 5r»m of t 'tJlfioQ.

North Britain. Ax ACCOUNT for the Year ending the 5th of July 1781, of the Gfofs Amounts of the Excise Duties charged with the per Cent. Duties by the Acts of the 19th, 20th, and 21 ft of George the Third; distinguishing such as are charged with 10 per Cent, from those charged only with a Duty of 5 per Cent: As ordered in the Votes of the Honourable the House of Commons) on the 18th June 1782.

EXCISE DUTIES. GROSS AMOUNTS of the Excise Duties charged with the ptr Cent. Duties by the Act* of Total.

r the 19th George Third. the 201I1 George Third. the aid George Third. Charged with 10 per Cent. Charged with 5 ptr Cent,

Spirits imported - 20,135 2 ii 2,809 12 3 132 10 4 132 10 4 22,812 4 -

Low Wines and Spirits 36,766 4 6* 4,272 8 3* 11,681 4 2* II,68l 4 29>357 8 7

Vinegar - - 3 3 5* - - 1 6 3 i 6 3 1 17 2i

Vellum and Parchment 9 3 lOf - - 2 11 9 211 9 6 12 ii

Paper - 773 18 iof - - 255 4 Hi 255 4 "I J'8 13 11

Printed Linens - 16,449 >5 8 - m 5.003 9 2 5.003 9 2 n,446 6 6

Starch 546 6 IO 279 T5 II 3»9 1 — 319 1 — 507 1 9

Spirit Licences - - 2,380 — — - 298 — — 298 — — 2,082 — —

Glass - 7>798 5 61 - - 1,892 5 1,892 5 if 5,906 — 4

Wheel Carriages 6,820 — — . - h338 — i.338 5,482

Plate Licences mm to 261 — — - - 18 — 18 243 — —

Auctions - - 1,899 3 6} - 496 5 — 496 5 — 1,402 18 6

Tea Licences - 23 10 — ... 23 10 —

Roasted Coffee - I 6 " ~ * 5 * — — 5 ~ 1 1 —

Total £ 93.843 IO 4* 7,361 16 5 21,461 12 lOl 21,438 2 10 j 79.790 13

Bobert Chalmers, Accomptant Gen1. Excise Office, Edinburgh, James Accompt Gen*.

28th June 1782. James Bruce, Accomptant.

Jcl Slodart,

Geo. Brown,

T. Wharton.

Ordered, That- the said Account do lie Upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Five hundred Pounds to be advanced to Mr. Williamfaatt, towards further defraying the Expences incurred by him in Business done under the Direction of the Sdeft Committee appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and O^iffa; t and to affiiFe His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His: Majesty's Mod honourable Privy Council;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That an bumble: Address be'presentedi tb His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to inform tips Hopfe'which of His Majesty's Miniftefs.'bate pise-. fumed to advise His Majesty, hi the present calamitous^ aipl-distressed State of the Country,- and in the Mo-'' met^rtf Hefofpi, to add) to the Distress of it/by granted ii{g,a^p£tf»g Peivfion of £. 3,000 a:Year to the Right"! hoiK)9ta^le I/aac Rarrc, Treasurer. of Hisi Majesty,< Navy, ,tQ[ 9p«HTneoce at the Tim^tbart'he scdlfus to hold that Qftjoev " jo util, .7 ' iv*

Yol. 38.

A Motion was made, and the Question being ptit, That the House do now adjourn;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the House accordingly adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurti, io* die;

Anno 22* Georgii IIP* Regis, 1782.

Prayers.

A MESSAGEfrbm the Lords, by Mr. Anguish il and Mr. Eames t " - Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do not infill on the Amendments made oy Volunteer their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Corp*. Enfcbtttagement and Difcliplining of such Corps or Companies of Men as shall voluntarily enroll themselves fof Defence of their Towns or Coasts, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War; to which this House hath disagreed; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Civil List fof enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt con- Debt.

trafted

114

O o CY '

10 — 11 Junti.

A. 178*2;

Poor Relief and Employment,

Importation of Drugs, &c.

Veiling Land for securing Dock Yards,

Slyth Marsh Road.

Limeboafe

Streets.

Whitchurch

Writ.

Appleby

Writ.

New

Romney

Writ.'

trafted upon His Civil List Revenues; and for preventing the same from being in Arrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil List: w ithout any Amendment: And

also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Utter Relief and Employment of the Poor; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to permit Drugs, the Product of Hungary or to be imported from the Aujirian Netherlands, or any Port of Germany, upon Payment of the Single Duty; to

allow the Importation of Hungary ox Orgar.zined Thrown Silk, from th

or any Part of Germany, into Great Britain; and of Timber and other Goods from any Part of Europe, in Ships the Property of Subjects under the same Sovereign as the Country of which the Goods are the Growth, Produce, or Manuiafture; without any Amendment: And also, , .

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intutled. An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores at Portsmauth and Chatham-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty's Reign, so. far as the same relate to the Road from Blyth Mar/h to the Road leading from Ashborn to Buxton, near Thorp, and from the Road between Cheadle and Leek to the Turnpike Road above and from the same Road to the Road at or near Ruehill Gate, in the Counties of Stafford and Derby, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving, and freeing from Nuisances and Annoyances, the several Streets, Ways, and Places within the Parish of Saint Anne, in the County of Middlesex, and Queen Street and London Street, in the Hamlet of Ratcliffe, within the said Parish; and for making Ways or Streets into the Street called Rifby's Rope Ground, and through or across Shoulder of Mutton Alley and a Street called Ropemakers Fields to Three Colt Street, and from the Bridge in the said Street called Rifby's Rope Ground into Three Colt Street aforesaid; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of tVhin the County of Southampton, in the room of the Right honourable Thomas Townshend, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of His Majesty's principal Secretaries of State.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make ont a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to ferVte in this present Parliament for the Borough of Appleby, in the County of Westmoreland, in the rooip of the Honourable William Pitt, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Chancellor and Under Treasurer of His Majesty's Exchequer. 1

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ for the electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of New Romney,\n the County of Kent, in the room of Richard Jackson, Esquire, who, finoe his Election for the said Town and Port, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners far ejee-4

cuting the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to St* Gema* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for nt' the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saint Germans, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Edward James,

Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Bath, in the County of in

the room of the honourable John Jeffreys Pratt, who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do-issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wallingford, in the County of Berks, in the room of John Aubrey, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of H, in the County of Devon, in the room of the Right honourable Sir George Yonge, Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of His Majesty's Secretary at War.

And then the House adjourned, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Bath

Writ.

Wallingfoii ‘ Writ.

Hoeitna

Wnt.

Jovis 9 ii* dieJulii;

. ' ;.T

Anno 22° Georgii III"* Regis, 1782.

rf

Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Nir. Angui/k and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Regubrinj for the better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster General of his Majesty's Forces; without any Amend- office, ment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Prevenrinj more effectually to prevent the pernicious Practice of o{ G*°"afr Gaming; with some Amendments, to which- Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Earl Ludloto reported to the House, That their Anfv. c.-Addresses of Friday and Tuesday fall (that His Majesty' to Addre/*. would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Five hundred Pounds to be advanced to 1 Wkite

Esquire, towards further defraying the Expence* iAcnr-red by him in Business, done under the Direction of the Committee of Secrecy appointed to enquire into- the Causes of the War that now subsists in the Carnatic, and of

Caine New Writ.

A cf numeration of justice in Bengal, iec.

Ditto.

22 Geo. III. 11* Julii. 1147

of the present Condition of the British Possessions in unable to regulate the Whole of the Affairs of the those Parts; and also, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds Company, or to consider of the latest Advices from

to he advanced to Mr. William Evatt, towards further India; and praying, That His Majesty will be gra-defraying the Expences incurred by him in Uufiness ciously pleased to give Directions, that the Order for the done under the Direction of the Select Committee ap- Kecaltof Sir Elijah Chief Justice of ,be

pointed to take into Consideration the State of the Ad- suspended until the Meeting of the next Session of ministration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Parliament, when this House does intend to resume Bahar, and Of iff a; and to allure His Majesty, that this the Consideration of the State and Condition of that House will make good the fame) had been presented Province, to His Majesty j and that His Majesty had commanded

him to acquaint this House, that He will give Direc- A Messagefrom His Majesty, by Sir Royal Assent

tions as desired by the said Addrefi'e.s. neux. Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: to

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills following j viz.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contracted upon His Civil List Revenues; and for Mr. Bichard Smith, from the Select Committee ap- preventing the same from being in Arrear for the future, pointed to take into Consideration the State of the Ad- by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said ministration of Justicein the Provinces of Bens al, B altar, Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain and Or iff:/, and to report the fame, as it shall appear to Offices, therein mentioned, which are now paid out of

them, to the House, with their Observations there- the Revenues of the Civil List:

upon; and who were instructed to consider how the An Act for the Encouragement and Disciplining of British Possessions in the East Indies may be held and such Corps or Companies of Men as shall voluntarily governed with the greatest Security and Advantage to enroll themselves for Defence of their Towns or Coastsj this Country, and by what Means the Happiness of the or for the General Defence of the Kingdom, during Native Inhabitants may be best promoted, acquainted the present War: . -t

the House, That the Committee had made a further An Act to veil certain Messuages, Lands, Tenetnents,

Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had di- and Hereditaments, in Trusteesj, for the better securing rested him to make a Report thereof to the House; and His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deli- and Chatham.

vered the fame, together with an Appendix there- An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of unto, in at the Clerk's Fable: Where the Report was Pay mailer General of His Majesty's Forces: read. ' An Act to permit Drugs, the Product of Hungary or

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Germany, to be imported from th Report, with the Appendix, be printed, asihall be suffi- or any Port of Germany, upon Payment of the Single cient for the Use of the Members of the House. Duty; to allow the Importation of or German

The said Report is preserved amongst. the other Wines, and Organzined Thrown Silk, from the Austrian Papers of this Session. Netherlands, or any Part of Germany, into Great Britain;

N.B. A printed Copy is with the Original, and of Timber, and other Goods, from any Part of

Europe, in Ships the Property of Subjects under the,

The House was moved, That the Resolution of the same Sovereign as the-Country of which the Goods are House of the 3d Day of May last, " That Sir Elijah the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture:

M Impey, Knight, Chief Justice of the Supreme Court - An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the.

" of Judicature, ought to be recalled, to answer for his Poor:

Conduct in having accepted an Office granted by. An Act for paving, and freeing from Nuisances and " and tenable at the Pleasure of, the Servants of the Annoyances, the several Streets, Ways, apd Places,

East India Company, which has aTendency to create Within the Pafifli of Saint 'Anne, in the County of " a Dependence in the said Supreme Court upon those dlesex, a the Ham-' over whose Actions the said Court was intended as a let of Ratcliffe, within the said Parish; and for making " Controul, contrary to the good Purposes and true Ways dr Streets into the Street called Rijby's Rope " Intent and Meaning of an Act of the Thirteenth Ground, and through or across Shoulder of Mutton Alley Year of His Majesty's Reign," might be read. and a Street called Bopemakers Fields to Three Colt

And the same was read accordingly. Street, and from the Bridge in the said Street called The House was also moved. That the Address of this Rijby's Rope Ground in Colt Street aforesaid:

House-to His Majesty, of the said 3d Day of May, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two " That He will be pleased to recall Sir Elijah Impey, Acts, passed in the Second and Eleventh Years of His " Knight, one of the Judges of the Supreme Court of present Majesty's Reign, so far as the same relate to the'

" Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, to answer to the Road from Blyth Mar/h to the Road leading from AshCharge of having accepted an Office granted by, and born to Buxton near Thorp, and from the Road between " tenable at the Pleasure of, the Servants of the East Cheadle and Leek to the Turnpike Road above Frogall India Company, which has a Tendency to create a Bridge, and from the same Road to the Road at or " Dependence in the said Supreme Court upon those near Ruehill Gate, in the Counties of Stafford and " over whose Actions the said Court was intended as a Derby.

" Controul, contrary to the good Purposes and true

" Intent and Meaning of an Act of the Thirteenth After which His Majesty was pleased to make a The Kings " Year of I lis Majesty's Reign," might be read. moll Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses speech.

And the same being read accordingly; of Parliament, as followeth; viz.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed,

That an hnmble Address be presented to His Majesty, My Lords, and Gentlemen,

representing in the most dutiful Mauner, that, on Ac- The unwearied Assiduity with which you have perfe-

cpunt of the Lateness of the Season, this House has been vered in the Discharge of your Duty in Parliament,

Vox.. 38. 13 N during

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to mftke out a hew Writ-for the cleft ing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Caine, in the County of in the ruomof the Right honourable Isaac Burro, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces.

1148 110 Julii. — 30 Septembris. — 1 o° OBobris. A. 1782.

during so long a Session, bears the most honourable Testimony to your Zeal and Industry in the Service of the Public for which you have provided with the cleared Discernment of its true Interests; anxiously opening every Channel for the Return of Peace; and furnishing with no less Vigilance the Means of carrying on the War, if that Measure should be unavoidable.

The extensive Powers with which I find Myfeif invested to treat for Reconciliation and Amity with the Colonies which have taken Arms in North America, I shall continue to employ in the Manner most conducive to the Attainment of those Objects, and with an Earned-ness suitable to their Importance.

The Zeal which My Subjects in Ireland have expressed for the Public Service, ihows that the Liberality 9F your Proceeding towards them is felt there as it ought; and has engaged their Affections, equally with their Duty and Interest, in the common Cause.

The Diligence and Ardour, with which you have entered upon the Confi deration of the British Interests in the East Indies, are worthy of your Wisdom, Justice, and Humanity. — To protect the Persons and Fortunes of Millions in those distant Regions, and to combine Our Prosperity with their Happiness, are Objects which amply repay the utmost Labour and Exertion.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I return you My particular Thanks for the very liberal Supplies which you have granted with so much Chearfulness and Zeal for the Service of the current Year. I reflect with extreme Regret upon the heavy Expence which the Circumstances of Public Affairs unavoidably call for. It shall be My Care to husband your Means to the belt Advantage, and, as far as depends on Me, to apply that Economy which I have endeavoured to let on Foot in My Civil Establishment, to those more extensive Branches of Public Expend iture; in which llill more important Advantages may be expected.

My I^otxls and Gentlemen,

The important Successes, which, under the Favour of Divine Providence, the Valour of My Fleet in the West Indies hath obtained, promise a favourable Issue to Our Operations in that Quarter. The Events of War in the East Indies have also been prosperous. Nothing however can be more repugnant to My Feelings than die long Continuance of so complicated a War.

My ardent Desire of Peace has induced Me to take every Measure which promised the speediest Accompli fitment of My Willies; and I will continue to exert My best Endeavours for that Purpose. But if, for Want of a corresponding Disposition in Our Enemies, I should be di (appointed in the Hope I entertain of a speedy Termination of the Calamities of War, I rely on the Spirit, Affection, and Unanimity of My Parliament and People to support the Honour of My Crown, and the Interests of My Kingdoms; not doubting that the Blessing of Heaven, which I devoutly implore upon Our Arms, employed as they are in Our just and necessary Defence, will enable Me to obtain fair and reasonable Tefms of Pacification. The most triumphant Career of Victory would not excite Me to aim at more; and 1 have the Satisfaction to be able to add. that I fee 110 Reason which should induce Me to thiiiKof accept^ ng less.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by His Majesty's Command, said;

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is His Majesty's Royal Will and Pleasure, That Parliament this Parliament be prorogued to Tuesday the 3d Day prow*®*!-of September next, to be then here holden; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Tuesday the 3d Day of September next.

Martis, 3® die Septembris;

Anno 22* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1782.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Parliament Prorogation; and Mr, Speaker being in the f"rt*' Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr.

Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Thursday the 10th Day of October next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 10th Day of October next.

Jovis> 10* die OBobris;

Anno 220 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1782.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last parraniffll Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the further. Country; .

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr.

2uarmCy Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Tuesday the 26th Day of November next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 26th Day of November next.

INDEX,

INDEX

TO THE

THIRTY-EIGHTH VOLUME.

21° Geo. III. Pari. 15. SeJJl 1. A. 1780, & 1781.

A B E R B RO TH0 C Ky Petition from, 3 May. Vide

Linen.

Abingdon Election, Petition of Mr. Wooldridge, complaining thereof; Day appointed for taking it into Connderation; Notices to be sent to the Parties; Mr. Speaker to issue his Warrants for Persons, Papers, and Records; 7 Nov. Petition from several Electors; to be considered at the same time; 20. Orders for considering Petitions discharged, and another Day appointed, 21. Petitioners desire to withdraw their Petitions; objected to by the Sitting Member; Question Neg. for discharging the Order for considering Mr. Wooldrige's Petition; 1 Feb. Committee appointed, 2. Report that the Sitting Member was duly elected, 6. Further Report of Resolution that Mr. Wooldridge's Petition was vexatious, frivolous, and groundless; Day appointed for further considering Report; ibid. Report further considered; Resolution agreed to, and Mr. Wooldridge ordered to make Satisfaction; 14.

Accountants, Public, Bill to direct Payment into the Exchequer of Balances remaining in their Hands, and for indemnifying them in respect thereof, ordered, n May. Presented, and read, 21. Day appointed for Second Reading, 28. Committed, 30. Committee deferred, 8 June. Reports from Commissioners of Accounts, presented 7 March and 9 April, referred; Bill considered; 11. Reported; to be ingrossed; 12. Passed, 13. Agreed to by the Lords, 25. Royal Assent, 5 July.

» Vide Accounts infra.

Accounts, Estimatcsy &c.

Account of extraordinary Services, ordered, 10 Nov. Presented, 4 Apr.; to be printed, ibid. Referred to Committee of Supply, 7 May. — of Surplusses, ordered, 10 Nov. Presented, 24 Jan. Referred to Committee of Supply, 19 Feb. To Committee of Ways and Means, 7 Mar. — Report from Commissioners of Public Accounts of Progress made by them, ordered, 10 Nov. Presented, 13. Read, and ordered to be printed, 17. Referred, 10 May. Vide infra. — Accounts of prohibited East India Goods, and of Naval Stores imported from Russia; of Ships employed in the Whale Fishery; presented, 13 Nov.; from Scotland, 5 Mar. — Account of Amount of Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of Act of last Session for railing - a Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills; of Monies raised at the Exchequer by Loans or Exchequer Bills pursuant to Act of last Session for railing One Million; ordered, 14 Nov. Presented, 18. Referred to Committee of Supply, 29. — First Report from the Commit sioners of Public Accounts, presented; read, and ordered to be printed; 27 Nov. Referred, 10 May. Vide infra. — VoL. 38.

Lift of the Number of Flag Officers (exclusive of those superannuated on -Rear Admiral's Half ray) at the Con-elusion of the late War; Lift of the present Number of Flag Officers, distinguishing those on Service, and Half Pay; Lift of the Number of Captains, and Masters and Commanders, who have been promoted to those Ranks since the Peace of Paris, distinguishing the Number now on Half Pay; ordered, 29 Nov. Presented, 4 Dec. Referred to Committee of Supply, ibid. — Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from and imported into Great Britain, from Christmas 1773 to Christmas 1779; of D°, from Christmas 1779 to Christmas 1780; ordered, 29 Nov. First presented, 24 Jan.; from Scotland, 5 Mar. — of the Number of Houses and Cottages charged, chargeable, discharged, and not charged with the Duties on Houses and Windows iii England, Wales, and Scotland, from 1750 to 1779, ordered, 29 Nov. Presented; to be printed; 23 Jan. — State of His Majesty's Land Forces, Officers included, in North America and the West Indies, as they were at the End of 1779, ordered 30 Nov. Presented, 24 Jan. — Account of Men loft and disabled in His Majesty's Land Service, including Marines serving on Shore, and Foreign Troops, by Death, Captivity, &c. in America and the West Indies, from 1 November 1774 to the Date of the last Returns; of all the Men raised for His Majesty's Land Service (Militia, and Fencible Men in Scotland not included) in Great Britain and Ireland, from 29 September 1774 to 29 September 178c; Totals of Embarkation Returns of all the British Corps and Recruits sent from Great Britain or Ireland to any Part of North America or the West Indies, in 1778, 1779, and 1780; ordered, 30 Nov. Presented, 24 Jan. — Account of the Number of Men who have died in actual Service in the Navy since I January 1776, distinguishing those killed and deserted, ordered, 4 Dec. Presented, 27 Jan. — of all Ships, being British Property, reported inwards in the Port of London, from 1 January 1780 to 1 January 17815 of all Ships, being Foreign Property, reported inwards in the Port of London, from D° to D°; ordered, 4 Dec. Presented, from 1 January 1779, 20 Mar. — of Money laid out on the Head of Extra of the Navy, between 31st December 1779 and 31st December 1780, ordered, 4 Dec. Presented, 15 Feb. — Copies of all Letters' and Papers transmitted to the Directors of the East India Company by the Governor General and Council of Fort William, relative to the Establishment, &c. of the Supreme Court of Judicature in Bengal; as also Copies or Extracts of Letters written by the Court of Directors to the Secretary of Stale, and to the Governor General and Council of Fort William, respecting the Jurisdiction of the said Court, ordered 5 Dec. Presented, 8 Feb. Re-

A xerred

